Emanuel-Rauner ties create campaign subplot60
"If you drew two circles, one for the mayor and one for Bruce, they'd definitely overlap in parts," said Kent Dauten, a managing director of Chicago investment firm Keystone Capital who has donated to both Emanuel and Rauner.
"As I travel for business nationally, a lot of business people I interact with kind of say, 'How's Obama's guy doing as mayor?' pretty skeptically and I say he's doing very well and he's very pro-business and pro-jobs," Dauten said. "And people definitely think that way about Bruce Rauner too."
Emanuel's decisions to close public schools and trim some city services have helped make him unpopular with some of the very voting groups Quinn needs to cultivate in Chicago, among them African-Americans, lower-income residents and city workers. The mayor and governor also have clashed over issues ranging from appointments at joint city-state government boards to Quinn's dim view of Emanuel-backed plans for a Chicago casino.
Those are perhaps reasons enough why the two Democrats don't share a podium more often as each focuses on improving his political standing. But Emanuel's muted campaign presence in the hotly contested race for governor contrasts sharply with his energetic effort to re-elect Obama and other Democrats in 2012.
The mayor traversed the country for his fellow Democrats, headlining fundraisers, appearing on national talk shows to defend his former boss and counterattacking Republicans in his trademark style.
Emanuel has amassed more than $8 million for the 2015 city elections, but there is little evidence he is helping Quinn keep up with Rauner's spending spree.
Emanuel spokeswoman Kelley Quinn pointed out that Emanuel contributed $50,000 to Quinn's campaign and said he "will continue his efforts to support the governor though this election."
"Mayor Emanuel believes Bruce Rauner is not right for the future of Chicago or Illinois, regardless of any personal relationship," she said in an email. "From minimum wage to gun control, and defending the rights of workers, women and gay marriage, Bruce Rauner is the wrong choice."
While Emanuel has taken his swipes at Rauner, they have fallen short of his traditional aggressiveness.
On a recent morning on the Northwest Side, Emanuel was asked if Rauner should release his full tax returns to the public — an obvious opening to take a shot at Rauner, who has been routinely criticized by Quinn as too rich and too out-of-touch to become governor.
But while Emanuel said that, yes, Rauner should release the full returns as Quinn and the mayor have done, he didn't mention Rauner by name. The mayor said only that releasing full tax returns — which Rauner refuses to do — is a political "rite of passage."
Bill Daley, the former mayor's brother and Emanuel's successor as White House chief of staff, said he doesn't think the mayor "helps or hurts" either candidate for governor. Daley said last year that Quinn could not get re-elected but dropped his own short-lived challenge to the governor.
Emanuel doesn't have a "general base of voters" that he can bring for Quinn. As for Emanuel's friendship with Rauner, Daley said, "I don't think that relationship in a campaign means diddly."
An adviser close to Emanuel said that since Rauner began his bid for governor, he and the mayor don't speak as much as they had in recent years.
The two men famously got to know each other after Emanuel left his post as a top adviser in the Clinton White House to become an investment banker. In the 21/2 years before he quit to run for the U.S. House, Emanuel earned more than $16 million, largely by brokering high-profile mergers and acquisitions, according to congressional disclosures.
One of Emanuel's biggest deals was representing Rauner's Chicago-based venture capital firm, then called GTCR Golder Rauner, in buying the SecurityLink home security unit from SBC Communications in 2001. Rauner credited Emanuel with keeping the deal alive. GTCR bought the company for $479 million and sold it less than six months later for $1 billion.

Feds Offer Apology for Air Bag Warning Snafufeds offer apology for air bag warning snafu
Krugman: The U.S. Is Doing Worse Than Japankrugman: the u.s. is doing worse than japan
Acura combines two middling sedans into one competent model with the 2015 TLX0
This is a symptom of other nine-speed transmissions on the market, and it had us wishing for the alacrity of the dual-clutch setup in the four-cylinder TLX. Fortunately, all models come with various driving modes for the car, and leaving the TLX in Sport cured some of these ills.
Regardless of what's propelling the TLX, Acura deserves credit for making it feel hearty and comfortable over rough roads. It rides as well as anything with a German badge on it. The interior is similarly well-executed, with fine leather covering deeply scalloped seats, and soft materials stretching into every corner.
This being an Acura, the TLX gets the company's dual-screen setup in the cockpit. Wedged deep into the upper dashboard is a primary screen that displays the navigation map (if equipped) and stereo; below this is a touch screen and physical buttons to control the main screen.
Promising in theory, the system is frustrating. The touch screen doesn't do many of the functions you might expect, and it's not obvious which screen you should be looking at during which function.
Space inside this car is closer to that of the outgoing TL than the smaller TSX. Tall adults fit in the back seats without head or knee contact, but it's cozy. The trunk gobbles up plenty of luggage.
Outside, the TLX's styling is tasteful and subdued but doesn't offer much new for the brand. At least Acura wisely toned down the odd, metallic, beak-like grille that has scarred the face of previous vehicles. The brand's new design signature is now its "jewel eye" LED headlights, which are standard on all TLXs.
As mentioned, the TLX starts at $31,890 for the base four-cylinder edition. The highlights of the TLX's standard gear are the heated front seats, a moon roof, seven air bags, a touch screen stereo system, alloy wheels and the aforementioned LED headlights.
The four-cylinder version we grabbed sold for $35,920 and added the navigation system with real-time traffic, leather seats, a 10-speaker stereo system, lane-keeping assist, blind spot monitoring and forward collision warning.
At the top of the TLX heap was the loaded AWD V-6 model. For $45,595, it offers all the aforementioned add-ons plus adaptive cruise control, pre-collision braking, cooled front seats, remote start and parking sensors.
At any of those price points, the TLX sells for less than its German competitors, as well as the Lexus IS and ES and the Cadillac ATS. This could be a crucial factor in the success of this Acura, especially as prices in this sport sedan segment keep climbing.
Most of those rivals have more sport baked into them. And it's a pity Acura didn't mix the handling and power of the AWD V-6 with the shifting prowess of the base model's dual-clutch transmission.
But for straightforward luxury, it's nice to see Acura rediscover some of its mojo.

2015 Acura TLX galleryCaption 2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD
Acura
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD.
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD. (Acura)
Caption 2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD
Acura
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD.
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD. (Acura)
Caption 2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD
Acura
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD.
2015 Acura TLX V6 SH-AWD. (Acura)

Dow  S&P 500 Rally To Record HighsDow, S&P 500 Rally To Record Highs
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Major U.S. stock indexes are back at record highs after a turbulent month.
Stocks rallied in the U.S. and overseas after Japan's central bank surprised investors with a new round of economic stimulus.
Just two weeks ago the U.S. market had its biggest slump in two years.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 194 points, or 1.1 percent, to close at an all-time high of 17,390 Friday. The Standard & Poor's 500 reached its own record, climbing 23 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,017.
The Nasdaq rose 64 points, or 1.4 percent, to 4,630.
Japan's benchmark index soared 5 percent to its highest level since 2007.
In the U.S., GoPro jumped 13 percent after the maker of wearable video cameras posted strong earnings.
More:

Minnesota Restaurant Drops  African  From Name Because Of Ebola PanicKellita Whisnant, the owner of an African restaurant in Minnesota, says Ebola panic has gotten so intense in her neighborhood that she had to change the name of her eatery from MaMaTi's African Kitchen to MaMaTi's Kitchen and Deli.
The Liberian-born 35-year-old has already taped over the word "African" in the Brooklyn Park restaurant's sign.
"It was pretty emotional for me. I didn't think it would be," Whisnant told The Huffington Post on Friday afternoon.
Kellita Whisnant says she had to change the name of her restaurant because of Ebola panic. (KMSP-TV)
Whisnant said she has added new items like Philly cheesesteaks and burritos to her menu, in an effort to attract customers who may associate the African food she usually serves with the virus. She said that the Ebola anxiety has gotten so bad that people have dropped into the restaurant asking whether it was under quarantine or if anyone in there had Ebola.
Earlier this month, Whisnant told The New York Times that business had slowed drastically at the restaurant over Ebola fears . Sales have dropped by 50 percent since the summer when the Ebola crisis worsened in Africa, she told local Fox affiliate KMSP , because people are afraid of catching the virus through food.
Whisnant said she spoke to a friend who heard someone calling her food "Ebola shit."
So far the name change hasn't helped much, Whisnant said. But she's hopeful.
"God don't put us through anything we can't handle," she said.
The panic Whisnant is describing is unfounded. Ebola only spreads through direct contact with the bodily fluids of a symptomatic infected person , and not through food. While there have been a few isolated cases in the U.S., nearly 5,000 people have died of the virus in West Africa since March, according to the World Health Organization .
More:

Bharti Softbank Acquires 36.5% Stake in ScoopWhoopYou are here: Home Industries
Bharti Softbank Acquires 36.5% Stake in ScoopWhoop
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 12:15 (IST)
SpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: Report
New Delhi: Bharti Softbank, a joint venture company of Bharti Enterprises and Japan-based Softbank Corporation, on Monday said it has acquired 36.5 per cent equity stake in entertainment media startup ScoopWhoop.
Though the company did not disclose value of the deal but industry sources said it is worth Rs 10 crore.
"...that it has acquired equity stake in ScoopWhoop Media Private Limited (ScoopWhoop) through BSB Portal Limited," Bharti Softbank (BSB) said in a statement.
BSB Portal Limited is a joint venture of BSY Pte. Ltd, which is a JV between BSB and Yahoo Japan Corporation.
"The partnership will combine the strengths of both - i.e., content creation for Indian youth by ScoopWhoop and mobile-optimised technology platform and distribution by BSB for Indian consumers," the company said.
ScoopWhoop is an India focused entertainment media startup that creates and curates content that gets shared through social networks.
Its website and mobile application clock approximately 20 million monthly page views and have over 8 million unique visitors each month.
Over half of all the page views are accessed via smartphones, underlining the strong mobile play.
"About a half of India's population are under 25 years old and the use of social networks with smartphones is growing rapidly among this segment. We believe the partnership offers immense synergies for both parties to create great content experience for India's mobile internet population," BSB Portal Limited CEO Madhu Nori said.
India is the world's second largest mobile market with over 900 million subscribers. A vast youth population and a fast growing economy are expected to drive data usage on mobiles with the proliferation of 3G and 4G services and increasing smartphone penetration.
According to the GSMA, India will become the second largest mobile broadband market globally within the next four years with 367 million mobile broadband connections by 2016.
"We are really happy with what we have achieved in the last one year since we started ScoopWhoop in August 2013, but we also know that we have a long road ahead," ScoopWhoop co-founder and CEO Sattvik Mishra said.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 12:13 (IST)

Flipkart  Snapdeal Emerge Favourites in Campus PlacementsSpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: Report
E-tailors such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have emerged as the new favourites among thousands of engineering and B-Schools graduates looking for their first placement, a survey by industry body Assocham has found.
More than 71 per cent of respondents in the survey, carried among 500 students from various campuses including the prestigious Indian Institute of Managements (IIMs), showed an inclination towards the fast-growing e-commerce sector as compared to traditional sectors such as FMCG, telecom and real estate.
The shift towards the e-commerce sector shouldn't come as a surprise. Companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal, flush with new funding and on a high on the back of record sales, are offering between Rs 10 lakh to 25 lakh in annual salaries to 20-somethings passing out of engineering and MBA colleges, the survey has found.
That's miles ahead from competition, which is still stuck in a pay bracket of Rs 4 lakh to Rs 7 lakh on an average, Assocham says.
This year, salaries offered by e-tailors are on an average 15-45 per cent higher as compared to last year, the survey notes. Assocham secretary general DS Rawat says e-tailors have hired 65 per cent more freshers this season as compared to last year.
Assocham expects India's e-commerce sector to add 5 lakh to 8 lakh new jobs in three to five years.
These companies have also gone big on hiring interns for summer placements. According to media reports, companies such as Snapdeal have offered stipends of more than Rs 50,000 per month for summer interns.
Factors driving the hiring boom:
Assocham says the e-commerce industry has experienced unprecedented growth with its total revenue increasing over 60 times between 2010 and 2014. Consulting firm Technopak estimates the size of the domestic e-tailing industry to soar from current $2.3 billion to $32 billion by 2020.
The spectacular growth over the years and future potential has attracted huge investments in the e-commerce sector. Snapdeal, India's third biggest e-tailor founded four years ago has raised about $1 billion this calendar year alone. Its bigger rival Flipkart became the first internet company to raise $1 billion this July.
Analysts say fresh funding will help these e-tailors expand quickly in a country with the world's third-largest internet user base, but relatively underdeveloped e-commerce.
(With inputs from PTI)

Virgin Spaceship s Descent System Deployed EarlyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Former WSJ exec to head Tribune sales effortsFormer WSJ exec to head Tribune sales efforts
Michael Rooney
Michael Rooney, Tribune Publishing's chief revenue officer.
Michael Rooney, Tribune Publishing's chief revenue officer. (Kreg Holt)
Newspapers Media Industry Tribune Publishing Jack Griffin Tribune Media ESPN News Corp.
Tribune Publishing hires former WSJ exec Michael Rooney as first chief revenue officer
Tribune Publishing has named veteran media sales executive Michael Rooney to the newly created position of chief revenue officer, the company announced Monday.
Rooney, who most recently served as chief revenue officer for The Wall Street Journal, will head up national sales and marketing efforts for Tribune Publishing beginning Nov. 10. He will be based out of New York and will report to Tribune Publishing CEO Jack Griffin.
  Open link
"We are privileged to have someone of Michael's expertise and stature join the company as our first-ever chief revenue officer," Griffin said in a statement. "Michael is a proven and well-recognized leader with a significant track record of helping companies diversify their portfolio and grow their revenue base."
The appointment of Rooney fills the void left by Bob Fleck, Tribune Publishing's former executive vice president of advertising, who shifted last week to become publisher and general manager of 38 suburban Chicago newspapers bought for the Chicago Tribune Media Group from the rival Sun-Times Media.
The new position of chief revenue officer reflects Rooney's broader responsibilities, and the importance of developing and diversifying revenue under Griffin. Rooney will look to boost declining national advertising revenues for Chicago-based Tribune Publishing, which includes the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and eight other daily newspapers. Tribune Publishing spun off from Tribune Media in August as a stand-alone, publicly traded company.
The legacy media is dying.
Duke71
1
"These wonderful assets that are part of Tribune Publishing have very local opportunities obviously, but national opportunities as well," said Rooney, 61. "Let's roll all these up and see what the potential is for us to serve advertisers — that's my responsibility — across multiple platforms."
Last year, national advertising fell 14 percent to about $214 million across Tribune Publishing, according to financial statements. National advertising is down nearly 10 percent through the first six months of 2014, with third quarter earnings due to be reported Wednesday.
As chief revenue officer for The Wall Street Journal, Rooney oversaw advertising sales development across multiple platforms during his seven-year tenure. He left last year to travel across North America with his wife in a camper van, earning a bon voyage tweet of gratitude from Rupert Murdoch, executive chairman of Wall Street Journal publisher News Corp.
Before arriving at The Wall Street Journal in 2007, Rooney held various sales and marketing positions with ESPN, where he helped to launch ESPN The Magazine. Previously, he was magazine publisher at Field & Stream, Outdoor Life, Discover and Men's Health.
While acknowledging the challenges of marketing Tribune Publishing's portfolio of regional newspapers, Rooney said "adding them all up" gives you a national footprint with significant advertising upside.
"It's more challenging because it's under different brands, but it has the advantage of being stronger in specific markets," Rooney said. "I look at this and see as great an opportunity as anything I've had to sell nationally before, with concentrations in different markets."
Last week's acquisition of suburban Chicago newspapers opened the door to Rooney's arrival. He is hoping more such acquisitions will broaden the footprint and strengthen Tribune Publishing's national advertising sales prospects going forward.
"I think these are exciting times," Rooney said. "I look forward to working with what we've got, and trying to plan on future ones that help this company grow as well."

Hyundai  Kia Pay $100 Million Fine Over Mileage Claimshyundai  kia pay $100 million fine over mileage claims
Jawan questioned in boys death kills himself inHyderabadA PTI report said Raju was questioned by a special investigation team as well as the Army authorities on Sunday night. (source: PTI/file)
By: Express News Service | Hyderabd | Posted: November 3, 2014 9:47 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 9:56 pm
AN Army jawan, who was among those questioned by a police team investigating the case of an 11-year-old boy who was allegedly set ablaze last month, committed suicide by shooting himself with his service rifle at the Mehdipatnam Garrison on Monday morning.
Lance Naik Appala Raju, 32, was rushed to a private hospital where he was declared dead. A PTI report said Raju was questioned by a special investigation team as well as the Army authorities on Sunday night.
Confirming the suicide, an Army statement said, “No suicide note has been found… His suicide should not be taken as an indication of his involvement in the case as wide speculations are being raised, questioning the involvement of the deceased soldier in the Mehdipatnam incident. Probably, the jawan was under immense mental stress due to the ongoing interrogation. The Army is fully cooperating with the police and wants the truth to come out at the earliest.”
On October 8, 11-year-old Shaik Mustafa of Siddiquenagar, which is located inside the Mehdipatnam Garrison, was found with over 90 per cent burns. The boy told the police at the hospital that two Army jawans had set him ablaze after pouring kerosene on him. The boy died the next day and his statement was treated as a dying declaration. The police registered a case of murder against unknown persons.

Pakistan allows beating retreat ceremony at Wagah afterblastPrint
Pakistani border guards perform high kicks during a flag lowering ceremony after a Sunday suicide bombing at the Pakistan-Indian border post, in Wagah. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:19 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:31 pm
Hours after cancelling the beating retreat ceremony at Wagah following a deadly suicide attack, Pakistan today allowed general public to view the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
“We have decided in a meeting this afternoon to allow the  general public to come and watch the flag-lowering ceremony,”Punjab Rangers spokesman Maj Shahid Abbas said.
“Since we have cleared off the blast site after collecting the forensic evidence, there was no point in closing the Parade Avenue for the public,” he told PTI.
Earlier, India had said that at the request of Pakistan Rangers, there will be no beating retreat ceremony at Wagah Border for three days from Monday.
Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony had been communicated to the BSF by the Rangers.
Meanwhile, security was beefed up on Monday by adding another tier over a kilometre from the main entrance to the Parade Avenue.
The parking area has also been designated far away from the main entrance due to security concerns.
“We have beefed up the security for the people’s sake,” Maj Abbas said.
At least 61 people were killed and nearly 200 injured when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah in Pakistan yesterday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing.

http://usat.ly/1A4H7AB5 things investors need to know about November
USA TODAY Special Report 11:59 a.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
A statue of George Washington looks out over the New York Stock Exchange building in New York City.
(Photo: Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 110 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is here.
Those three words are music to investors' ears because it means the gut-wrenching ride of October is over and that we're entering what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
Two quick November facts:
• It is the second-best performing month the past 20 years.
• It starts the best six-month period going back to 1950.
And after the stock market's stunning rebound the past two weeks, November starts with both the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index back at record highs.
In the latest in USA TODAY's Monthly Markets Checkup, here are five things investors need to know about November:
1. Risks remain.
Even with all the seasonal factors weighing in its favor , investors will still have to contend with risks. This is the first month in two years that the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the financial markets through asset purchases. And now investors will start looking ahead to the likelihood that the Fed will raise interest rates next year. The outcome of the Congressional elections and the impact on the balance of power on Capitol Hill could sway markets. Also having the potential to give pause, economic conditions in Europe remain weak, uncertainty surrounds the Islamic State and domestic terrorism, and the holiday shopping season kicks off on Thanksgiving.

SpaceShipTwo Was Insured for $40-$50 Millionspaceshiptwo was insured for $40-$50 million
http://usat.ly/1qmmBBQEMAIL
(Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
U.S. Treasuries used to be the choice of investors looking for a risk-free return. Apple’s (AAPL) taking over now, as the investment many investors figure can’t go wrong with.
And how can you blame them?
Talk about a stock with just about everything going for it. Investors who “invest in what they know” see packed Apple stores. Number crunchers point out Apple’s trailing P-E is 16.9 — which isn’t all that higher than the market’s valuation — and Apple is growing much faster. And then there’s that pile of $155 billion in cash and investments.
Shares are up again Monday by 1.6% to $109.65 — notching yet another all-time high.
How can you blame investors from thinking Apple is a “risk-free stock?” Some analysts even seem to agree. Even though Apple’s stock is up 37% this year and trading for nearly $110 a share to beat its $100 curse, analysts see it going even higher and have an average “outperform” rating.
“I like Apple’s balance sheet a little better than that of our government,” says Alex Gauna, analyst at JMP Securities. “It might not be risk free, but it has a bigger payout for the risk than anything I’ve seen out there.”
Apple’s stock has taken a risk-free-like quality because it wins no matter what direction the market shifts to. Apple shines during market pullbacks because investors are drawn to its strong balance sheet and stable consumer demand that doesn’t seem affected by its pricing. And when the market is looking for high-growth, Apple delivers there, too, Gauna says.
Here’s the problem. It’s when investors start thinking a stock can do no wrong, the stock starts to do wrong. Apple-mania reached a similar feverish pitch back in September 2012 when the stock drove to more than $100 a share for the first time. But a decrease in profit margins and greater competition ultimately knocked the stock down about 40% before it found its footing.
And talk about Apple’s perfection is making some analysts nervous.
“There have been tons of stocks that have been risk free … until they weren’t,” says Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest in an e-mailed response. “Anyone who suggests a stock investment is risk-free is either willingly ignorant or deceptive.”
Risks abound with Apple, Hargreaves says. Eventually, the market for smartphones will slow, which will be painful for Apple. And while Apple doesn’t seem to have much competition, that can quickly change. Don’t forget, too, that Apple is a hardware company and the multiple and stock price could fall if growth slows, he says. “Apple has risks, people just aren’t talking about them right now,” he says.
Investors might confuse Apple’s current product cycle — and figure that growth will last forever, says Mike Walkley, analyst at Canaccord Geniuity in an e-mailed response. Tech moves fast and winners fade. “Seven years ago, Nokia was in Apple’s position with more than half of the handset market profits and now it is out of the handset business,” he says.
Risks abound — right when investors figure there is none.
“Lots could go wrong. Once everyone decides nothing can go wrong, look out below,” says Jim Kelleher at Argus Research in an e-mailed response. “Don’t you remember the iPhone 5 launch when the stock went from $700 (not split-adjusted) to $400?”
Kelleher points out that the number of consumers on two-year wireless contracts in 2015 will be half of 2014’s level. And China could flop, he says.
Seeing individual investors figure they can’t go wrong with Apple is a sign that perhaps risks are being forgotten, which is exactly what puts a stock at risk. On being asked if Apple is risk free: “You asking me that question is like John D. Rockefeller’s shoeshine boy giving him a stock tip,” Kelleher says.

Chris Franz / Getty Imageschris franz / getty images
Bill Gross s deflation alertbill gross s deflation alert
Azams wife relents  files papers forRSUttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav with Tazeen Fatima and Ramgopal Yadav after the two filed their nomination for Rajya Sabha polls, in Lucknow on Monday. (Source: Vishal Srivastav photo)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:14 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 12:17 am
Six Samajwadi Party candidates, including its national general secretary Ramgopal Yadav and Tazeen Fatima, wife of senior cabinet minister Azam Khan, filed their nominations for Rajya Sabha seats Monday. Tazeen had earlier turned down SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s offer to nominate her for Rajya Sabha. While CM Akhilesh Yadav and several other senior leaders accompanied the candidates for filing their nomination papers, Azam Khan skipped the event.
Tazeen did not respond to the queries on why she had earlier refused the ticket. Tazeen, in a letter to Mulayam on Friday, had turned down the ticket with a request that the seat may be given to any other deserving person.
In February this year, Tazeen had rejected Akhilesh’s offer to appoint her as chairperson of the UP Higher Education Services  Commission.
SP leaders, meanwhile, claimed that filing of nomination by Tazeen was on expected lines. Azam’s adversary Javed Ali Khan too filed his papers as have Ramgopal Yadav, Chandrapal Singh Yadav, Neeraj Shekhar and Ravi Prakash Verma.
After filing his papers, Ramgopal said with six more members, SP will become the third largest party in the Upper House.
Ten Rajya Sabha seats will go to polls November 20. As per numerical strength of parties, SP has already filed for its six seats. BSP can win two seats while BJP, and Congress and RLD can get one seat each.

VMC spends Rs. 84 cr. per annum on garbage liftingUpdated: November 4, 2014 00:24 IST
VMC spends Rs. 84 cr. per annum on garbage lifting
Special Correspondent
Health Minister Kamineni Srinivas, Vijayawada East MLA Gadde Rammohan Rao and Mayor Koneru Sridhar participating in the 'Swachh Bharat' programme in Vijayawada on Monday. Photo: By Arrangement
TOPICS
waste management
City Mayor Koneru Sridhar on Monday said that the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) was spending Rs. 84 crore per annum on lifting garbage and ensuring cleanliness in the city. However, it was generating only Rs.74 crore as revenue.
Participating in the ‘Swacch Bharat’ campaign in different residential colonies under municipal division-II, Mr. Sridhar said that as many as 3,990 staff, 20 lorries and 15 tractors were being engaged for lifting garbage from the city.
“We request the residents not to dump garbage on roads and assist sanitation staff in keeping the city clean,” said Mr. Sridhar.
Health Minister Kamineni Srinivas, who also participated in the programme, called upon people to maintain the environs in order to prevent the spread of diseases.
Vijayawada East MLA Gadde Ramamohan Rao and others also participated in the programme, which was organised by the Rainbow and Aayush Hospitals.

Why GOP election sweep could spur stocksU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

http://usat.ly/1wsb1efU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

Ebola nurse  state of Maine  reach agreement with quarantinekari2
Hickox was initially placed in quarantine in New Jersey when she returned to the United States from West Africa , where she was working with patients suffering from Ebola. She has tested negative for Ebola and isn’t symptomatic.
“The Maine court’s decision squarely recognized what the medical community has said about severe restrictions on people’s liberties not being justified at this time,” Alison Beyea, executive director of the Maine chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, told the Daily News. “It should be precedent setting if not in fact then in spirit.”
Hickox last week ignored a voluntary quarantine order, and went on an hour-long bike ride with her boyfriend .
“I don’t plan on sticking to the guidelines,” she told the Today Show on Wednesday . “I remain appalled by these home quarantine policies that have been forced upon me, even though I am in perfectly good health and feeling strong and have been this entire time completely symptom free.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Dollar surges above 114 yen  holds gains from BoJ policy moveDollar surges above 114 yen  holds gains from BoJ policy move
Obama  Fed s Yellen to discuss long-term U.S. economic outlook - White HouseObama  Fed s Yellen to discuss long-term U.S. economic outlook - White House
View on govt formation clear since Dec. 2013: Delhi BJP chiefView on govt formation clear since Dec. 2013: Delhi BJP chief
Branson nod to Virgin America IPOBranson’s Virgin America pushes on with IPO
Mark Odell and Alistair Gray in London and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d355768-637d-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lexus s $62 400 RC F cranks up the naughty to challenge BMW M4Lexus's $62,400 RC F cranks up the naughty to challenge BMW M4
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)

WTO in Seattle - 15 Years AgoIn November 1999, the WTO met in Seattle, where I live, to negotiate the terms of globalization.
I missed it.
At the time, I was negotiating a union contract. Our negotiating teams recommended rejecting a terrible contract offer. Over 98 percent of our members voted "No," leading to a 40-day strike a few weeks later.
My daughter heard about the WTO meeting from friends at school. She asked me if she could cut class with her friend Janine to go to the demonstrations. I told her three things. First, of course! This is history. You must see it. Second, here are two quarters. If you get arrested, call me and I will come get you out. (Cells phones were still a novelty.) Third, stick with Janine. No boys. For each boy you add to your group, your collective IQ drops by half - an old Dave Barry joke , but I know something about this.
I didn't understand the WTO or it's work. My feelings were captured in the movie, Battle in Seattle (great trailer) featuring Charlize Theron, Michelle Rodriquez, and Woody Harrelson. Near the end of the movie, demonstrators are in jail, asking each other if all the planning and effort had been worth it. One said, last week no one knew about the WTO. This week they still don't, but they're against it.
In the 15 years since, the demonstrators' message has come into focus.
A generation ago, trade deals were about trade. They were really boring, with incomprehensible names like General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).
The WTO broadened those goals from boring tariffs to regulation, health care, patents, the environment, currency manipulation, financial regulation, immigration, government procurement, labor rights and human rights - policies that are normally settled through democratic accountable political processes.
Photo by Dang Ngo / Rainforest Action Network.
NAFTA took effect in 1994, introducing a new format for globalization. NAFTA was designed from the top down to tip power in favor of global corporations , at the expense of civil society.
The WTO met in Seattle to extend NAFTA's corporate-friendly principles to a global standard. Mass opposition in Seattle and elsewhere blocked that effort.
Globalization shifted course. Rather than seeking global consensus at the WTO, where many countries were reluctant, globalization would move forward through "bilateral" agreements. Large countries would have more bargaining power over smaller ones, and the bilateral deals would attract less attention and less opposition. We now have a jumble of hundreds of bilateral agreements.
Today, we are circling in on the global standard, with two new multi-regional agreements - one with 12 countries around the Pacific (TPP), and a second between the U.S. and Europe (TTIP). Again, the issue is not trade. It's about defining the moral, social, political and economic terms of globalization .
Looking back to 1999, it's clear that the WTO and NAFTA-style trade deals were never about economics or shared prosperity. They are really about power relationships. Who will have the power to claim any new gains created through work?
A European diplomat recently promoted this multi-regional approach, saying the global standards set in these deals would be great for global corporations. TPP and TTIP would determine how life would be organized in 2050 .
Thinking back, my union contract negotiations in 1999 and the WTO demonstrations in Seattle were really two sides of the same coin. It's all about power relationships - who will decide how we divide wealth?
At a labor meeting during our strike, our International President told a large crowd that most strikes in the last 20 years were against take-aways, not for new gains. Workers struck to keep what they had.
Our strike marked a huge shift in the our power relationship, as workers. In our old relationship, our CEO had said employees were his most important asset. Our new workplace power relationship looks more like Wal-Mart's approach, adapted to our high-end manufacturing industry. In the Wal-Mart business model, every stakeholder should feel at risk, contingent and precarious . The dominant stakeholder will extract gains from all other stakeholders, then come around and demand more concessions.
Productivity would come from the global supplier network. Any work and any job could be moved to another country, either for lower cost, a weaker civil society, or simply as leverage to play one stakeholder off against another.
If that is global businesses' new business ethic, then the trade deals are creating global norms to serve that goal. This new system is working exactly the way it was designed.
In 1999, most Americans gave our trade negotiators the benefit of the doubt. The burden of proof fell on the labor and environmental protesters in Seattle and other cities. With years of lived experience since NAFTA, the jail scene in the movie looks more perceptive every day. We're not sure what the global trading system does, but we're against it.
Fifteen years on, critics of our trade policy now have the benefit of doubt. The burden of proof falls on the advocates of more NATFA-style deals.
Follow Stan Sorscher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sorscher
More:

Caught in a sack raceUpdated: November 2, 2014 23:41 IST
Caught in a sack race
Indrani Dutta
The Hindu Illegal import of jute bags is a contentious issue
TOPICS
textile and clothing
In an 180-degree swing the jute industry’s fortunes have touched the nadir
Nearly a century-and-a-half ago, the many jute mills that dotted the western banks of the Hooghly symbolised West Bengal’s industrial progress, besides providing the building blocks of many industrial empires.
In an 180-degree swing, the industry’s fortunes seems to have reached a nadir, and it has now become a crisis-ridden sector, which witnesses incidents such as lynching of the Chief Executive Officer of a mill. This incident, that happened in May, brings into focus the goings on in an industry in which the Centre and the State seem to have little interest. The industry too has not given an exemplary account of itself, as a result of which it now faces a trust deficit.
So, it is somewhat surprising that the plight of the industry will be taken up by a Central Cabinet, which is yet to complete six months in office. But that is the case and is being seen as a good beginning.
The sector supports 40 lakh farmers engaged in raw jute cultivation and 3.50 lakh workers, who are employed in the mills and in the downstream and upstream industries. It’s turnover is Rs.10,000 crore, of which exports accounted for Rs.2,236 crore. There are 84 mills — 64 in West Bengal and seven in Andhra Pradesh. The rest are in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Assam, Odisha, Chattisgarh and Tripura. And, they all go through a cycle of closures, workers unrest, and reopening.
Despite the global emphasis on environmental issues, a green material such as jute is caught in a morass mainly on account of the industry’s inability to modernise and stay competitive due to technology gaps.
The industry has, thus, remained dependent on the Jute Packaging Material (Compulsory Use in Packaging Commoditiesa) Act of 1987. Known as the JPM Act, this legislation provides for compulsory use of jute packaging material in the supply and distribution of foodgrains and sugar. Originally, cement and fertilizer were also included in the JPM Act, but these were relaxed subsequently. In the face of competition from the makers of synthetic high-density polyethylene and poly propylene bag-making segment, the JPM Act has become the mainstay of the industry for generating orders. Unfortunately for the industry, there is an element of uncertainty involved in the entire stipulation as the jute industry’s quota is decided by a Standing Advisory Committee, constituted under the Act, on an annual basis.
The industry is heavily dependent on government orders for sacking, and almost 66 per cent of total jute goods are procured directly by state agencies such as the Food Corporation of India and other State-level food procuring agencies. The mills’ work-day schedules are determined by this, and are cited by the mill management to cut back production. At present, the industry is operating on a five-day week, and often such decisions and workers’ fears of lesser earnings precipitate Northbrook Jute Mill-like happenings. There is also the contentious issue of illegal imports of jute bags. While there is no bar on such imports (normally done from Bangladesh and Nepal), importers need to register with the Office of the Jute Commissioner (JC). However, it is often found that rampant unauthorised imports are taking place with the bags being used to feed the foodgrain-packaging market, further shrinking the pie for domestic units.
The Indian Jute Mills’ Association and the JC are aware of the problem, and the JC has often threatened penal action but indications are that the JC does not have either the manpower or the wherewithal to contain this problem.
The export market for jute too is shrinking, as the exporters are unable to put up with competition from Bangladesh where the government extends a range of benefits to give the industry an edge. During April-August this fiscal, jute exports in rupee terms are 12 per cent lower than a year-ago numbers.
In a Cabinet note circulated recently, the Centre admitted that the export market for sacking had declined due to political turmoil in key markets such as Thailand and West Asia.
The government has proposed a new scheme to incentivise jute goods’ exporters.
The Centre wants the industry to rework its product-mix in favour of diversified products such as geo textiles and decorative. The National Jute Board has been prompting the manufacture of these products. However, the industry says that it cannot bring the volumes achieved from traditional goods such as sacking and yarn.
indrani.dutta@thehindu.co.in

EU bill not out of control  says TreasuryBrussels bill not out of control, says UK Treasury
Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cca36438-611a-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China October Services Growth Slips to 9-Month Low  Property WeighsECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The services sector has been more resilient than the manufacturing sector and is creating more jobs, which partly explains why the government has so far refrained from more aggressive policy easing in supporting the slowing economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
But it was still comfortably above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The sub-index of new orders inched up to 51.0 in October from September's 49.5, which was the lowest since December 2008.
"Sub-indices for sectors such as railway transport and real estate remained below the 50 point and market demand weakened," the bureau said.
The sub-index measuring employment fell to 48.9 in October - the fourth straight month when it was below 50, and was down from September's 49.5.
An official survey published on Saturday showed China's factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising costs in the cooling economy, reinforcing views that the country's growth outlook is hazy at best.
China's annual economic growth slowed to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, the weakest pace since the global financial crisis, even as the government rolled out more stimulus measures to avert a sharper slowdown.
The two surveys suggest a further loss of economic momentum heading into the fourth quarter. Analysts had already expected full-year economic growth to miss the government's full-year target of around 7.5 per cent, even after it rolled out a series of support measures.
Still, top policymakers have issued a steady stream of reassurances about the economy in recent weeks, citing among other things a strong services sector and a still resilient labour market.
Policy measures so far this year include accelerated construction of railway and public housing projects, cuts in reserve requirements (RRR) for some banks and loosening of restrictions on property purchases to support the cooling housing market.
The services sector made up 46.1 per cent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector - manufacturing and construction - for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

From Laika to geckos: A look at animals sent into spaceprint
On this day 57 years ago, a Russian street dog named Laika became one of the first animals to go into space and the first creature to orbit the earth on board Soviet spacecraft Sputnik II.
Sputnik II was launched on November 3, 1957 just a month after Sputnik I, the first artificial earth satellite was sent into space.
Laika. AFP
Laika died a few hours after launch from stress and overheating. Russian scientists had not anyway charted return plans for the space programme.
First experiment
A number of animals, insects and microscopic creatures have been sent into space till date. According to space.com, the first such experiment was carried out in 1783 when a sheep, a duck and a rooster were sent up in a hot-air balloon.
A depiction of the hot-baloon with animals. Wikicommons
Other animals
Here is a list of a few other animals which were sent into space.  
Two monkeys Able and Baker were the first animals to successfully return from a space flight (sub-orbital flight). Although they were not put in an orbit, they traveled in space in speed exceeding 16,000 km/hr and returned to earth safely.
The capsule and couch used by one of America's first spacefarers, a rhesus monkey named Able.
Baker monkey. Wikicommons
Two dogs Belka and Strelka were the first creatures to successfully return after going into orbit. After spending a day in space onboard Sputnik 5, they returned to earth hale and hearty. 
Belka and Sterlka. AFP
Felicette gets the credit of being the first cat to be launched into space. It traveled in the nose cone of French rocket Veronique and rose up to an altitude of 157 km. Electrodes were connected to Felicette to record its brain waves. The cat was trained not to move during the entire duration of the flight.
Felicette. Photo: Flickr
Two cosmonaute-dogs Veterok (up) and Ugolyok returned safely from the "Cosmos 110" space mission after 22 days in orbit. It was the 'longest space flight' by dogs and it still stands.
Veterok (up) and Ugolyok. AFP
Apart from these  mice, rats, tortoises, bacteria, spiders, fish, algae and many other type of creatures have been sent into space from time to time.
Recent experiments
The last such program was called BION in which Russia launched a series of 11 satellites from 1966 to 1996 and a range of creatures were sent into space for various experiments. Russia revived this programme recently.
In one such mission, five geckos were sent into space to research their sexual behavior in zero gravity. Unfortunately they died during the space sex experiment. An event which would have otherwise gone unnoticed, gained world fame after getting featured in television host John Oliver's Last Week Tonight show.
Source: Space.com

Clicked in style: Capital catches up with trend of pre-wedding shootsModi said the replacement to the planning panel must incorporate the concept of 'Team India', which according to him, was a combination of three teams – the PM and CMs, the Union council of ministers and the bureaucracy.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

1 World Trade Center1 World Trade Center Opening Highlights Rebirth, Renewal Following 9/11 Attacks
Nov 3, 2014, 7:00 AM ET
One World Trade Center stands between the transportation hub, left, still under construction, and 7 World Trade Center, right, Nov. 3, 2014 in New York.
Mark Lennihan/AP Photo
Share
Copy
It's finally done.
Thirteen years after the Twin Towers were destroyed on Sept. 11, 2001, the new centerpiece skyscraper at the World Trade Center opens this morning.
The path to this day was anything but easy or clear. Battles began almost as soon as the debris was hauled away in 2002 and, since then, there have been fights over cost, design, security and even the structure’s name. But still, the tower – a technological marvel sitting on piles driven more than 100 feet below the Hudson River – rose steadily out of the northwest corner of the WTC site.
Security at 1 World Trade Center Still in Question as BASE Jumpers Appear in Court
Today, the storied Conde Nast magazine empire, with titles like Vogue, GQ and Vanity Fair, moves in with 2,300 employees spread among 24 floors. In so many ways, this day marks the final piece of the rebirth and renewal of a Lower Manhattan devastated when two hijacked jets slammed into the Twin Towers that bright morning.
On Sept. 11, 2011, the 9/11 Memorial opened. Six months ago, the 9/11 Museum opened. Both were built to commemorate what was lost.
One World Trade is a monument to the future.
Eduardo Munoz/Reuters
PHOTO: General view of the One World Trade Center in New York, Nov. 1, 2014.
“It’s a fantastic milestone,” said Steve Plate, who has overseen WTC construction since the beginning. “I was there that fateful day. And to see from where we started to where we are today, it’s truly a miracle.”
“It truly is the eighth wonder of the world,” Plate said. “And the building itself is truly iconic.”
The new 1 WTC tower and the 16-acre site it anchors are owned by the Port Authority, a massive government agency controlled by the governors of New York and New Jersey.
Plate was supposed to be in his office on the 82nd floor of the North Tower when the attacks began 13 years ago. He wasn’t because he drove his son to school and then missed his usual train. Since then, it has been his mission to rebuild the site into something that would make New York City proud.
“I’m an engineer and I can add numbers and tell you ‘tallest, strongest’ and all this stuff,’ Plate said. “But at the end of the day, it’s the most beautiful building in the most beautiful city in the most beautiful region in the world.”
John Moore/Getty Images
PHOTO: One World Trade Center, the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, rises over downtown Manhattan, as seen from the window of a Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Jan. 31, 2014, in New York.
Standing at 1,776 feet (which includes its landmark spire), 1 WTC is the tallest building in the country and the western hemisphere. It is 104 stories tall and has a three-floor observatory that is to open this spring.
Much like the tower itself, its price tag rose steadily since construction began. By the time the first Conde Nast employee walks in today, the final dollar figure will be around $3.9 billion – or double the original estimate.
The problems and battles that preceded today are going to fade into the background, according to the building’s boosters, as 1 WTC takes its place in the fabric of New York.
“There’s so many people who have done so much to bring it where it is,” said Dave Checketts, the CEO of Legends, the company operating the observatory on floors 100-102, told ABC News Anchor Dan Harris. “I give them all a lot of credit for staying with the fight because the finished product is going to be something inspirational to people and comforting.”
Checketts said there’s just one message in the reality that the new skyscraper is built and reclaiming its place near the southern tip of the New York skyline.
“It’s a brute fact. We did come back,” Checketts said looking out from near the tower’s top. “We brought it back; we built it even higher than it was before.”

Is Lexus having a midlife crisisIs Lexus having a midlife crisis?
2015 Lexus RC F
Lexus, Handout
2015 Lexus RC F sports coupe is part of the upsacle automaker's appeal to a broader, younger demographic.
2015 Lexus RC F sports coupe is part of the upsacle automaker's appeal to a broader, younger demographic. (Lexus, Handout)
By Rick Popely, Special to Tribune Newspapers
With racier ads and performance-minded designs, Lexus targets a new generation of upscale auto buyer.
Lexus sexus? Racy ad campaign delivers more race-inspired designs to lure younger luxury car buyers.
As Lexus turns 25 for the 2015 model year, the formerly sedate luxury brand is acting like a 20-something who is living life to its fullest and will worry about the consequences later.
8
When the brand launched for 1990, the cars had understated styling and Lexus touted the quality and value of its cars. One early television commercial, for example, showed champagne glasses stacked on the hood of an LS sedan to demonstrate how smooth the engine was.
Lexus engineers have a sports car to be proud of. It's called the RC F, and it's 467 horsepower of rubber-searing fun. ( Jason H. Harper, Bloomberg News )
Now, though, Lexus models sport a gaping, in-your-face front design, and the advertising focuses on performance, with young adults partying like there's no tomorrow. One current spot shows an overheated couple on the verge of outdoor sex in the rain when the man gets distracted by a blue Lexus IS sport sedan.
"Some people look at it and say, that's very provocative, and some people look at it and say, you went too far," Lexus marketing communications manager Brian Bolain said in an interview.
cComments
@Robert Duffer Right, so the IS 250 would have a bigger impact on changing people's opinion of Lexus than the RC F. That's exactly why I posted the link. No one is going to buy the $64K RC F. It's going to be a complete failure and there will be no halo effect for the other...
poppy coq
7
In 1990, Lexus was aimed squarely at the Baby Boomer generation, just as they were reaching their peak earning years and ready to move to more upscale vehicles. Bolain said the racier image the brand is carving these days is designed to appeal to the next big cohort of luxury buyers, Generations X and Y.
"The point of what's changed at Lexus is, we used to try to be a little bit of something for everybody. Now we're trying to be a lot of something for a few people," Bolain said.
Boomers currently account for 48 percent of luxury vehicle sales but Bolain and Lexus expect the percentage of Gen X and Y sales to jump from 31 percent to more than 50 percent.
"We have to change our appeal or expand it to a new audience, and that's where you see a lot of performance messaging coming from us."
That means taking some chances. The gaping grilles, for instance, have provoked comparisons to the alien in the "Predator" movies, but Bolain shrugs that off.
"Love it or hate it, it creates a conversation about Lexus," he said. Throwing in lots of horsepower and racecar handling ability generate more buzz.
"Performance is what people will respond to," Bolain said. "Hybrids are important because we want to be perceived as a green company, but honestly, it does not personify the brand in any particular way. Performance does."

Nate Silver thinks data journalism is goldOctober 31, 2014 7:21 am
Beijing subway bans Halloween costumes
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5219650c-60c8-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesla and the geography of innovation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c71e12c-5eaf-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In the race for the future  look to the country with the coolest car company  writes Andrew McAfeeBlog guide
Welcome. This blog covers technological progress and its impact on businesses, economies, and societies.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Andrew McAfee is a principal research scientist at MIT. His 2014 book Second Machine Age: Work, Progress, and Prosperity in a Time of Brilliant Technologies (co-authored with Erik Brynjolfsson) was a New York Times bestseller and shortlisted for the FT and McKinsey business book of the year award .
He is the co-founder of MIT's Initiative on the Digital Economy , and previously held positions as a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society and as a professor at Harvard Business School.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

China dismisses India s concerns over its submarine docking in ColomboChina dismisses India's concerns over its submarine docking in Colombo
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, November 03, 2014
First Published: 19:12 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:04 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
It is not unusual for Chinese warships to dock at the Colombo port in Sri Lanka, China said Monday after a Chinese submarine was allowed at the port over the weekend amid India’s rising diplomatic unease over the frequency of such visits.
Last month, another Chinese submarine had made a port call in Colombo ahead of President Xi Jinping’s south Asia tour.
On Friday, submarine Changzheng-2 and warship Chang Xing Dao arrived at the Colombo port for five-day visit. 
“A submarine and a warship have docked at Colombo harbour. They called on Oct. 31 and will be here for five days for refuelling and crew refreshment,” Sri Lankan navy spokesperson Kosala Warnakulasuriya was quoted as saying by news agencies.
In Beijing, an unnamed defence ministry official dismissed India’s concerns about the docking of the submarine.
“It is an international common practice for navy submarine to stop for refueling and crew refreshment at an oversea port,” the defence ministry was quoted as having said by the official news agency, Xinhua.
“Chinese Defense Ministry said it is nothing unusual for its naval vessel to dock at Colombo port despite concerns raised by India,” the Xinhua report said.
The official added the Chinese submarine docks during its escort missions in the Gulf of Aden and waters off Somalia.
Chinese state media also quoted Warnakulasuriya saying that hundreds of international ships dock at the Colombo port every year.
“This is nothing unusual. Since 2010, 230 warships have called at Colombo port from various countries on goodwill visits and for refueling and crew refreshment,” Warnakulasuriya said.
China has rapidly expanded its footprint in Sri Lanka in the last few years, taking a lead in building large-scale infrastructure in the island nation since the end of the civil war in 2009, May.
According to Xinhua, China has loaned the Sri Lankan government an estimated 5 billion USD for massive infrastructure projects including roads, railways, international airports, ports and even a 1.2 billion USD coal power plant.
Bilateral trade between the two countries was worth more than 3.62 billion USD last year. Beijing and Colombo aim to sign a Free Trade Agreement in 2015.

Preventing diabetes 2 through bariatric surgeryBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 3 Follow @arianaeunjung
Could bariatric surgery — often thought of as a drastic, last-resort measure for weight loss — be one way to reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes?
New research published in Monday's Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology suggests that such surgery could cut the risk by 80 percent in those who are obese.
Using electronic health records from the United Kingdom, researchers identified 2,167 obese adults who had gastric bypass or other type of weight-loss surgery and compared them against 2,167 obese patients who did not have such treatments. Martin Gulliford, a professor of public health at King's College in London, and his colleagues reported that the incidence of diabetes among those who had the surgery was 80 percent less, even after controlling for other risk factors such as smoking and high blood pressure. Up to 3 percent of those who are very obese develop diabetes each year.
Gulliford said in a news release accompanying the publication of the journal article that the results suggest that weight-loss surgery could be a "highly effective method of preventing the onset of new diabetes in men and women with severe obesity."
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Union seeks to represent Divvy workersUnion seeks to represent Divvy workers
Divvy bikes
Redeye
Chanda Blackamore pulls Divvy bikes from an overcrowded Divvy station near 1586 N. Damen Ave on August 27, 2014.
Chanda Blackamore pulls Divvy bikes from an overcrowded Divvy station near 1586 N. Damen Ave on August 27, 2014. (Redeye)
Unions Divvy
Transport Workers Union wants Divvy workers in the fold.
A union seeking to represent workers of Chicago's Divvy bike-sharing program filed an election petition last week with the National Labor Relations Board.

Ebola leading fliers to wash hands  but not cancel0
However, a new poll set to be released this week by Chicago transportation company Go Airport Express suggests consumers are changing behavior, if not their flight plans.
Of 802 respondents who said they were taking precautions, 57 percent noted they were washing hands more frequently,  while 27 percent said were using hand sanitizer. Some respondents said they would pay more attention to their surroundings and the health of fellow travelers, and some indicated they would stay home if they felt ill or had a fever.
Just 3 percent were canceling travel plans altogether, while less than 1 percent noted they planned on wearing protective gloves or face masks.
Meanwhile, 46 percent said they were taking no extra precautions.
Last month, the Global Business Travel Association released a poll that found nearly 80 percent of business-travel managers said international business travel had either not been affected or not been affected much in the past month.
However, a Reuters/Ipsos poll found nearly 80 percent of travelers in general were concerned about the Ebola outbreak. Asked which precautions they were taking in light of the epidemic, almost half said they were avoiding international air travel.
Chicago-based United Airlines and other carriers said during their quarterly earnings conference calls late last month that ongoing Ebola concerns were not affecting bookings.
The most deadly outbreak of Ebola on record has killed nearly 5,000 people, all but a handful of them in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Cases of the virus, which can cause fever, bleeding, vomiting and diarrhea, have been limited in the United States and Europe.

DLF seeks nod to redeem Rs 1600cr from inves...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
DLF seeks Sebi nod to redeem Rs 1600 cr from MF investment
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 09.41PM IST
Tags:
DLF
(DLF today sought Sebi's approval…)
MUMBAI: Real estate giant DLF today sought Sebi's approval to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from its mutual fund investments as it is facing a three-year ban by the market regulator from accessing the capital market.
According to sources, the Delhi-based developer has made the request through an affidavit submitted to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The submission of the affidavit, which seeks to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from the total MF investments that the company has, follows a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, is expected to pronounce its interim order on the affidavit on Wednesday. The final hearing on the matter will begin on December 10.
At the last hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the timeframe, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT had further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
When contacted, DLF refused to comment on the matter, saying the issue is sub-judice. Its senior counsel Janakdwarka Das , too, declined to comment.
The sources, however, confirmed the company has submitted the affidavit for permission to redeem Rs 1,600 crore with the details of funds it needs till December 31, as directed by the tribunal.
On October 14, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

iDeath: New app  Deadline  predicts when you will dieDevelopers of a new app claim it can determine the date of your death by analysing data on your lifestyle, height, blood pressure, sleep and physical activity.
The app, called Deadline, uses iPhone's Healthkit to "determine your date of expiration."
Healthkit tool records statistical information, like the user's height and diastolic blood pressure, and monitors their sleep and the amount of steps they take in a day.
Using this data and a short survey with more questions about their lifestyle, the app determines the approximate date and time of a person's demise, and then counts down how much time they have left, 'bustle.com' reported.
The app's developers Gist LLC pointed out in the product's description, "no app can really accurately determine when you will die."
Instead, the company suggests using the app as a way to monitor your own health and motivate yourself to make better lifestyle choices or consult a physician, if necessary.
Users can change their predicted date of death by following a healthy diet and an active exercise routine.

UP toes the Amma line  mulls  Samajwadi CanteenModi said the replacement to the planning panel must incorporate the concept of 'Team India', which according to him, was a combination of three teams – the PM and CMs, the Union council of ministers and the bureaucracy.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

The resurrected World Trade Center is now openAt 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
The World Trade Center has officially re-opened for business.
On Monday — more than 4,800 days after the 9/11 terrorist attacks felled the Twin Towers and left more than 2,700 people dead — the new 104-story skyscraper at 1 World Trade Center welcomed its first commercial tenant: About 175 employees of Conde Nast, the publishing giant that will eventually fill 24 floors of the $3.9 billion tower.
The World Trade Center’s resurrection, the Associated Press reported , “marked an emotional milestone for both New Yorkers and the nation.”
Today, as we open #OneWTC doors, we remember that strength and courage will always conquer weakness and cowardice. pic.twitter.com/gRxhMSIvys
— Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) November 3, 2014
“One World Trade Center serves as a symbol of the resilience of the people of New York,” Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said in a statement . “Today, as we open its doors for the first time, we remember that strength and courage will always conquer weakness and cowardice, and that the American spirit, defended by proud New Yorkers, will not be defeated. That lesson and that example live on today as powerful as they were 13 years ago.
“This is a tremendous day for all New Yorkers, proving once again that the spirit of resurgence and community lives on stronger than ever before.”
Upon arriving at the building for work, Maryanne Casey, a corporate paralegal for Conde Nast, told the Daily News : “I think it’s spectacular. And I think it’s a great tribute to America to see this. I’m proud to be able to work here.”
Casey told the Wall Street Journal that she worked at the Twin Towers during the 1993 terrorist bombing, eight years before terrorists flew a pair of commercial jetliners into the buildings on Sept. 11, 2001.
Returning, she said, “is bittersweet for me because of what happened here 13 years ago. At the same time, we have to move on and it’s a special moment.”
“To me, it’s really coming full circle,” Vanity Fair publisher Chris Mitchell, who came to the new Monday morning for a meeting, told the Wall Street Journal. “That was such a tragic day and this is such a day of promise.”
A woman uses her I.D. card to enter One World Trade Center on Monday. (Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images)
Only about 5 percent of Conde Nast’s 3,400 employees are in the building now, a corporate spokeswoman told UPI . The rest are still in Times Square. But by early 2015, another 3,000 or so employees will be spread out across 24 floors.
Among the first to arrive Monday: Conde Nast chief executive Charles Townsend, who, according to UPI, will occupy the executive suite on the 42nd floor. (“Vogue editor Anna Wintour and her staff will move in to the 25th floor, while Graydon Carter, editor of Vanity Fair, will be on the 41st,” according to UPI.)
Conde Nast CEO Charles Townsend arrives at One World Trade Center with a senior executive, Patricia Röckenwagner. (Mark Lennihan/Associated Press)
The skyscraper is the tallest and most expensive building in the Western Hemisphere; as The Post’s Jonathan O’Connell reported , its opening highlights Lower Manhattan’s rebirth “as a vibrant, urban neighborhood where people live, shop and eat, rather than just hustle home from white collar jobs.”
Patrick Foye — executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the skyscraper and the World Trade Center site — has called 1 World Trade Center “the most secure office building in America.”
On Monday, according according to the AP , Foye declared: “The New York City skyline is whole again, as 1 World Trade Center takes its place in Lower Manhattan.”
One World Trade Center dominates the lower Manhattan skyline in this view from Jersey City, N.J. (Mark Lennihan/Associated Press)
 
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

India Imports of Salt  Sulphur Stone  Plastering Materials  Lime and Cement fall to US$ 208.09 M in September- 2014India Imports of Salt  Sulphur Stone  Plastering Materials  Lime and Cement fall to US$ 208.09 M in September- 2014
Alto K10 vs EON vs GOAlto K10 vs EON vs GO
L Oreal Q3 like-for-like sales growth misses estimatesL Oreal Q3 like-for-like sales growth misses estimates
http://usat.ly/1wZjBBkFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's
Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 years old this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same
Post to Facebook
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 years old this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYluxc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's
Michael Wolff, USA TODAY 2 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Michael McCarty,  Proprietor, Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan.
(Photo: Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY)
219 CONNECT 135 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same clientele. It's a long time, too, for a media outlet to remain fixed and dominant in its market. And Michael's is as much in the media business as in the restaurant business.
In these 25 years, just about everything in media has been upended, but not Michael's. It's fortunate to provide a particular product of importance to media people: lunch. But, like most media trends and styles, you'd think other restaurants would have come along and offered a newer, cooler, more competitive solution to lunch. Many have tried, but none rival Michael's for its hold on where top-tier, or would be top-tier, television, book, magazine, advertising and PR people, associated celebrities, mogul-class types, anchormen and women, and prominent bylines regularly have their lunch. (Recently, the very familiar face I couldn't quite place turned out to be Oprah.)
Some years ago, after a tiff, the substance of which I can't remember, and sensing that the habits and customs of the media were in radical transition, as well as eager to get with the new program, I stopped going to Michael's. Just swore it off cold, resigned my permanent table. I wandered around to the new places with energetic reputations, some adequate, but none just right. And, anyway, the whole idea of lunch — the two-martini lunch albeit without the martinis — seemed lame and old. Digital people, after all, didn't appear to have lunch or, if so, not salubrious ones.
Then, several years having passed, and at the invitation of someone of a standing that made it inopportune to aggressively negotiate venues, I relented and returned to West 55th Street. And everybody was still there — and at their proper table. My entire career still in one place. Time, Inc. people; network  people; Hearst people; Simon & Schuster; Random House; HarperCollins. I knew more people in the room at Michael's than I knew in my college dining room.
What, I wondered, could all this mean, everybody preserved in amber, this alternative reality unmindful of media's death?
Indeed, this was so startling, and so inviting and reassuring, that after a few more visits back, I started to revise my feelings about the media business as a whole. It wasn't obsolete, it was indomitable. If at first one might have thought the people at lunch were all émigrés, White Russian-like, from a nation in revolutionary turmoil, I began to think that instead they might represent a grand reserve of constancy and staying power.
The young and the digital might want to wish the established and powerful away, and yet they were still all here at lunch.
Part of the objection and hostility on the part of the young and the digital to the mainstream media business has been that it is an insider's game, a clubby place. And nothing might confirm that as much as Michael's, where everybody knows everybody, and the pecking order is laid out proudly. (The digitalization and Brooklynization of so much of the media business has — enhancing the resentment — meant that the new generation can't afford Michael's.)
But as digital has become itself an overbearing establishment, occupying ever-great pieces of Manhattan real estate, this old order seemed, with a little critical interpretation, not only to have a nostalgic grace, but to be something of an important counterweight.
Between, say, BuzzFeed, with its data-driven pandering and voracious appetite for traffic (i.e. ratings), and television, why not choose television? It pays more and has grown into something quite adult and worthy.
Still, the center is really not supposed to hold like this, certainly not this firmly, certainly not in the very same place.
Perhaps the media business, as much as the restaurant industry, remains a function of location. Before Michael's opened in the fall of 1989, on the same spot stood the Italian Pavilion, where my ad man dad took me in the 1960s and pointed out William Paley, the chairman of CBS, and his deputy, Frank Stanton, then the two most powerful people in the media business. Even as much of the media has moved out of midtown, there is some sense memory that brings it back to the Mad Men epicenter.
And perhaps it's a kind of much-needed comfort zone: When everything is changing, it's a powerful contrarian position to stay the same. If the customers have remained unchanged, so has, even more strikingly, Michael's staff. There are no unexpected faces greeting you here. Michael himself — Michael McCarty — sweeping the room with a bone-crunching grip, a rub on the back and a shake of his unaging mop top, commutes back and forth every week between this Michael's and one in Santa Monica. Michael's is a movie setting, one from that Manhattan heyday in the 1940s when at least movie life in New York always seemed gathered around someplace with a maître d' who knew everyone who was anybody.
And then, in Manhattan, the clubbiest place on earth, it is wise not to discount the draw of rituals and propriety, of exclusivity, of having made it across invisible but difficult hurdles from the outside to the inside.
The media hoi polloi, and the super snobbish — an affect I tried to cultivate during my period of exile— disdain Michael's, often for want of an invitation, or fear of a bad table. But more and more, I see the digital people creeping in. As change accelerates, it would seem a lost opportunity not to glimpse the media as it was, perhaps as it should be. Michael's cannot be here forever after all. Or can it?
219 CONNECT 135 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wYluxc

Australia gets ready for Modi visit: To run special train  release GujaratifilmNarendra Modi will land in Australia on November 15.
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:35 am
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi set to travel to Australia on November 15 for the G-20 summit and a bilateral visit, ‘Modi mania’ has gripped Down Under.
Among the things being planned is a special train, the ‘Modi Express’, which will run from Melbourne to Sydney, a grand reception by the Indian community in Sydney’s Allphones Arena, a state banquet at Melbourne Cricket Ground and a joint parliamentary session in Canberra. A Gujarati film is also being released to coincide with the visit.
In a first for an Indian PM, Modi will visit four cities in four days. The last Indian PM to visit Australia was Rajiv Gandhi in 1986.
For the visit, Modi is said to have incorporated suggestions from the Indian community, which sent him messages and suggestions through the website, http://www.mygov.in .
Modi, who will reach Brisbane for the G-20 summit directly from Myanmar’s capital Nay Pyi Taw, is expected to meet a host of world leaders on the sidelines in Australia, including British PM David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
After attending the G-20 summit on November 15 and 16, Modi will go to Sydney on November 17, where he will address the Indian community at the state-of-the-art indoor stadium, the Allphones Arena, which has hosted concerts of musicians Pitbull, Ricky Martin, Rihanna and Mariah Carey in the past. Pop star Katy Perry will perform at the venue a few days after Modi’s visit.
The Indian community is planning to organise an exhibition on people’s migration from India to Australia about 5,000 years ago. A special train called the ‘Modi Express’ will take hundreds of Indians 870-km from Melbourne to Sydney for the event. The train will leave Melbourne’s Southern Cross Station at 8.30 pm on November 16. “This is a tribute to Modi ji’s travels on trains as a BJP and RSS functionary,” a BJP functionary said.
Modi will travel to Canberra on November 17 night. On November 18, he will have a bilateral meeting with Australian PM Tony Abbott, during which they are expected to take forward the discussions they had in September when Abbott visited India.
Modi will address a joint session of the Australian parliament the same day.
Later, on November 18 evening, Abbott will host Modi for a state banquet at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Abbott is likely to give Modi a tour of the MCG, considered the Mecca of Australian cricket. The Australian government is planning to invite about 1,000 eminent people and Modi is expected to address them at the stadium.
The Indian community also plans to release a recent Gujarati film, Bey Yaar (Two friends), in Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney during Modi’s visit.

JD(U) expels 4 rebels for cross-voting in RSpollsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:29 am
The JD(U) on Monday expelled four rebel leaders, days after the Bihar Assembly Speaker terminated their membership for cross-voting during the Rajya Sabha bypolls.
The four former MLAs — Gyanendra Singh Gyanu, Ravindra Rai, Rahul Sharma and Niraj Kumar Singh —have, however, moved the Patna High Court against the Speaker’s decision.
JD(U) state president Bashistha Narayan Singh said the party expelled the four leaders for anti-party activities. They had cross-voted in the recent Rajya Sabha bypolls, forcing Nitish Kumar to seek RJD’s help to ensure victory of his party’s three nominees.
Reacting to the development, the four said that their expulsion was “expected as the party played a role in terminating their Assembly membership.”
Former Barh MLA Gyanendra Singh said: “The state president is rubber stamp of Nitish Kumar. The Speaker’s decision is a mockery of the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.”
The four ex-MLAs have also filed a joint plea in the Patna High Court against termination of their membership. Talking to The Indian Express, former Chhatapur MLA Niraj Kumar said, “We moved the Patna HC today against the Speaker’s order. We have prayed the order didn’t take into consideration that we had not violated any provision of the 10th Schedule during the cross-voting.”
The 10th Schedule of the Constitution allows disqualification on ground of defection if the lawmaker votes or abstains from voting in the House contrary to the direction issued by the political party to which he/she belongs. However, no whip was issued by JD(U) before the Rajya Sabha byelections.
Bihar Assembly Speaker on Saturday had cancelled the membership of the MLAs. Though 18 JD(U) MLAs had cross-voted during the RS polls, JD(U) had complained to the Speaker against Gyanendra Singh, Niraj Kumar, Ravindra Rai (Mahua) and Rahul Sharma (Ghoshi).

GOP sweep could spur stocks  market pro saysU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

http://usat.ly/1wZrcQ7Photo by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images
Q: Should I chase GoPro?
A: GoPro (GPRO) has everything stock speculators look for: Big gains and lots of buzz. But one thing it doesn’t have is an attractive stock price.
GoPro is the latest maker of trendy gadgets so popular they command premium pricing over competitors’ offerings. Investors love companies with pricing power because much of that flows right to the bottom line, especially if there’s strong demand. Shares of GoPro are up 221% from the initial offering price of $24 a share from late June. Even investors who piled on and bought at the first day closing price of $31.34 are up 146%.
Earnings growth has been stellar to be sure. The company posted an adjusted profit of 12 cents a share for the September quarter, beating expectations by 50%. Meanwhile, revenue jumped 46% to $280 million, which is the kind of tremendous growth investors crave. But the problem is this stock’s rise has already baked in all this good news and then some. The stock is trading for 249 times its earnings over the past 12 months, which is well above the roughly 16 multiple of the Standard & Poor’s 500. Even more alarming, GoPro’s closing price on Friday at $77.10 is just 2% below analysts’ 18-month price targets.  That’s not much upside for a stock that’s this risky.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

http://bit.ly/1qmrlY8We've Been Storing Our Beer All Wrong
Somebody's Heine crowdin' your icebox? Here's how to fix it.
Matthew Zahnzinger
November 03, 2014
Modern living is increasingly about spatial efficiency —doing more with less. But when it comes to food storage, that can get tricky. A lot of food is short and wide (pizza boxes, leftovers in Tupperware) or tall and skinny (milk, condiments), and playing Tetris with your consumables isn't much fun.
Brian Conti with a Strong Like Bull throw magnet. View Larger
Luckily, design engineer Brian Conti has decided to tackle the problem head on.
In addition to his day job, Conti has also founded two companies of his own— Spoke Design and Strong Like Bull Magnets —to pursue his own personal design projects.
The inspiration for his fifth and most recent Kickstarter project was born of necessity and grounded in his ample experience with strong magnets.
“The introduction of a 6-pack or 12-pack of bottled beverages into my refrigerator creates space havoc," he said. "After some thought, it was obvious that there was a lot of unused space at the top.” Thus the bottleLoft magnetic bottle hanger was born.
Here's how it works: Each bottleLoft strip includes three custom-sized neodymium magnets surrounded by steel cups, and sticks to the roof of your fridge with adhesive backing. Any bottle with a ferrous metal lid simply snaps into place, floating effortlessly above the rest of your food.
RELATED: The Coolest Ways to Store Your Wine
If you’re worried about spills, don’t be: Conti says each magnet is capable of holding more than 50 pounds. Regardless of what you’re drinking—be it Bud, Starbucks, or Dr. Pepper—you can safely assume it won’t be that heavy.
What’s more, the adhesive backing is a VHB (very high bond) tape graded for low-temperature environments, and according to Conti, it's rated to hold 110 pounds per square inch. Since the strips are eight inches long, that makes them good for 880 pounds under ideal conditions.
You don’t have to take our word for it. Conti even set up a makeshift earthquake simulator to test the strength of his creation:
Conti's campaign has been a smashing success, more than doubling its $20,000 goal in three weeks. With a little under a week to go, it seems safe to say that this is a ground floor worth getting in on.
Johnny Catch Magnetic Bottle Opener
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

ALDI heats up competition in food retailaldi heats up competition in food retail
Datsun GO  Swift fail global crash testsDatsun GO  Swift fail global crash tests
Norway: Braced for a new wave of investment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52cc338e-633f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A pianist asked The Washington Post to remove a critical concert review under the E.U.s right ot be forgotten rulingBy Caitlin Dewey October 31 Follow @caitlindewey
(Google)
The pianist Dejan Lazic , like many artists and performers, is occasionally the subject of bad reviews. Also like other artists, he reads those reviews. And disagrees with them. And gripes over them, sometimes.
But because Lazic lives in Europe, where in May the European Union ruled that individuals have a “right to be forgotten” online, he decided to take the griping one step further: On Oct. 30, he sent The Washington Post a request to remove a 2010 review by Post classical music critic Anne Midgette  that – he claims — has marred the first page of his Google results for years.
( Read Anne Midgette’s review here )
It’s the first request The Post has received under the E.U. ruling. It’s also a truly fascinating, troubling demonstration of how the ruling could work.
“To wish for such an article to be removed from the internet has absolutely nothing to do with censorship or with closing down our access to information,” Lazic explained in a follow-up e-mail to The Post. Instead, he argued, it has to do with control of one’s personal image — control of, as he puts it, “the truth.”
For those of you who have forgotten (heh) the details of the “right to be forgotten” since the E.U. enshrined it in May, the basic premise is this: Individuals have the right to their personal information, so they should also have some control over their personal search results. If a search for your name on Google or Bing turns up “inadequate, irrelevant or … excessive” links, the court ruled, you should be able to ask the search engine to remove them.
Leaving aside the fact that Lazic’s request is misdirected, under the ruling — it applies to search engines, not publishers, and only within the E.U. — its implications are kind of terrifying. We ought to live in a world, Lazic argues, where everyone — not only artists and performers but also politicians and public officials — should be able to edit the record according to their personal opinions and tastes. (“Politicians are people just like you and me,” he explains.) This is all in pursuit of some higher, objective truth.
Of course, there are two truths in this situation, as there are two or more truths in most.
In Lazic’s version, Midgette mischaracterized his 2010 performance at the Kennedy Center and slandered him as a performer, out of ignorance or malice. (“Defamatory, mean-spirited, opinionated, one-sided, offensive [and] simply irrelevant for the arts,” is how he put it.)
In Midgette’s version, Lazic’s performance wasn’t dreadful, but it didn’t live up to what she expected of a performer with, to quote the review, such “prodigious gifts.” So she gave him a tepid review, peppered with references to Lazic’s achievements. Not eviscerating. Not a “slam.” But a criticism, sure.
“I tried to make it very clear in my review that I thought this was a pianist of significant ability, and for that I thought he could do better than he did,” Midgette said. From the review:
His recital of Chopin and Schubert on Saturday was unfortunately on the same spectrum. The selection of those two composers is usually a way to demonstrate a pianist’s sensitivity as well as his virtuosity. This performance, though, kept one eye fixed on monumentality. Some of the pieces, such as Chopin’s Scherzo No. 2, sounded less like light solo piano works than an attempt to rival the volume of a concerto with full orchestra. This scherzo became cartoon-like in its lurches from minutely small to very, very large.
It’s not that Lazic isn’t sensitive – or profoundly gifted. The very first notes of Chopin’s Andante Spianato and Grande Polonaise Brillante at the start of the program signalled that he can do anything he wants at the keyboard, detailing chords with a jeweler’s precision, then laying little curls of notes atop a cushion of sound like diamonds nestled on velvet. Again and again, throughout the afternoon, he showed what a range of colors he could get out of the instrument, switching from hard-edged percussiveness to creamy legato, crackling chords to a single thread of sound. The sheer technical ability was, at first, a delight.
Whose truth is right: the composer’s or the critic’s? And more critically, who gets to decide?
It’s a question that goes far beyond law or ethics, frankly — it’s also baldly metaphysical, a struggle with the very concept of reality and its determinants. Lazic (and to some extent, the European court) seem to believe that the individual has the power to determine what is true about himself, as mediated by the search engines that process his complaints.
Accordingly, in the three months after the “right to be forgotten” ruling went into effect, Google approved 53 percent of take-down requests on first application, and an additional 15 percent upon further review.
Those removals included articles from the Guardian about a former Scottish soccer referee who lied about granting a penalty kick, a BBC article that discussed a Merrill Lynch banker’s role in the financial crisis, and a report in the Daily Mail about an airline that had been accused of racism by a Muslim job applicant. And they proceeded despite the fact that, as Google complained in a filing to regulators, “in many cases we lack the larger factual context for a request, without which it is difficult to balance competing interests.”
Of course, all that balancing and fact-gathering is generally outsourced to journalists. Now, at least in Europe, there’s a sense that personally involved individuals are somehow furthest from bias, somehow closest the truth.
“I so often listen to a concert, and then the next day read about it in the newspapers — read something that is simply too far from the truth,” Lazic complained. “This is something I, as an artist, am seeking and looking for my whole life: the truth.”
Never mind that such an attitude torpedoes the very foundation of arts criticism, a pursuit that even Lazic says makes us “better off as a society.” Never mind that it essentially invalidates the primary function of journalism, which is to sift through competing, individual storylines for the one that most closely mirrors a collective reality. Or that it undermines the greatest power of the Web, as a record and a clearinghouse for our vast intellectual output.
“I can’t imagine that journalism would have to abide by such strictures,” Midgette said. “Once something is in a paper, it’s a matter of public record, and then it’s on the record for better or worse; isn’t that so?”
It’s so in the United States, at least. But Europe seems to have different priorities for truth.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Weekend Roundup: Why the Arab Spring is Still Flowering in Tunisiareddit
The savagery of ISIS, the slaughterhouse of Syria's civil war, the marauding militias in Libya and the restored autocracy in Egypt have devoured the hopes of the Facebook generation that spawned the Arab Spring. In Tunisia alone the spirit of the Jasmine Revolution still flowers.
While the character of Tunisian society and culture has much to celebrate with its success, including just-completed peaceful elections that favored the main secular party, there is another factor: the absence of outside intervention, particularly from the West.
In The WorldPost this week Rafik Abdessalem , Tunisia's former foreign minister, explains why despotism will never return to his country. Soumaya Ghannoushi argues that the many years that activists from the moderate Islamist Ennahdha Party spent in exile abroad taught them "the art of compromise and consensus, which may be the hallmark of the nascent Tunisian political model." Jonathan Labin , head of Middle East, Africa and Pakistan for Facebook, chronicles how the same social media that fomented political upheaval is now connecting young people in the region to jobs.
From Istanbul, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports on violent student clashes at Istanbul University, where the war in neighboring Syria has begun to make its way into the classroom. She also reports on how the recent attack on security personnel in the Sinai has prompted a stronger crackdown on dissent in Egypt.
In another seminal election this week, Ukrainian voters tilted decisively westward. The French philosopher and champion of the Maidan movement, Bernard-Henri Lévy , discusses the significance of standing behind Kiev as it faces down Vladimir Putin. Writing from Moscow, Georgy Bovt sees disaster ahead as Russian and Western elites are no longer able to understand or even listen to each other. Writing from Tbilisi, Ghia Nodia bluntly opines that "the West can offer no conceivable partnership terms that Putin would accept." As if to prove him right, Vladimir Putin lashed out at the Valdai International Discussion Club in Sochi, blaming the West for instigating world disorder.
Writing from Moscow, Elena Chernenko , Vladislav Novyii and Ivan Safronov report that when Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi meet in Beijing next week at the APEC summit, they will likely sign a "digital non-aggression pact" that underscores how they see eye to eye on cybersecurity.
From Mexico City, Homero Aridjis expresses the exploding outrage across the country at the spiraling violence wrought by political corruption and drug cartels, most recently in the state of Guerrero where 43 students are missing and presumed dead .
In this week's Forgotten Fact series, The WorldPost turns to Mexico and breaks down some of the key numbers so readers can better understand the violence rocking the country.
Writing from Beijing, Lijia Zhang traces the impressive advance of women in China through the experiences of her own mother and grandmother. Artist Jia declares that she agrees with the recent statement of Xi Jinping that he has had enough of "weird" architecture in China as traditional buildings are torn down for Western-style development. WorldPost China Correspondent Matt Sheehan reports on how the continuing protests in Hong Kong are dividing the city. He also takes WorldPost readers  behind the Mong Kok barricades, chronicling a 24-hour stretch with ongoing updates and photos. Human rights lawyer Gladys Li decries the historically incorrect collaboration of Hong Kong tycoons with Beijing Communists to deny full democracy to citizens. Meanwhile, Keping Yu , a key official of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee, explains that, while China is not moving toward multi-party elections, political reform that is decentralizing and balancing power is nonetheless extensive. Minxin Pei doubts that the rule of law can be squared with rule by one party.
As the Ebola scare in the U.S. begins to ebb, Sriram Shamasunder and Phuoc Le criticize the lack of support medical and public health professionals in the U.S. are getting for their efforts to fight Ebola in West Africa.
On another health front, Bartow Elmore documents how the Coca-Cola Company is coping with the American attack on obesity by ramping up sales of its full-calorie brands in overseas markets.
In the third episode of Tree Media's "Green World Rising" series, actor Leonardo DiCaprio posits that green tech can soon meet 100 percent of global energy needs.
In an interview, Peruvian novelist and Nobel Laureate Mario Vargas Llosa observes that the combination of religious hatred and "secular cynicism" sweeping the world is nourishing "monsters" like ISIS.
Finally, moral philosopher Peter Singer cautions that we are becoming "too cautious" about technological advance. "Skepticism can be lethal," he says.
WHO WE ARE
EDITORS: Nathan Gardels, Senior Advisor to the Berggruen Institute on Governance and the long-time editor of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of the Los Angeles Times Syndicate/Tribune Media, is the Editor-in-Chief of The WorldPost. Farah Mohamed is the Managing Editor of The WorldPost. Kathleen Miles is the Senior Editor of the WorldPost. Alex Gardels is the Associate Editor of The WorldPost. Nicholas Sabloff is the Executive International Editor at the Huffington Post, overseeing The WorldPost and HuffPost's 10 international editions. Eline Gordts is HuffPost's Senior World Editor.
CORRESPONDENTS: Sophia Jones in Istanbul; Matt Sheehan in Beijing.
EDITORIAL BOARD: Nicolas Berggruen, Nathan Gardels, Arianna Huffington, Eric Schmidt (Google Inc.), Pierre Omidyar (First Look Media) Juan Luis Cebrian (El Pais/PRISA), Walter Isaacson (Aspen Institute/TIME-CNN), John Elkann (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa), Wadah Khanfar (Al Jazeera), Dileep Padgaonkar (Times of India) and Yoichi Funabashi (Asahi Shimbun).
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS: Moises Naim (former editor of Foreign Policy), Nayan Chanda (Yale/Global; Far Eastern Economic Review) and Katherine Keating (One-On-One). Sergio Munoz Bata and Parag Khanna are Contributing Editors-At-Large.
The Asia Society and its ChinaFile, edited by Orville Schell, is our primary partner on Asia coverage. Eric X. Li and the Chunqiu Institute/Fudan University in Shanghai and Guancha.cn also provide first person voices from China. We also draw on the content of China Digital Times. Seung-yoon Lee is The WorldPost link in South Korea.
Jared Cohen of Google Ideas provides regular commentary from young thinkers, leaders and activists around the globe. Bruce Mau provides regular columns from MassiveChangeNetwork.com on the "whole mind" way of thinking. Patrick Soon-Shiong is Contributing Editor for Health and Medicine.
ADVISORY COUNCIL: Members of the Berggruen Institute's 21st Century Council and Council for the Future of Europe serve as the Advisory Council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site. These include, Jacques Attali, Shaukat Aziz, Gordon Brown, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Juan Luis Cebrian, Jack Dorsey, Mohamed El-Erian, Francis Fukuyama, Felipe Gonzalez, John Gray, Reid Hoffman, Fred Hu, Mo Ibrahim, Alexei Kudrin, Pascal Lamy, Kishore Mahbubani, Alain Minc, Dambisa Moyo, Laura Tyson, Elon Musk, Pierre Omidyar, Raghuram Rajan, Nouriel Roubini, Nicolas Sarkozy, Eric Schmidt, Gerhard Schroeder, Peter Schwartz, Amartya Sen, Jeff Skoll, Michael Spence, Joe Stiglitz, Larry Summers, Wu Jianmin, George Yeo, Fareed Zakaria, Ernesto Zedillo, Ahmed Zewail,  and Zheng Bijian.
From the Europe group, these include: Marek Belka, Tony Blair, Jacques Delors, Niall Ferguson, Anthony Giddens, Otmar Issing, Mario Monti, Robert Mundell, Peter Sutherland and Guy Verhofstadt.
MISSION STATEMENT
The WorldPost is a global media bridge that seeks to connect the world and connect the dots.  Gathering together top editors and first person contributors from all corners of the planet, we aspire to be the one publication where the whole world meets.
We not only deliver breaking news from the best sources with original reportage on the ground and user-generated content; we bring the best minds and most authoritative as well as fresh and new voices together to make sense of events from a global perspective looking around, not a national perspective looking out.
More:

Zombie Brands: The Science Behind Undead Market Iconsreddit
- A Halloween monster-mash co-authored with Tatiana Astray, Ana Babic, Anton Siebert, and Ela Veresiu of the Schulich School of Business marketing department
When companies and products die, their brands often live on. From Napster and Pan Am to Woolworth and Mister Donut - zombie brands abound. They have been resuscitated, redefined, or kept alive by unusual means.
However, zombie brands are not all made from the same cloth. Some are brought back as nostalgic fashion icons, others have been sustained by passionate fans. Yet others simply continue exist in other parts of the world or in our imagination. A brief journey into the world of zombie brands and the consumer science behind them:
Titanic: Disaster Zombie Brands
Why is Titanic such a bewitching brand, despite its sad origin story as the "unsinkable" steamship that sank in its maiden voyage? One popular explanation is the brand's resurrection through James Cameron's 1997 epic romantic film Titanic that is the second highest grossing movie of all time worldwide with an estimated $2.185 billion in earnings. A second popular reason is our society's morbid fascination with people and places associated with death, disaster, and devastation. This has created a profitable global industry known as dark tourism, which features deathly destinations such as London's Jack The Ripper Tour, San Francisco's Alcatraz Island, U.S.A Gettysburg Battlefield, or Italy's The Lost City of Pompeii. However, according to a recent study published in the Journal of Consumer Research, the key to unlocking this branding mystery lies first and foremost in the story's ambiguity. Consumer researchers Stephen Brown, Pierre McDonagh, and Clifford J. Shultz II find that "a spectrum of Titanic ambiguities, from confusion through contradiction to cumulation" help keep consumers' entertained by allowing their imagination and creativity to run wild. In the end, don't we all need a little more mystery to spice up our daily lives?
JFK: Celebrity Zombie brands
The John F. Kennedy story is the perfect American story. You start off with humble beginnings, followed by a period of hard work, and finally the attainment of power. There is romance, the pursuit of ideals, the lurking of danger, and ultimately death at the height of one's panicle! It is no wonder that the "Kenny" story continues to haunt the collective conscious through films, documentaries, and books. However, outside of our voyeuristic desires to know more about Kenny there is a hunting belief among us. We tend to believe that Kenney's essence lives on in the objects he once owned, and you can buy this essence, for the right price of course. A few years ago, John F. Kennedy's golf clubs were auctioned off for over $1 million and his Air Force One bomber jacket for over half a million. Consumer researchers George E. Newman, Gil Diesendruck and Paul Bloom have looked at why people buy objects owned by celebrities in a recent Journal of Consumer Research study . The authors found that people tend to believe that one's essence can be transferred to objects, and that when it comes to willingness to pay, this belief played a critical factor when participants were determining the value of a celebrity's object. Alas, whether you believe in ghosts or not, we can safely say that whoever has those clubs and jacket also has a little bit of Kenney's essence with them, no?"
Mister Donut: International Zombie Brands
Following a 35-year success story from selling doughnuts on the streets of Boston to becoming the second biggest doughnut chain in North America, Mister Donut faced a deadly challenge in the early 90s. New owner Allied-Lyons offered all stores the opportunity to convert to Dunkin' Donuts, the leading doughnut chain. In the blink of an eye, Mister Donut was erased from the American commercial landscape. Luckily, there was a glimmer of hope elsewhere. In 1983, Duskin Co. Ltd of Japan acquired Mister Donut's sales and trademark rights for Asia and began to open stores in Japan. The adoption of Western products by local consumers is often linked to a global trickle-down model. In this model, consumers around the world emulate Western goods, lifestyles, and practices in the hope of becoming "modern" consumers who enjoy the "good" (i.e., Western) consumer life. But how can it be that a brand like Mister Donut flourishes in Japan even after it has been entirely removed from its Western country of origin? A study in the Journal of Consumer Research can help provide an answer. The global spread of Western consumer culture, such as the doughnut and coffee culture, provides "an identity space where certain products and symbols can become representative," say consumer researchers Dannie Kjeldgaard and Soren Askegaard. To become the brand that is representative of this identity space and hence flourish in a foreign market requires a successful adaptation to local cultures and consumers. Brands then acquire lives of their own in foreign markets, more or less connected to their origins, and sometimes even without any material existence back home. As Mister Donut's over 1,300 stores in Japan and zero stores in North America demonstrate, a brand can be dead in one place, but incredibly alive in another.
Apple Newton: Fan-Managed Zombie Brands
Just like zombies that never die and in one way or another feed on humans, this brand has been alive long since its plug had officially been pulled back in 1998. As we know from brand experts Albert Muñiz and Hope Schau, consumers' attachment to a product or brand can sometimes survive its abandonment by the marketer. In a Journal of Consumer Research article , they illustrate the power of consumer narratives and the enduring human need for religious affiliation. Religious, you may ask? Yes! Newton fans faithfully resisted against modernity and a world which would not include their beloved personal digital assistant. They deemed the product mystical, supernatural, and perfect despite the fact that it failed in the marketplace. Much like stories about zombies, legends were told about this product surviving extreme conditions that should have destroyed it -- such as falling from the roof of a speeding car. Another recurring theme in online communities dedicated to the Newton was resurrection -- people strongly believed that it will one day return. Fans' storytelling resembled urban legends stemming from unconfirmed rumors and accounted by unidentified witnesses. Sometimes these rumors can spread like wildfire. Remember the rumor about the sewer alligator in New York City? Remember the mass-poisoning rumors in Europe in the early 1990s that led consumers to avoid all foods from the list supposedly issued by a hospital in Villejuif (France)? Remember the stories about the P&G's satanic logo? Now, remember that time someone mentioned they saw an Apple-Newton-like device in the hands of a Disneyland employee four years after Apple had abandoned it? Fan stories like these kept the brand alive, albeit on life support. A discontinued, zombie-like formation that was stripped of the potential to foster new life, new brand extensions, new memories. While the rumors of Apple Newton's reintroduction to the market were in the end just rumors, some 20,000 Newton fans are still defying the marketplace norms by continuing to use the product till this day.
Pan Am: Nostalgic Zombie Brands
George Carlin, the late American comedian and social critic, stated that "America has no now... Our culture is composed of sequels, reruns, remakes, revivals, reissues, re-releases, recreations, re-enactments, adaptations, anniversaries, memorabilia, oldies radio, and nostalgia record collections." There is just something about the past that brings us comfort, makes us feel better about ourselves, and can even make us more empathetic. Marketing professors Morris Holbrook and Robert Schindler were among the first to show that consumers maintain, sometimes for the rest of their lives, those early imprinted preferences toward people, places or things that were common when they were younger. At a broader, societal level we sometimes experience communal nostalgia in the wake of world-changing events such as wars, revolutions, or environmental catastrophes. As consumer researchers Stephen Brown, Rob Kozinets, and John Sherry have demonstrated, consumers can resort to retro brands in order to connect to the communities which once upon a time shared those brands. In the Journal of Marketing, Brown, Kozinets, and Sherry explain that consumers interact with the cultural meanings of cult, nostalgic brands and expand them into social universes composed of stories. Few better examples exist of stories about "the yearning for what is gone but not forgotten" than that of Pan American Airways. Founded in 1927, Pan Am soon grew to be the principal international air carrier in the United States. Besides for its industry innovations, such as using computerized reservation systems and jet aircrafts, Pan Am was known as a cultural icon of the 20th century. It fostered high levels of customer commitment and developed strong ties to popular culture of the Cold War era. A well-remembered instance was the Beatles' landing to the John F. Kennedy airport aboard Pan Am's Clipper Defiance aircraft back in 1964. Largely due to mid-century nostalgia, the Pan Am brand was kept alive even after it was sold to Delta Air Lines in 1991. The brand was revived in 2011, when the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) aired a TV show titled Pan Am. In 2013, a nostalgia flagship store opened in Miami, FL called Pan Am & First Flight Out, which features model airplanes, old props, travel carry-ons, passport covers, and even chocolate wrapped in Pan-Am-themed packaging. In early 2014, Pan Am announced a possible reintegration of the brand which will once again provide scheduled airline services. This nostalgic zombie brand seems to have managed its meanings well among consumer communities and is coming back due to popular demand.
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

What Employees Want and How to Give It to Themreddit
You want to be generous and flexible with your employees. Why wouldn't you? Everybody is working harder. Everybody is under more pressure. Everybody needs more than what they are getting.
If you are the boss, one of the most important parts of your job is taking care of your people. Remember, people work to take care of themselves and their families. They want your help. Some managers consistently do more for their employees. If you're not one of those managers, what is your problem?
What are the key elements of every job that employees typically care about? Based on more than twenty years of research conducted by my company RainmakerThinking, Inc., including hundreds of thousands of respondents, this is what employees care about:
The ability to earn more money. This is all about the compensation package. What is the base pay and the value of the benefits? How much of the pay is fixed? How much is contingent on clear performance benchmarks tied directly to concrete actions the individual employee can control? What are the levers for driving the pay up or down?
More control over their own schedules. What is the default schedule? How much flexibility is there? What are the levers for achieving more or less scheduling flexibility?
Relationships at work. Who will the employee be working with? Which vendors, customers, coworkers, subordinates, and managers? What are the levers for controlling who the employee has a chance to work with (and/or avoid)?
Task choice.  Which regular tasks and responsibilities will the employee be assigned to do? How much of it is "grunt work" (tedious or otherwise difficult recurring tasks)? Are there any special projects? What are the levers for controlling the employee's opportunities to work on more choice tasks, responsibilities, or projects?
Learning opportunities. What basic skills and knowledge will the employee be learning in order to handle his basic tasks and responsibilities? Will there be any special learning opportunities? What are the levers for controlling access to those special learning opportunities?
Location and workspace. Where will the employee be located? How much control will the employee have over his workspace? Will there be much travel? Are there opportunities to be transferred to other locations? What are the levers for controlling these location issues? Within a given workspace, how much latitude will the employee have to customize his/her immediate surroundings?
Most employees have a considerable desire and interest in customizing some or all of these key elements. When you find out what a particular employee really needs or wants from you, it is like finding a needle in a haystack.  How do you make those needles work for you as supersonic bargaining chips? Leverage them for everything they are worth to make win-win custom deals whenever you possibly can.
"You don't want to work on Thursday? I'm glad to know that. Here's what I need from you by Wednesday at midnight."
"You want your own office? Here's what I need from you."
"You want to bring your dog to work? Great. Here's what I need from you."
"You want to have lunch with the senior VP? Here's what I need from you."
When managers are able to do that, they are giving the employee control over her rewards by spelling out exactly what she needs to do to earn them. In exchange, the employee will probably be willing to do a lot -- to work longer, harder, smarter, faster, or better -- and you will provide her with an immediate reward that is uniquely valuable to her.
Follow Bruce Tulgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BruceTulgan
More:

Virgin Galactic Space Ship Crashes During Test Flightreddit
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo space plane crashed during a test flight over California's Mojave Desert this afternoon, the company said.
A report issued by the California Highway Patrol indicated that one pilot died and another suffered a major injury, the Associated Press reported. At a press conference on Friday afternoon, Kern County Sheriff's spokesman Ray Pruitt said that the injured pilot had ejected from the craft, and was "doing as well as can be expected" at the hospital.
The company said White Knight Two, the jet-powered craft used to launch the space plane, landed safely. The debris field from the space plane covered several miles, Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said. Mojave Air and Space Port CEO Stuart Witt said at the press conference that flight crews had "detected nothing that appeared abnormal" before the crash. "The test community is very small. We are human, and it hurts," CEO of Mojave Air and Space Port said of the incident.
More details from the Associated Press :
The accident occurred just as it seemed space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
When Virgin Group licensed the technology from Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, who funded about $26 million for SpaceShipOne, Branson envisioned operating flights by 2007. In interviews last month, he talked about the first flight being next spring with his son.
"It's a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon," said John Logsdon, retired space policy director at George Washington University. "There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand."
Friday's flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a line of craft. But this was only the fourth flight to be powered by a rocket. During the other flights, the craft was either not released from its mother ship or it functioned as a glider.
SpaceShipTwo was designed to provide a suborbital thrill ride into space before returning to Earth as a glider. At 60 feet long, it featured two large windows for each of up to six passengers, one on the side and one overhead.
The cause of the accident was not immediately known. One difference on this flight was the type of fuel being used.
In May, Virgin Galactic announced that SpaceShipTwo would switch to a polymide-based fuel -- a type of thermoplastic. It had been fueled with a type of rubber called HTPB.
Scaled Composites, the company that is building the spaceship for Virgin Galactic, had extensively tested the new fuel formulation on the ground, President Kevin Mickey said. He said the rocket motor configuration had not changed on this flight and characterized the new fuel as "a small nuance to the design."
Officials said they had not noticed anything wrong before the flight.
"I detected nothing that appeared abnormal," said Stuart Witt, CEO of the Mojave Air and Space Port.
Virgin Galactic -- owned by Branson's Virgin Group and Aabar Investments PJS of Abu Dhabi -- sells seats on each prospective journey for $250,000, with full payment due at the time of booking. The company says that "future astronauts," as it calls customers, have visited Branson's Caribbean home, Necker Island, and gone through G-force training.
Stephen Hawking, Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand are among the celebrities to sign up for flights. Virgin Galactic reports taking deposits totaling more than $80 million from about 700 people.
A related venture, The Spaceship Co., is responsible for building Virgin Galactic's space vehicles.
During testing for the development of a rocket motor for SpaceShipTwo in July 2007, an explosion at the Mojave spaceport killed three workers and critically injured three others. A California Division of Occupational Safety and Health report said the blast occurred three seconds after the start of a cold-flow test of nitrous oxide -- commonly known as laughing gas -- which is used in the propulsion system of SpaceShipTwo. The engine was not firing during that test.
Friday's accident was the second this week involving private space flight. On Tuesday, an unmanned commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff from a launch site in Virginia.
Virgin Galactic had planned to launch space tourism flights from the quarter-billion-dollar Spaceport America in southern New Mexico once it finished developing its rocket ship.
Christine Anderson, executive director of the New Mexico Spaceport Authority, did not want to comment on the events unfolding Friday in the California desert or what effect they might have on Spaceport America and the future of commercial space travel.
Virgin Galactic is in line to be the main tenant at the spaceport that was built specifically to launch paying customers into space, a dream of Branson's. His company has repeatedly pushed back the timetable for when the $250,000 flights were to begin, pointing to delays in development and testing of the rocket ship.
Taxpayers footed the bill to build the state-of-the-art hangar and runway in a remote stretch of desert in southern New Mexico as part of a plan devised by Branson and former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson. Critics have long challenged the state's investment, questioning whether flights would ever get off the ground.
SpaceShipTwo is based on aerospace design maverick Burt Rutan's award-winning SpaceShipOne prototype, which became the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space in 2004.
"It's an enormously sad day for a company," Burt Rutan told The Associated Press in a call from his home in Idaho, where he lives since retiring.
Debris from Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo after its crash in the Mojave Desert. Courtesy of KABC .
In this image from video by KABC-TV Los Angeles, a rescue crew carries a person on a stretcher to a waiting helicopter near the scene of a crash of the SpaceShipTwo in Southern California's Mojave Desert on Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.
Photos of today's incident involving Virgin Galactic's #SpaceShipTwo pic.twitter.com/7ImTIzP5RC
-- Dan Linden (@DanLinden) October 31, 2014
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
-- Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo has experienced an in-flight anomaly. Additional info and statement forthcoming.
-- Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo UPDATE: Rescue crew seen carrying person on stretcher to chopper http://t.co/AJFLHsYm8L pic.twitter.com/MJaFy0clTw
-- ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) October 31, 2014
Update: one pilot is reportedly dead after Richard Branson's space tourism plane suffered an "in-flight anomaly." http://t.co/pleGHRuDbE

The road to ultra-populismpolitics
In each South Asian country, the no-go areas of discourse are proliferating rather than decreasing as the state establishments deploy ultra-populism. In response, the intelligentsia cowers and ‘opinion-makers’ are dehumanised as they take to weighing what to say and what to leave unsaid
The making and the public screening of “Haider” as a mainstream film was unexpected for observers of the contemporary Indian polity, at this time of a surge in Hindutva-spiked nationalism. Top-line cinematographers, stars, lyricists and promoters participated in a production that questioned New Delhi’s record in the Kashmir Valley, with onscreen characters even challenging the infamous Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA). The film was not alternative cinema and has had a full run in multiplexes all over despite denouncements from some quarters.
Yet, with all other indicators pointing to a political constriction of cultural space, it would be misplaced to read “Haider” as representing a trend towards openness. Long before Narendra Modi turned up on the national radar screen, jingoism was already on the rise and it seems set to escalate. By and large, littérateurs, academics and media commentators have gone silent on critical issues rather than trying to maintain elbow room.
India is the largest and most anchored democracy around, and its shift towards a closed society portends a perilous journey for South Asia as a whole. It also has global implications.
Mono-nationalisms
New countries tend to be more nationalistic than older ones, and South Asia is bubbling with the incipient patriotisms of its newborn nation-states, all less than seven decades old (other than Nepal, which goes back a couple of centuries). Rather than evolve through the historical push-and-pull of power and politics, the countries were defined amid the hurried manipulations of the departing colonial. They were then required to construct their separate nationalisms, and the capital elites of India, Pakistan and Ceylon were more than happy to fill the shoes of Mountbatten.
There was and is the contradiction of trying to force-fit a demographically layered and syncretistic subcontinent into the Westphalian nation-state, rather than devise workable formulae within that format. The new nationalisms of South Asia tended towards xenophobic and “ultra,” with a need to build external enemies and “foreign hands” in order to manage schisms. The more diverse the country, the more the need for centralised mono-nationalism.
“As the largest and most anchored democracy around, India’s shift towards a closed society portends a perilous journey for South Asia as a whole”
India and Pakistan, as the two largest, are curious nation-states for the many large nations they subsume. Because of this, both Islamabad and New Delhi are riding the tiger, with no politician daring to tinker with the given superstructure. But the choice is stark, to turn autocratic or to devolve federally, the latter presenting a viable path for the people to achieve their genius within the nation-state.
Mr. Modi, arriving in New Delhi as the outsider from Gujarat, should understand the need to allow the play of sub-nationalism. However, the new Prime Minister’s instinct seems to tilt towards centralised command-and-control, which can hardly inspire the diverse, populous, extra-large India we know.
Without the gumption to redefine the nation-state to South Asian specifications, the path of least resistance all over South Asia includes the call to rallying around the flag and the outline (even if somewhat outdated) of frontiers on the map, seeking to foist a brittle definition of one religion as national faith, and brandishing a slogan that should have been abandoned long ago in liberal democracy — “my country right or wrong”.
No-go areas of discourse
We do not gain the right to critique other governments unless we are first able to challenge our own state establishments when they engage in excess. Surely, none of us can be entirely free of self-censorship, but one can at least recognise the contagion and seek to maintain hard-won fundamental freedoms. However, all over South Asia, we are intimidated by targeted vilification even for mildly challenging statist chauvinism (forget dissidence). From the neighbourhood bigot to the trolls on social media, they have largely succeeded in threatening us into submission.
We have all been taught to resist the authoritarian state, but majoritarian populism has the ability to seal our lips even more tightly. When ultranationalism is attached to populism and deployed by the state, we are confronted with the most dangerous brew of all: it can be called “ultra-populism.” It is deployed by the vanguards of the supremacist state, vigilantes with their verbal machetes ever-ready to ostracise and defenestrate. This is the point where society becomes psycho-socially subjugated and militarised even with the military confined to the barracks.
In each South Asian country, the no-go areas of discourse are proliferating rather than decreasing as the state establishments deploy ultra-populism. In response, the intelligentsia cowers, the “opinion-makers” are dehumanised as they take to weighing what to say and what to leave unsaid.
In Sri Lanka, few dare challenge the Rajapaksa family autocracy, which is backed by radical Buddhist clergy. In Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi has quite easily succumbed to Burman ultra-populism, failing to come to the rescue of the Rohingya of Rakhine state. In Pakistan, the Ahmadiyya community is prohibited even as the charge of blasphemy is used by the state authorities to target the weakest citizens — the tragedy of Asia Bibi awaiting the hangman in Multan should be everyone’s concern from Kathmandu to Kochi. In Bangladesh, you are liable to be labelled anti-national if you so much as challenge the officially sanctioned number, three million, for those killed during the 1971 Liberation War.
In Nepal, despite the longer history remains entrapped in schoolboy symbolisms, such as the insistence that “Buddha was born in Nepal” when no one is really challenging the fact. But for all the high-volume patriotism, no one wants to raise uncomfortable matters such as Nepali citizens formally serving in foreign armies. A man who suggested secession of the Tarai-Madhes plains has been charged with sedition, as if the national society is not strong enough to tackle oral dissidence.
Shouting heads
The subcontinent has arrived very far from where liberal democracy was supposed to lead us. The rock-bottom of exhibitionist ultranationalist behaviour can actually be found in the most “democratic” of us all, i.e. India. For this, one has to merely follow the shouting heads on New Delhi’s news channels. Egged on by the anchors, the appalling bombast of the participants reaches peak decibel when the talk turns to the South Asian neighbours, Pakistan in particular. (Significantly, an exceptional sobriety is reserved for all matters relating to the People’s Republic.)
The shouting heads refuse to exhibit any empathy whatsoever for the tortured soul of Pakistan, the country’s purpose merely to serve as a receptacle for chest-thumping. India is presented as the wronged partner since the time of Mohammad Ali Jinnah, and there is little sensitivity shown for the Pakistani citizen who suffers like no other in the subcontinent — drone attacks, sectarian killings, mafia murders, blasphemy laws, car bombs, human bombs, assassination of leaders, activists and health workers, disappearances, massive internal military offensives, and the reign of military intelligence.
One is left wishing that the loud among New Delhi’s commentariat would pause a moment to consider how they compare with counterparts in Pakistan, who risk life and limb when they challenge the political outfits, the army, military intelligence, radical clergy and militants of every kind. And they do it in ground-level in Urdu, inviting that much more danger than when protected by the distance of English.
The absence of self-reflection at the national level in India on the critical issues of due process, human rights and fundamental freedoms is striking and worrisome. The promise made to Kashmir inherent in Article 370 of the Constitution is pooh-poohed. Irom Sharmila’s hunger strike demanding the repeal of AFSPA in Manipur has been ignored now for nearly a decade-and-half (a fast started 14 years ago yesterday, November 2.) Whether Afzal Guru got a fair trial before his February 2013 execution for the attack on Parliament was a subject that never made it to national debate.
The anti-nuclear weaponisation agenda does not get traction anywhere in India, other than a little bit in West Bengal. Increasingly, environmentalists are being pilloried, the people’s movements ignored, trade unions laughed at, and human rights groups and civil liberties unions have never been more out of fashion. It is an abysmal state of affairs when a country that aspires to great power status requires its citizens who want to organise international conferences or seminars to first get clearance from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
All of South Asia needs to shake off ultranationalism and ultra-populism and restore the dignity of our governance structures. India needs to do it quick, because what happens to India affects significantly more people, within and without.
(Kanak Mani Dixit is a Kathmandu-based writer and Editor of Himal Southasian magazine.)

Winning with metropolitan clustersUpdated: November 3, 2014 01:54 IST
Winning with metropolitan clusters
The Hindu To develop a granular growth strategy, companies should consider focussing on metropolitan clusters
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
There is one proven approach to succeed in developing and developed markets. Companies that have managed to spot and serve granular growth opportunities have won
India once again heralds the promise of growth, and opportunity for businesses — Indian and international alike. Developments in the global markets and a reasonable decline in commodity prices are aiding this despite emerging signs of some gloom in Europe. With the recent push by the government to restart the investment cycle, and also funnel foreign direct investments, the real question occupying more mind space in boardrooms today is this: where to play as rapid shifts in India’s geographic and economic landscape take place? For example, the number of census towns increased from 5,161 in 2001 to 7,935 in 2011, while Bihar and Madhya Pradesh, erstwhile BIMARU States, are increasingly being seen as the economic miracles of the decade.
This question is increasingly forming the bedrock of strategy for all companies — irrespective of their target market being the affluent-consuming classes or the neo-middle classes. Clearly, there is no unanimous answer to this question as it is guided by the overall aspirations and resources of companies. But there is one proven approach to succeed in developing and developed markets. Companies that have managed to spot and serve granular growth opportunities have won, with Indian ones being no exception. Analysis of the performance of a few leading Indian companies shows that players who adopt a granular growth strategy typically grow at 1.5 to 3 times the industry average. For example, the focus on high-growth regions and segments helped an automotive company outperform its competitors, with the choice of segments and markets accounting for over half of its 30 per cent year-on-year growth from 2011 to 2014.
The concept
To develop a granular growth strategy, companies should consider focussing on metropolitan clusters. Metropolitan clusters are groups of districts located around the metropolitan district that have high economic and income potential, and are contiguous such that each cluster represents a serviceable market with similar psychographics. Based on this approach, India can be dissected into 49 mini-markets — about 183 districts — or metropolitan clusters that accounted for 70 per cent of India’s GDP in 2012 and were home to 250 of India’s 450 Class-I cities according to the 2011 Census.
By 2025, they are likely to contribute 77 per cent of India’s incremental GDP between 2012 and 2025; 73 per cent of its income pool; and 72 per cent of its 89 million consuming class households — households with an average annual income of Rs.4,85,000. No other combination of as many districts provides access to such a disproportionate share of the pie.
The economic might of the cluster-based approach to establish a pan-India footprint is further underscored by the dispersion of clusters; 29 of the 49 clusters are located in performing States like Chhattisgarh or low-performing States, e.g. Bihar, Uttar Pradesh whose GDP per capita is either between 0.7 to 1.2 times that of India’s or lower than 0.7 times that of India’s respectively.
Advantages
Interestingly enough, of these 183 districts that constitute the 49 clusters, 70 are semi-urban and 57 are ones with transition economies — less than 60 per cent and 35 per cent urbanised respectively — making them locus of development and growth. Why?
First, they have a lower competitive intensity when compared to districts that are more than 60 per cent urbanised. Second, the quality of life in these clusters, measured across key urban services — access to drinking water, sanitation, electricity, and cooking gas within the household — is similar to India’s or higher with the exception of Bareilly. Third, a relatively skilled workforce equips them to evolve into active centres of production and consumption. And fourth, their proximity to metropolitan cities provides them with the connectivity required for mobility of goods, and labour. For example, the Solapur cluster — which in addition to Solapur city and district, encompasses the adjoining high potential districts of Sangli and Satara — is actively growing on the back of tourism; a thriving wind energy sector; and the manufacturing of textiles. Finally, investments in these districts could help accelerate the outcomes envisioned from the government’s ‘Make in India’ programme.
Prioritisation
The next step to granularity is to prioritise these 49 clusters to ensure that the allocations they receive — from companies and governments — are commensurate with their economic and income potential. To do this, we dissected these clusters across the dimensions of growth rate and per capita income, and the results are telling; 21 of the 49 ‘high growth-high affluence’ clusters score above others and India on both metrics. They are dispersed across various groups of States from ‘high performing’ to ‘low performing’ ones, account for 77 per cent of India’s airline capacity, 59 per cent of port capacity and 29 per cent of the number of railway junctions in the country. By 2025, they are likely to account for 47 per cent of India’s income pool and 44 per cent of consuming class households. As expected, many of these 21 clusters are led by metropolises like Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai and Bengaluru. But the unexpected metropolis-led clusters in this coveted group of 21 include — Rajkot, Jabalpur, Bhopal, Madurai, Patna, Jamshedpur, Tiruchirappalli, Adilabad, and Indore.
But even this cohort of 21 clusters is not homogenous — local market attributes, driven by social and cultural attitudes, vary significantly across consumers. For example, an analysis of the expenditure data provided by the National Sample Survey around 2011-12 suggests that the expenditure on transportation in the Indore cluster is about less than half of that in the Delhi cluster. Auto companies would benefit from making note of this. Indore is an important cluster for e-retailers — a relatively lower number of households own computers indicating that the online market is yet to take off, and early investments are likely to yield a higher pay off.
Our experience shows that marketers who have followed such a detailed granular cluster-based approach have emerged as winners. A leading cement manufacturer followed a similar granular approach to allocate resources to attractive markets, resulting in a five per cent increase in value share. So, are you going to follow a cluster–based approach to win?
(Jaidit Brar is a partner based in McKinsey’s New Delhi office; Sunali Rohra is an expert co-leading McKinsey’s work on urbanisation in India and based in Mumbai, and Shishir Gupta is a knowledge expert with MGI Economics Research based in New Delhi.)

US to take part in Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015You are here: Home > Collections
US to take part in Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015
ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.33AM IST
Tags:
Anandiben Patel
(The Gujarat government…)
GANDHINAGAR: With the US opening its arms to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the bonhomie is now percolating down to the state level as well. The US now will be the eighth country to partner Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit (VGGIS) 2015 after Australia, Canada, Japan, Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa and United Kingdom .
Chief minister Anandiben Patel has in a letter written to the US Ambassador in India Kathelene Stephens accepted the US offer to partner the event. It may be mentioned here that US Consul General for Mumbai Tom Vajda had said that the US desires to partner the biennial flagship event of the Gujarat government, while attending a seminar in Gandhinagar.
Recently, Gujarat government too had sent two delegations to US and according to the government, the delagations have played constructive role in strengthening the relation between the US and Gujarat.
According to the government spokespersons, Saurabh Patel, the US India Business Counsil (USBIC) will also send a high-level delegation as well as senior CEOs affiliated to the body to the event scheduled for January next year.
The event was started by Narendra Modi in his capacity as Gujarat chief minister and this will the first one to be held after his departure from Gujarat.
However, he continues to take keen interest in the event and Gujarat finance minister Saurabh Patel has visited Delhi several times recently in this connection.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India second most economically confident country: Ipsos StudyIndia second most economically confident country: Ipsos Study
American Hustle  Sued for Alleged DefamationThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

SEAL leaders warn against being selfish and disclosing secretsBy Dan Lamothe November 3 Follow @danlamothe
Navy SEALs conduct training on land and in water. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Martin L. Carey/ U.S. Navy)
The top admiral and enlisted man in the U.S. Navy’s SEAL force are warning its members not to disclose classified information for publicity or cash, as two SEAL veterans who participated in the raid that killed al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden remain under scrutiny for allegedly doing so.
The SEAL leaders said in a letter to all SEALs published on Friday that a critical part of the SEAL ethos is, “I do not advertise the nature of my work, nor seek recognition for my actions.” It is a lifelong commitment, both during and after military service, said Rear Adm. Brian L. Losey, commander of Naval Special Warfare Command, and Force Master Chief Michael L. Magaraci.
“Violators of our Ethos are neither teammates in good standing, nor Teammates who represent Naval Special Warfare,” Losey and Magaraci said in the letter, which Naval Special Warfare Command confirmed as legitimate. “We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety and financial gain, which only diminishes otherwise honorable service, courage and sacrifice.”
The SEAL leaders added that they will “actively seek judicial consequence” for any SEAL who discloses classified information and puts families or future operations at risk.
The letter was published as Matt Bissonnette, a SEAL in the bin Laden raid, prepares to release a new book that covers missions he participated in over his career. The Pentagon cleared the new book, “No Hero: The Evolution of a Navy SEAL,” but Bissonnette remains under investigation for allegedly disclosing classified information in “No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama Bin Laden,” a bestselling 2012 account of the raid. He wrote it under the pen name Mark Owen.
SEAL leaders also may be sending a preemptive warning to another SEAL who has not identified himself, but claimed in an article in Esquire magazine last year to have been the man who shot bin Laden first in the May 2, 2011, raid on his hiding place in Abbottabad, Pakistan. The piece identified him only as “The Shooter,” and he provided details about how the mission came together and frustrations about leaving the military without receiving retirement benefits.
Fox News announced recently that it will broadcast a two-part series in which a SEAL who claims to have killed bin Laden will share his story and identity — something “The Shooter” in the Esquire article previously expressed safety concerns about. A website reported the identity of the shooter Monday, but The Washington Post was not able to verify it independently.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Southwest  Beats team up for onboard streaming tunesSouthwest, Beats team up for onboard streaming tunes
Apple Partners With Southwest To Off Free In-Flight Streaming Via Beats Music
Beats Music announced a partnership with Southwest Airlines to deliver its streaming library to inflight entertainment onboard Southwest planes that offer Wi-Fi, with availability kicking off November 3.
Beats Music announced a partnership with Southwest Airlines to deliver its streaming library to inflight entertainment onboard Southwest planes that offer Wi-Fi, with availability kicking off November 3.
Southwest flights have Beats now.
Cobra Starship, Elephant Revival aboard flights to Chicago to fete new music service.
Southwest Airlines on Monday began offering Beats Music service aboard its Wi-Fi-enabled aircraft, the carrier said.
Southwest, which carries more passengers from Chicago than any other airline, said passengers can listen to pop, rock, country and other genres handpicked by Beats Music "curators."
Accessing the service is free and includes a library of hundreds of playlists, the airline said.
Southwest is so much better than United and American Airlines. I just wish Southwest could fly out of O'Hare. Midway is a pain to get to from north of Chicago.
kstarshak
1
The service was introduced Monday at a live demonstration aboard the official Beats Music-decaled Boeing 737 aircraft departing Dallas Love Field for Chicago Midway on afternoon flight 732 with dance pop band Cobra Starship on board. Customers will have an opportunity to meet the band. Southwest Airlines also is celebrating with customers on Flight 1527 with Elephant Revival, flying from Portland to Denver. Kids, explain it to your folks.
Customers can stream playlists through the Southwest entertainment portal using their personal electronic devices.
The airline also said over the weekend that it has integrated AirTran Airways booking and frequent-flier functions into Southwest.com. It bought AirTran in 2011.
Southwest also celebrated its conversion of AirTran international flights at Midway airport to the Southwest brand and aircraft. Those flights were to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic; Cancun, Mexico; and Montego Bay, Jamaica.
Chicago Midway airport is Southwest's largest departure location, with 258 daily. The airline has been operating from Midway since 1985.

Intermission: At home and at warBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The first story in today’s roundup is about Mike Leigh’s “Mr. Turner,” which is one of several very good movies about art, including “Whiplash,” “Eden” and “Love and Mercy,” on screens already or coming to theaters this fall. So for today’s question, what is your favorite pop culture artifact about another kind of culture?
• “ Mastering a Master ,” by Joe Utichi: To prepare for his performance as J.M.W. Turner in Mike Leigh’s wonderful “Mr. Turner,” Timothy Spall had to learn not just to paint, but to paint like an innovator.
Timothy Spall as J.M.W. Turner in “Mr. Turner.” (Credit: Focus Features International)
“‘It’s such a physical process, painting,’ he continues. ‘Turner is documented blowing snuff onto the canvas and occasionally using spit. It wouldn’t be unnatural for him to behave like that, and there was a lot of gestural painting to get the right effect of the physicality in his seascapes and skies,’” Spall tells Utichi, who explains that “On screen, watching Spall paint as Turner is electric, especially the scene at the Royal Academy’s Varnishing Day, the annual event at which the masters would display their works in public for the first time and put the finishing touches to them. ‘Turner would put on a real show,’ [painter Tim] Wright says. ‘He would grandstand it, and he would slap down rivals to preserve his brand.’”
• “ Frances McDormand Is Perfect in HBO’s Olive Kitteridge ,” by Matt Zoller Seitz: In reviewing HBO’s new mini-series, Zoller Seitz explains how it does something rare, making larger points without turning its characters into archetypes.
“[Olive's] eruptions of needling viciousness feel liberating at times, like steam blasts from the id that others tamp down,” he writes. “Which is not to say that the program positions her as any sort of Life Force worth emulating: We’re always aware that she’s afflicted by some sort of deep disorder, and that it runs in the family (she’s quite aware that whatever she’s got is genetic, thank you very much). And neither Olive nor the rest of the cast (which includes Bill Murray as a genial businessman of extremely conservative politics) becomes purely illustrative, or purely some kind of case-in-point. They’re all people, written and directed with insight and incarnated with unnerving precision by every actor who passes before the camera’s lens.”
• “ Beverly Hills teacher finds violin and Vivaldi in a time of war ,” by Constance Meyer: Meyer volunteered to start teaching violin to a student in Iraq whose studies had been disrupted by the rise of the Islamic State, a task that was complicated by Skype connections, emotional stress and the normal tensions between teachers and pupils.
“It was impossible to put out of my mind that not far from this room where my student worked to improve his tone and acquire more technique, thousands of Yazidis had taken refuge on a desert mountaintop as they tried to escape Islamic State. On Aug. 18, two days before our first lesson, the Americans had come back into Iraq, after a two-year absence, to launch airstrikes in an effort to help the Kurds and Iraqis take back the dam near Mosul, as well as to protect American oil interests,” Meyer writes. “‘Can you straighten your wrist?’ I asked, maneuvering my left wrist from a bent position, palm to the ceiling, into a straight line. ‘No,’ he told me firmly. There was clearly no room for negotiation.”
• Tony Zhou with a clever explication of character development in action movies:
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

New insider trading listing norms likely by monthendNew insider trading listing norms likely by monthend
PM meets commerce ministry brass to finalise WTO standPM meets commerce ministry brass to finalise WTO stand
New Data Reveals Saving Money Doesn t Make You RichSorry, But Saving Money Won't Make You Rich
Posted:
reddit
If you think you can save your way to wealth, you’re wrong. Spending less than you make is not the path to riches. Instead, wealth comes and goes as asset prices -– real estate, stocks, and bonds -– rise and fall.
This is why most Americans have no shot at ever being wealthy, while the already-wealthy people who own those assets just keep getting wealthier.
Investor and blogger Steve Roth recently crunched government data and found that household saving -- whatever income people have left over after their spending -- has little effect on boosting wealth.
Charted, Roth’s conclusion looks like this:
The huge red swings -- representing major asset classes like stocks and real estate -- dominate the up and downs of household wealth. The tiny sliver that is saving is small -- and, Roth notes, getting relatively smaller. (Note that saving, in this case, does not include the capital gains people get from selling assets for a profit.)
Letting speculation work for you, not saving, is how wealth is truly built in America. Net worth is tied to the market value of some illiquid things (houses) and some liquid things (stocks, bonds).
Saving money isn’t necessarily a bad idea. It can help you in lots of ways. But, in the aggregate, it’s not how we get rich.
Recent years have shown just how misleading and harmful homilies like “work hard. Spend a little. Save the difference. Let your assets work for you,” from the Motley Fool , are: misleading because saving is not the primary way wealth is accumulated; harmful because people when saving fails, people think they are the failure.
If you’ve internalized that advice, it’s hard not to feel like a failure. American incomes have finally halted their decade of decline with a year of stagnation . Wages are flat . Home prices, we found out, can go down as well as up. They’re recovered in some places, but many people saw most of their wealth disappear in the housing crisis. The stock market has been on a tear, of course. But that has meant rising wealth for a very small group .
Millions of Americans missed out on the wealth-spinning party by selling when stocks were low, or by being unable to afford to invest at all. Saving money won't come close to helping them make up that wealth.
More:

Swift Datsun Go flunk crash testSwift Datsun Go flunk crash test
Letters to the editor: A heavypricePrint
Posted: November 4, 2014 12:44 am
A sucide bombing on the Pakistani side of the Attari-Wagah check-post at the time of the flag-lowering ceremony killed at least 55 people and left over 200 injured (‘Terror kills 55 in Pak at India’s door’, IE, November 3). A militant group close to the Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it was a response to the Pakistan army’s actions against their positions in tribal areas. This must be a matter of grave concern for the Pakistan government and army. In the past, Pakistan has used terror as an instrument of state policy for achieving political objectives. In the process, it patronised the Taliban and other terrorist outfits. The people of Pakistan are paying a heavy price for their government and army doing business with the devil.
— M.C. Joshi
Lucknow
Simmer down now
Both  the journalist and Robert Vadra are equally to be blamed for what happened at a Delhi hotel (‘Sandeep Dikshit first to speak out in Congress against Robert Vadra: “Such display unfortunate”’, IE, November 3). Vadra is not a public figure. He is neither a politician nor a film star, but he has been propelled to fame for being the son-in-law of the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi. Like any other citizen, Vadra has the right to privacy. The journalist misjudged the appropriateness of the occasion to throw an uncomfortable question at Vadra. That being said, he should have shown restraint and regained his composure after being asked the question. He could have walked off, offered “no comment”. He should have refrained from intimidating the journalist and pushing the mike down.
— Ganapathi Bhat
Akola
Slow justice
It is disgraceful that the man who was responsible for the killing of thousands of people and the life-long misery of over half a million others has escaped punishment, thanks to the ineptitude of the Indian authorities. The death of Warren Anderson should serve as an eye-opener for the powers-that-be — act now to bring the other culprits to book. Thirty years have already elapsed and any further delay in the dispensation of justice means the remaining guilty, too, could get off the hook.
— P.G. Menon
Chennai
The horror
This refers to the special coverage, ‘1984, 30 years later’ (IE, November 3). I have read the gory details of what happened in 1984. After reading the eyewitness accounts, I don’t know whether I should offer my congratulations for the coverage or criticise the Express for exhuming such tragic
stories. The bloodcurdling details could make a grown man cry.
— C.B. Vastrad

Mauritius assures help in SITs black moneyprobePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Port Louis | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:43 am
Mauritius on Monday conveyed to the Indian government that it was ready to support its Special Investigation Team (SIT) to unearth black money. This was conveyed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration and International Trade Arvin Boolell during a meeting here, the External Affairs Ministry spokespe-rson said. On its part, India is working on the inclusion of Mauritius in the group of countries to be listed in its Visa-on-Arrival scheme, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Monday.
On black money, Boolell conveyed that the country will take measures to ensure it remains “jurisdiction of repute”.  India has concerns that Mauritius, which is one of the top sources of foreign direct investments into the country, is being used for round-tripping of funds. Round-tripping is usually referred to routing of domestic investments through Mauritius to take advantage of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between the two countries.
“Between August 2013 and August this year, we have received requests in as many as 97 cases for the exchange of information with Indian authorities and we have already provided banking information and other financial details to them in 85 per cent of these cases,” M Rawoteea, Head Analyst at Ministry of Finance, Mauritius had told PTI earlier.
Meanwhile, at the inauguration of the International Conference on Indentured Labour Route Project here, Swaraj said, “Mauritius was the first and largest recipient of indentured labour from India, and is home to the Aapravasi Ghat, a spiritual and emotional shrine to the memory of these brave souls.” Swaraj, who is here on a three-day visit, assured full support for the Indentured Labour Route Project.
Praising the Indian community around the world, Swaraj said, “We have granted lifetime visa-free access to India to all PIO card-holders. We are also working on the inclusion of Mauritius in the next group of countries to be included in our Visa-on-Arrival scheme.”

Ebola nurse  state of Maine reach agreement with quarantinekari2
Hickox was initially placed in quarantine in New Jersey when she returned to the United States from West Africa , where she was working with patients suffering from Ebola. She has tested negative for Ebola and isn’t symptomatic.
“The Maine court’s decision squarely recognized what the medical community has said about severe restrictions on people’s liberties not being justified at this time,” Alison Beyea, executive director of the Maine chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, told the Daily News. “It should be precedent setting if not in fact then in spirit.”
Hickox last week ignored a voluntary quarantine order, and went on an hour-long bike ride with her boyfriend .
“I don’t plan on sticking to the guidelines,” she told the Today Show on Wednesday . “I remain appalled by these home quarantine policies that have been forced upon me, even though I am in perfectly good health and feeling strong and have been this entire time completely symptom free.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Barack Obama  Fed s Janet Yellen to discuss long-term US economic outlook: White HouseBarack Obama  Fed s Janet Yellen to discuss long-term US economic outlook: White House
UN condemns Wagah Border terror attackUN condemns Wagah Border terror attack
Explained: Act  orelseRajendra Pachauri, in Copenhagen Sunday.
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:55 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 10:27 am
IPCC’s Synthesis Report released in Copenhagen on Sunday reiterates that human activities are having an “unequivocal” and “irreversible” warming effect on the Earth’s climate system.
What is the Synthesis Report?
It is the fourth and final installment of the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). It is described as the most comprehensive assessment of climate change ever made. The other three reports came out over 14 months starting Sept 2013. It seeks  to goad governments and policymakers to act urgently on climate change. IPCC’s Assessment Reports have produced increasingly strong evidence that human influences are altering natural variations in the climate system, which can have catastrophic effects on Earth and all life systems. The fourth AR won IPCC the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize.
What does the Synthesis Report say?
Reiterates what IPCC has said over the last two decades, but with greater confidence, with backing of stronger scientific evidence. Essentially, that human influence on climate is “clear”, that recent “anthropogenic” emissions have resulted a concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere which is “unprecedented” in the last “800,000 years”, that the warming of the climate system is “unequivocal”. Burning of fossil fuels and industrial processes account for 78 per cent of increase in emissions from 1970. Economic and population growth is the main driver of the increase of emissions through combustion of fossil fuels.
What is the impact of all this?
Oceans are warmer, huge amounts of snow and ice have vanished, sea levels have risen. Extreme weather patterns, like unusually heavy rain, can be linked to “human influences”. It is very likely that the number of cold days and nights has decreased, and the number of warm days and nights has increased globally. Continued emissions will lead to “long-lasting” changes in climate systems, increasing the likelihood of “severe, pervasive and irreversible” impact.
What can be done to prevent this?
To keep the rise in surface temperatures below 2 degrees Celsius — considered necessary to avoid the catastrophic effects of climate change — global emissions need to be cut by at least 40% to 70% by 2050 as compared to 2010 levels. By 2100, if the 2-degree barrier is not to be breached, this cut needs to be almost 100% of 2010 levels. There is still a small window of opportunity to stay within the 2-degree limit, but the response has to be immediate and adequate. A mix of mitigation, adaptation, “pursuit of other social objectives” is required.
What happens to the Report?
The Report is the basis on which the global climate negotiations are taking place. It comes weeks before the annual climate conference in Lima, which is supposed to prepare the ground for an agreement on a comprehensive global climate agreement, which everyone is hoping could be delivered at the next conference in Paris in 2015.

SC says women can be make-upartistsPrint
The court said the film industry, as a unit, could not be allowed to prolong this “gender bias”.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:54 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 10:58 am
The 59-year-old practice in the Indian film industry that bars women from being classified as make-up artists is set to end with the Supreme Court stating on Monday that it would not allow this “constitutionally impermissible discrimination” to continue.
In the film industry, only men are allowed to become make-up artists while women are classified as hairdressers. The trade unions say this is to ensure that the men are not deprived of work.
“How can this discrimination continue? We will not permit this. It cannot be allowed under our Constitution. Why should only a male artist be allowed to put make-up? How can it be said that only men can be make-up artists and women can be hairdressers? We don’t see a reason to prohibit a woman from becoming a make-up artist if she is qualified,” said a bench of Justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit.
“You better delete this clause on your own. Remove this immediately. We are in 2014, not in 1935. Such things cannot continue even for a day,” the court told the Cine Costume Make-up Artists and Hair Dressers Association (CCMAA). The court said the film industry, as a unit, could not be allowed to prolong this “gender bias”.
The court was hearing a petition by Charu Khurana and other women make-up artists, who were rebuffed by the CCMAA when they sought make-up artist cards. Khurana qualified from the Cinema Make-up School, California, but her application for membership was rejected by the CCMAA in 2009 because she is a woman.
The bench directed the body to come back with a “positive response” within a week. Khurana’s counsel, Jyotika Kalra, complained that Maharashtra’s union refused to delete the clause even after a state government order. “Don’t worry. If they don’t do it this time, we will order deletion,” assured the bench.
It also expressed its displeasure at the Centre’s counsel asking for more time to collect information from across the country on this issue. The court said that besides Mumbai, only Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad have film industries and all the regional federations bar women from the job.
“There are industries only in a few states and the government should have taken a stand by now. But we will do it ourselves now,” said the bench, turning down the government’s request to grant additional time.

Delhi Confidential: Eager topleasePrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:52 am
Keen to be in sync with the Prime Minister, Union ministers do not leave any opportunity to invoke the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. On Monday, Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda released a book Art and Railways, a compilation of paintings and cartoons depicting Railways as a subject of art. At the event, Gowda said that clean India also meant beautiful India. Lest the audience miss his point, he explained that murals and paintings on stations added to the beautification of the premises and its surroundings and should be seen as part of the clean India initiative. The function ended with a gaffe, with director of National Rail Museum calling the Minister Sadananda ‘Deve’ Gowda, but everyone pretended not to have noticed.
A STEP AHEAD
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad seemed to be in good mood as he took his appointed seat the other day at the function to launch BJP’s membership drive through new technologies like mobile and social media. Little did he realise that he would become the centre of unwanted attention shortly. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during his speech, mentioned that while his government’s Digital India programme remained largely on paper, the party had gone two steps ahead and become digital BJP. Prasad is the minister in charge of implementing the Digital India programme.
REEL EFFORT
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts (IGNCA) has decided to contribute to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in its own way. It plans to get a documentary made on the importance of cleanliness in every religious text and how it is overlooked at many places of worship. The IGNCA hopes to widely disseminate the documentary once it is made in the hope that it will help connect with the masses. The IGNCA is currently in search of a suitable director to make the film.

1st time home buyers dilemma1st time home buyers dilemma
Air India exits lobby groupAir India exits lobby group
GLOBAL MARKETS-Central bank expectations lift dollar; Wall St hits recordGLOBAL MARKETS-Central bank expectations lift dollar; Wall St hits record
White Sox Hall of Famer Frank Thomas  former Oak Brook home back on marketWhite Sox Hall of Famer Frank Thomas' former Oak Brook home back on market
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Frank Thomas' former Oak Brook mansion back on market
“Big Hurt's” built home in '90s for $8M, now for sale for $2.5M
The 41-room, 25,000-square-foot, contemporary-style mansion in Oak Brook that Chicago White Sox Hall of Famer Frank Thomas built in the 1990s and sold in 2003 came on the market on Friday for $2.5 million.
8
While Thomas holds several Sox batting records, he also entered the local real estate record books in 2003 when he sold the nine-bedroom mansion to real estate developer Ronald Scarlato for $7.95 million. That amount was the highest price ever paid in DuPage County for a residence — and that record stands to this day.
Caption 2014 Baseball Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony
Jim McIsaac / Getty Images
Frank Thomas gestures to his family during his speech at Clark Sports Center during the Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Cooperstown, New York.
Frank Thomas gestures to his family during his speech at Clark Sports Center during the Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Cooperstown, New York. (Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)
Caption Hall of Fame weekend
Curtis Compton / MCT
Frank Thomas wipes away tears as he is overcome by emotion during his speech.
Frank Thomas wipes away tears as he is overcome by emotion during his speech. (Curtis Compton / MCT)
Caption MLB: Baseball Hall of Fame-Parade of Legends
Gregory Fisher / USA Today Sports
Hall of Fame Inductee Frank Thomas arrives with his wife at the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Hall of Fame Inductee Frank Thomas arrives with his wife at the National Baseball Hall of Fame. (Gregory Fisher / USA Today Sports)

Report Reveals Seafood Fraud In Shrimpreddit
Do you know where your shrimp comes from? Probably not.
Today, Oceana released a new scientific report revealing that 30 percent of shrimp products tested from grocery stores and restaurants were misrepresented. The only known study of its kind in the U.S., the report also revealed that consumers are often provided with little information about the shrimp they purchase, including what species or type it is, where and how it was caught, or whether it was farmed, making it nearly impossible for consumers to make informed and sustainable seafood choices.
Americans love shrimp. Shrimp is the most commonly consumed seafood in the United States and the most highly traded seafood in the entire world.  In 2012, 89 percent of the shrimp consumed in the U.S. was imported from other countries, according to a 2013 report by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. But this high demand makes consumers increasingly vulnerable to seafood fraud -- when seafood products are misrepresented, including mislabeling or species substitution. This substitution can happen at any step in the supply chain -- at the restaurant, the distributor, or the processing and packaging facility. It can also occur deliberately, when high-quality seafood is swapped out for a cheaper or more abundant species.
Oceana scientists collected shrimp samples from restaurants and grocery stores across the U.S., including the Gulf Coast. They then used DNA testing to determine the exact identity of each sample. This level of precision is important, because more than 40 species are allowed to be labeled and sold as just "shrimp" in the U.S., while only seven types require a more specific name at the point of sale.
When the results came in, Oceana discovered misrepresented shrimp everywhere it tested. A full 30 percent of the 143 shrimp products tested were misrepresented: either mislabeled (15 percent), misleading (10 percent), or unidentifiable or commingled, with at least two different species in the same bag (5 percent).  For example, mislabeling can occur when farmed shrimp is marketed as a wild-caught species. Misleading labeling could consist of shrimp sold as "Gulf" shrimp, presumably wild-caught, when the shrimp were actually farmed in the Gulf.
Oceana also surveyed the information available to consumers on menus and in grocery stores. Their scientists looked to see if the packaging or restaurant menu included details about where, or how a shrimp species was caught, what species or type it was, and if the shrimp was wild or farmed. In grocery stores, 30 percent of the products did not provide information about where the shrimp was from and 20 percent did not provide details on whether the shrimp was wild caught or farm-raised. The majority of the 600 restaurant menus surveyed did not provide the diner with any information on the type of shrimp and whether it was farmed or wild caught.
Unfortunately, it's not just shrimp that is subject to high levels of seafood fraud. In a similar nationwide study of fish, released last year, Oceana found that 33 percent of the more than 1,200 fish samples it tested were not accurately labeled, according to Food and Drug Administration guidelines.
These levels of fraud and consistent lack of information are unacceptable -- they undermine responsible fishermen, thwart conservation efforts, and prevent consumers from making sustainable seafood choices. That's why Oceana is campaigning to stop seafood fraud by requiring traceability for all types of seafood. We need to be able to track what fish we are eating, where and how our seafood is caught or farmed, and see this information follow seafood through the entire supply chain, from boat to plate.
This June, President Obama created a dedicated government task force to combat seafood fraud and help keep illegally caught fish out of the U.S. market. We are encouraging the task force to require traceability for all seafood sold in the U.S. to ensure that it is safe, legally caught, and honestly labeled.
Until then, ask more questions about the seafood you purchase, including what kind it is, if it is wild caught or farm-raised, and where and how it was caught. Let grocers, fishmongers, and restaurants know that you care about where your seafood comes from.
More:

Ebola Has No Greater Friend Than Fearreddit
The following remarks were delivered on Oct. 30, 2014 at the German Marshall Fund in Brussels, Belgium.
Good afternoon. On September 18th, six weeks ago today, the United Nations Security Council held its first-ever emergency meeting on a health crisis. A Liberian man named Jackson Naimah spoke to the Council via video link from Liberia. Jackson works for Médecins Sans Frontières, and is a team leader in one of MSF's Ebola treatment centers in Monrovia. He told the Council that he had lost a niece and a cousin to the virus - both of them nurses infected at work. He said that, as he was speaking to us, sick people were outside the gates of the MSF clinic, begging to be let in and treated. MSF had to turn them away, because they had no more beds. Jackson said, "I feel that the future of my country is hanging in the balance. If the international community does not stand up, we will be wiped out."
You all are familiar with the statistics of what Ebola has done to Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leone. More than 10,000 people infected. More than 5,000 people killed, nearly 250 of them health professionals. More than 4,000 children orphaned.
Given these stark facts, I'm especially grateful to you all for coming today. The size of the crowd here is a testament to the growing concern around the world about Ebola.
Having just returned from traveling to Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia, I have two simple messages for you today. First, the international community is not yet doing enough to stem the tide of the epidemic, causing devastating heartbreak to countless families and allowing a global threat to metastasize. Second, based on what I saw this week, the contributions that have been made by the United States and many of the countries represented here today have begun to save lives and offer the first tangible signs that this virus can and will be beaten.
We stand at a historic juncture. We face the greatest public health crisis ever. And we each have the opportunity to work together in support of the brave and determined people of the region to bend the chilling curve of Ebola's spread and to end the devastation and suffering that it has wrought. To beat this virus and to produce the seismic shift upon which the lives of an entire generation in West Africa depend, we each have to dig deeper, and we each must conquer the fears that this epidemic has generated.
First, the bad news: Everywhere we travelled in the three West African countries affected by Ebola, we saw or heard about alarming gaps in our collective response, and the overwhelming devastation Ebola continues to inflict on the communities who are often just getting back on their feet after years of conflict and repression.
Aid workers in Guinea told us that rural villages just a dozen kilometers away from where the outbreak began have still never heard of Ebola. Outside the capital, even basic supplies like buckets and chlorine are hard to find. Contact tracing teams - the local investigators who track the outbreak's spread - often lack the money to buy fuel for their motorcycles, and they're not paid their salaries on time. Burial teams that may have received some protective equipment don't have enough to go around.
Across the region, in a matter of months, Ebola has reversed years of hard-earned development progress in the affected countries. Since the outbreak began, the number of births in Liberia attended by a medical professional has fallen by roughly 30 percent, and maternal mortality is rising fast. A new World Bank report concludes that if the response continues apace, the losses to Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone will top some $359 million just by the end of this year and the effects of the isolation the countries are now facing could take years to counteract.
The health profession - never very substantial in the region - has been decimated. Doctors and nurses who didn't have the proper training to stay safe have been killed in droves by the virus. As the historian Thucydides wrote of the plague in Athens: "They died themselves the most thickly, as they visited the sick the most often." One victim was Dr. Sheik Umar Khan, age 39, a world-renowned epidemiologist known for reaching into his own pocket to buy medicine and food for his poor patients. He was one of more than 30 health professionals killed by Ebola who worked in the same hospital. Imagine.
A huge number of infections are caused by elaborate burial rituals that become deadly when a deceased person is covered in Ebola. As the epidemic spread these last months, infected bodies have been left to rot in the street for days, because families feared that neighbors would stigmatize them for having a relative die of Ebola, because the burial teams were so overwhelmed by the demand that they could not respond to all the calls to collect the bodies, because team members lacked protective gear required to safely remove remains, or simply because the burial workers didn't have vehicles or the fuel they needed to power them.
Notwithstanding these grim facts, some in the international community have not yet shouldered their share of the response burden. Some may tell themselves that we have waited too long, the virus has spread too far and too wide in the affected countries, and that it is safer to hang back and hope for the best. Others who read news reports of other countries' activities, are wrongly reassured by the belief that others - whether NGOs, a handful of wealthy governments, or pharmaceutical companies - will do the job.
NGOs are already giving their all to this response. Of the dozens of NGO representatives I met on my trip, every single one was drawing upon his or her expertise to help with the Ebola response, from the education program officer now providing psychological treatment for children orphaned by the virus; to the media trainers who used to work on other things now collaborating with local radio stations to share Ebola survivor stories to try to deal with the stigma. Were it not for the efforts of these organizations, the outbreak would be much, much worse. But they are maxed out. They cannot fill all the remaining gaps without more support.
Of course, certain governments have a greater capacity to contribute than others, and that capacity brings with it a greater responsibility. President Obama fully understands this. Under his leadership, the United States has already provided more than $360 million to fight the outbreak in West Africa, and announced our intention to devote more than $1 billion to the whole-of-government Ebola response effort. We have deployed more than 250 civilian, medical, healthcare, and disaster response experts from multiple U.S. government departments and agencies. We're committed to sending as many as 3,200 U.S. military forces to the region, more than 1,000 of whom are already on the ground.
I was privileged to meet with some of these service members this week and I can tell you that they are already hard at work. These forces are supporting the U.S. effort to construct and support up to 17 Ebola Treatment Units, establish a regional training hub where we will train up to 500 local health care workers and providers each week, and they're providing crucial airlift and logistic support to other responders. I also visited the U.S.-built hospital for foreign and Liberian healthcare workers and responders which will be operational early next month and staffed by the U.S. Public Health Service, whose officers are already on the ground training in other ETUs around Monrovia.
Six days ago, European Union members announced a campaign to rally 1 billion euros in support to pay for the Ebola response, including the construction of facilities to care for patients. Countries have already pledged some 600 million euros in support, a promising sign of the commitment of EU member states. EU members have also come together to offer critical medical, air, evacuation support to international health care workers who contract Ebola, a vital assurance to those working on the frontlines to end the outbreak that they will not be left behind. Other countries have stepped up in ways large and small. Having slayed the Ebola demon in its own country, the Nigerian government recently announced it would send some 600 health care workers to the affected countries. Cuba, a country of just 11 million people, has already sent over 250 health care workers, and 200 more are on the way.
This is a crisis that is so vast, with needs so great, with potential consequences so dire, that no country can afford to stand on the sidelines. A few are doing a lot. But a lot are doing very little, or nothing at all. It is well past time to join what is a historic, groundbreaking, lifesaving mission -- a noble mission.
We need more doctors and more nurses. More beds and more treatment facilities. More personal protective equipment. More burial teams and more ambulances. More cell phones. More SIM cards. More motorbikes and trucks and helicopters. More plastic gloves, more bleach and more thermometers. And the list goes on and on.
And even if we are able to build a bed for every infected person, and even if we can eventually ensure every one of those individuals gets the quality care needed to have a fighting chance of survival, that still will not be enough. We need to move beyond treating the sick to preventing new infections - in the affected countries, in neighboring countries, and in nations around the world. We have been playing defense with Ebola. Now we also need to go on offense. To do that, we need more contact tracing teams, who can reach more communities with greater speed. We need more accurate, real-time data collection, which can be shared across borders; not only for tracking the virus' spread, but also to anticipate and preempt its next moves. And we need more effective public awareness campaigns, hyper-targeted to the most marginalized populations, which are often the most vulnerable.
Every single one of these gaps must be filled. The longer we wait to fill them, the longer the virus will replicate and the more that it will kill. In addition to gaps, we have other concerns. There is a risk we will fall back on business-as-usual and process-heavy solutions, which locate decision-making in far-away capitals, rather than empowering people on the ground to adapt their tactics to what is happening day-to-day.
Too often, we have seen, the international community provides resources that cannot easily be re-purposed rather than providing resources that are flexible, and which governments and humanitarian groups can adapt to the evolving crisis on the ground. We tend to plot out static, long-term plans to respond to the outbreak, and then stick to them, rather than developing fluid structures that can move with the virus, a virus whose movement is difficult to predict.
There is a risk, too, that we will spend billions of dollars vanquishing the virus but leave behind little more than broken healthcare systems, fragile infrastructures, and the memory of a remarkable anti-Ebola surge that then receded. Instead, we must ensure that at every opportunity we help create and deepen local capacity through partnership with governments, with teachers, with local institutions and local NGOs. So my first point is that we need to do much, much more.
My second message, however, is one of profound hope. I did not go to Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia expecting to find much cause for hope at this point. But today, the affected countries are, in fact, in a very different place than they were six weeks ago. I came away more convinced than ever that if we rally the right response, together, we can stop Ebola.
In Guinea, we saw the power of religious leaders coming together to use their pulpits not only to share religious doctrine, but also to share public health information. Under Grand Imam Camara's leadership, the Imams of Guinea have clearly communicated that a safe burial can be consistent with a religious burial. In our meeting with the Grand Imam in Conakry's Grand Mosque, he unequivocally told us that "religion cannot stop science."
The Grand Imam has asked the leaders of the 12,000 mosques across the country to amplify these messages and to encourage their congregations to cooperate with local and foreign health workers.
In Sierra Leone, we saw first-hand how a surge of international aid and coordinated leadership can produce dramatic results in just a matter of days. A week before we visited, President Koroma had set a goal to retrieve victims' bodies and give them a dignified burial in Freetown within 24 hours of their being reported. This is a crucial way to help slow Ebola's spread, because traditional burial rituals have been a major cause of new infections.
On Tuesday, we visited Freetown's new Ebola response call center. A robust public information campaign had spread the word among the city's residents to call "117" when a person was suspected of having Ebola, or when a sick person had died. The message was getting through. On the wall of the call center was a map of Freetown. Sierra Leonean volunteers were using red pins to mark the locations where bodies had been reported. When a team retrieved and buried a body, the red pin was replaced with a blue one. A week earlier, the Sierra Leoneans told us, only 30 percent of bodies were being collected and buried safely within 24 hours. By the time we visited - in no small part due to the infusion of British military and civilian experts and other international partners - 98 percent of reported bodies were being buried within 24 hours. On the map, we saw a single red pin surrounded by a sea of blue pins. Swiftly modeling this in all of Sierra Leone's 12 districts is critical.
In Liberia, the U.S. military forces deployed by President Obama are on the ground, working side-by-side with a team of some 50 experts from the Centers for Disease Control who have been deployed since March. USAID, the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, and the Liberian government are part of this collective effort and their impact has been striking. We flew to Bong County, where we visited a remote U.S. Navy Ebola testing lab. Before the lab was up and running just two weeks ago, Liberians in the area waited at least five days for Ebola test results to come back from labs in Monrovia, and samples were often lost in transit. While people waited to hear results, they were often quarantined with other Ebola patients, increasing the risk that those who did not have the virus, who were waiting to get a test result back, would contract it while waiting. Now the results take three to five hours, freeing up beds and allowing those infected to be swiftly isolated so they do not pass along the infection and so they can begin treatment earlier, which can dramatically, of course, increase the rate of survival.
Armed with the knowledge of how to stop the spread of the virus, many Liberian communities are leading grassroots prevention efforts. One community in Montserrado County created a local committee to go house-to-house, separating infected individuals into buffered zones. Now people who have been exposed to the virus and are at risk of infection are isolated until 21 days pass. Their system draws on knowledge of older generations in the community, who had been taught a similar approach for containing smallpox decades earlier. As President Johnson Sirleaf said to me of the community-based response: "If communities work, it works."
I mentioned Jackson Naimah and his powerful presentation at the UN Security Council in September. Well, I caught up with Jackson during my stop in Liberia and heard how the MSF clinic where he works no longer has to turn people away, because they now have enough beds. I asked him what kept him up at night and to my surprise, he told me that he was worried about how his society would deal with the lasting damage caused by Ebola after the epidemic had been brought to an end. A month ago, it wasn't clear how we could bend the curve at all. And now, notwithstanding the very, very steep mountain yet to be climbed, some are able to imagine what their societies will look like after we not only bend the curve, but end the curve.
We know exactly what must be done to bring this outbreak under control. We just have to marshal the will to do it. And for anyone who doubts whether we can do it, consider the following:
There were more than 20 outbreaks of Ebola before this one - all of which began in underdeveloped countries. We contained every single one of them.
Nigeria and Senegal both registered cases during the current outbreak, with Nigeria identifying more than 20 cases in two distinct regions. Both countries were able to track down and contain those infected with the virus, and both have since been declared Ebola-free.
Individual towns and districts in the affected countries have also shown they can contain the virus. Leaders in the Télimélé district, in the northwest of Guinea, started preparing for Ebola shortly after the outbreak started. When the first cases surfaced there in May, the response was immediate. Community leaders, including local religious leaders and griots, disseminated a clear message that the only way a person could survive Ebola was to seek medical treatment immediately. Trusted local health workers fanned out to local communities to raise awareness about the virus and to instruct how to prevent infections. Médecins Sans Frontières set up an isolation wing in a local health center to treat the sick. And a 14-person contact tracing team traversed the district on motorbikes, tracking down some 250 people who had interacted with the infected people. Twenty-six infected individuals were tracked down, 16 of whom survived. The 62 percent survival rate in Télimélé's outbreak was more than double the average in the rest of Guinea, because the community recognized Ebola early and knew how to respond. No new cases have been reported in the district since that first outbreak.
There is one grave threat that endangers our ability to build on the momentum of the last few weeks to actually stop the spread of this deadly disease. That grave threat is fear. Ebola has no greater friend than fear. The virus thrives on it.
We see fear in the affected countries. It is a fear that drove the residents of the West Point neighborhood of Monrovia to overrun a building housing Ebola victims. Members of the community had set aside space to move men and women with Ebola out of their homes, to protect their loved ones. But fearing the possibility that gathering the sick together in one space would make the virus more likely to spread, a mob drove out the patients and ransacked the facility.
It is fear that leads community members to stigmatize survivors of the virus, or the relatives of those who have died, or even the health professionals and other people aiding in the response.
A 24-year-old survivor in Guinea told me she had lived three lives: her life before Ebola; her life in the hell of her infection; and her life since recovering. She said the stigma she has suffered since beating Ebola has made her current life the hardest. The stigma had so affected her that she said she was amazed by President Obama's embrace of Nina Pham, the Texas nurse who was just cured of Ebola. When I went to give this young woman survivor a hug goodbye, though, she demurred and offered a fist bump. She did not seem yet to fully trust that she was cured or to recognize that she had done nothing wrong - only the virus had.
It is fear that has caused some of those who develop a fever or other symptoms not to come forward to seek help, putting themselves and the people around them at greater risk. Fear that going to seek care will make them sicker, or that seeking help will alienate them from their communities.
We also see fear in countries like my own, whose active participation is critically important to bringing this outbreak under control. All over the world, governments and our fellow citizens are afraid that if we send doctors or nurses or soldiers or engineers or other volunteers to the affected countries, we will put our own communities at risk.
The fear is understandable. Many of our countries, like those most affected, are dealing with Ebola for the first time, and it is a dangerous and terrifying virus.
Leaders have a responsibility to listen to the fears coming from the public, and to try to understand them. And we also have a profound responsibility to enact public policies that keep our own citizens safe. And as President Obama has repeatedly said, the best way to keep Americans safe - or citizens of any of our countries - is to stop the outbreak at its source.
When isolated incidents happen, they grab headlines, and the facts and the science tend to recede into the background. Two days before I left New York for Guinea, an American doctor named Craig Spencer - who had recently returned to New York after a tour helping those sickened from Ebola in Guinea - came down with the virus. My five-year-old son Declan begged me not to travel to what he called the place where there is "bola." It took the calming words of my mother, a physician, to reassure my little boy that the virus is not airborne and that the protocols to stay safe are extremely reliable, as the presence of many, many thousands of visitors to West Africa who have not contracted the virus attests.
We cannot eradicate fear altogether. But we can educate ourselves and our communities about when fears are legitimate, and when they are unfounded or counterproductive. Local community and religious leaders can help provide a bridge of trust between humanitarian workers and the villages they come to help. Public campaigns can inform communities that Ebola survivors pose no risk to their neighbors - as President Obama has done with his hug of Nurse Pham.
Leaders can send a clear and consistent message to their citizens that the best way to beat Ebola is to seek medical help immediately, as Islamic clerics in Guinea have been doing in their sermons.
We have to bring the same empirical approach and measured judgment to evaluating risk in our own communities and countries. So while statistics on infections in West Africa are frightening, we must educate our own societies about the breaches in safety measures that gave rise to these infections, as well as to the vast differences between the capacity and preparedness of our health systems and those in West Africa.
In the United States, we are doing that by reminding the public that only two people so far have contracted Ebola on our soil: two nurses who treated a patient who contracted it in West Africa. And today, both of those nurses are disease-free. Of the seven Americans treated for Ebola so far, all were detected early and have survived. So has the nurse who was infected treating a patient in Spain.
Prior to the outbreak, Liberia had approximately 50 doctors for the entire country of 4.3 million people. That's around one doctor for every 100,000 people. Sierra Leone had two doctors for every 100,000 people. The United Kingdom, by contrast, has 279 doctors per 100,000 people. France has 318. Germany: 380. The hospital where the American doctor infected with Ebola is being treated in New York has 1,200 physicians on staff - more than 24 times the number of doctors in all of pre-Ebola Liberia.
These numbers not only tell us why we are much more prepared to prevent outbreaks in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, and so many other countries. They also underscore why it is so important that the volunteer health care workers brave and altruistic enough to serve in West Africa be encouraged to go and be shown respect upon return.
But instead of knocking down the obstacles standing in the way of their service, some are choosing to put them up. These kinds of restrictions could dissuade hundreds, if not thousands, of skilled volunteers from helping stop Ebola's spread - which is in the national interest of every one of our countries. And they place an additional burden on people who, at significant risk to themselves, volunteer to help sick people in countries that are not their own, far away from their own families and loved ones. These volunteers are heroes to the people they help and they are heroes to our own countries. They should be treated like heroes when they return.
After this trip, I understand the fear on a personal level, as well. Meeting with Ebola survivors or health professionals who had treated patients, I'd sometimes hear that little voice in the back of my head asking: What if the science is wrong? We all hear those voices of fear in our heads. That is what makes us human. The challenge, especially for leaders, is not to let them rule us. Like all of our fears, we must confront them. And when science warrants it, when the facts warrant it, we must overcome them. The science is right and the risks can be managed. As the late, great, UN diplomat and humanitarian Sergio Vieira de Mello used to say, "Fear is a bad advisor."
In moments of fear, we must force ourselves to think of the men, women, and children on the front lines of this conflict - whether they are the volunteers from our countries, or the countless Guineans, Sierra Leoneans, and Liberians fighting for their lives, their families and their future - our shared future. As a young man from Sierra Leone told me, when I asked why he had volunteered to work in an Ebola treatment unit, he said, "If we leave our brothers and sisters to die, who knows, it might be us next. It is a point of duty."
That duty is a duty we all share. We must ask ourselves: twenty years from now, when we look back on this historic crossroads, will we want to say we left this fight to the people of the affected countries? Will we want to say we did not act because we thought others would win the fight without our help? Will we want to admit that fear held us back? If we will not want to give these answers when we are asked in twenty years - and make no mistake, we will all be asked - we have to do more.
We talk a great deal about the numbers with respect to the crisis: numbers of new infections, numbers of deaths, numbers of bodies collected. Let me close by telling you about what lies behind the numbers.
One family, six members: a father, a mother, an uncle, and three children. The father, Alexander James, was a health promotion officer with MSF in Liberia. His job was to travel around the country, teaching communities how to avoid infection, and what to do if they got sick.
First, on September 21st, Alexander's wife became infected and died. They had been together for 23 years. He said, "She was the only one who understood me very well. I felt like I'd lost my whole memory." Days later, Alexander's brother, who had taken care of his wife, became infected and died, too. Then Alexander's two younger daughters both died. Alexander said, "I was breaking in my mind."
Out of six, there were only two: Alexander and his sixteen-year-old son, Kollie. Then Kollie became sick as well. Alexander brought him to a clinic. They were separated by a fence. Alexander went to speak to his son. They could not touch. I cannot tell you how many times I was told in my trip what an inhumane virus Ebola is; how, in cultures known for their warmth, it preys on the simplest acts of affection. An embrace. Holding hands. The wiping of tears from a child's face. Ebola punishes us when we cannot repress these impulses. So, father Alexander was forced to speak across a fence to his son Kollie.
Alexander said, "Son, you're the only hope I got. You have to take courage."
His son responded, "Papa, I understand. I will do it. I will not die. I am going to survive and I will make you proud."
From the other side of the fence, Kollie was given treatment and fought for his life, while his father waited. And then, slowly, he began to recover. As the days passed, he gained strength. And eventually, a test came back showing that he was Ebola free. He was allowed to walk out of the clinic and hug his father.
Kollie was the 1,000th person to be cured in an MSF clinic. A family of six, reduced to two and almost to one.
In The Plague, Albert Camus wrote, "It could be said that once the faintest stirring of hope became possible, the dominion of plague was ended."
We have so many reasons to have hope in our capacity to curb Ebola's devastating spread. We find hope in every survivor, like Kollie, who has fought the virus and won. We find hope in every volunteer in West Africa who, out of a sense of duty, is working to serve his or her country and community. We find hope in the brave doctors and nurses from our own countries, who - driven by a sense of common humanity and common security - leave behind their loved ones to help people from other nations in their time of greatest need. And we find hope in every person who survives, every family that is untouched by the disease, every community that successfully eliminates Ebola. We cannot let our fears stand in the way of these hopes.
Thank you.
Follow Ambassador Samantha Power on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AmbassadorPower
More:

Nokia Chennai plant to suspend ops from todayNokia Chennai plant to suspend ops from today
PTI  Chennai, November 01, 2014
First Published: 07:52 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:54 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Eight years after it came into being as one of the world's largest mobile manufacturing facilities, Finnish telecom major Nokia's Chennai plant is all set to suspend operations from Saturday due to its exclusion from the Microsoft-Nokia deal.
Nokia started operations at Sriperumbudur plant near Chennai, the second biggest facilities by any global firm, in 2006 after Korean auto major Hyundai's came up with its plant in the late 1990s.
After inking the agreement with the Tamil Nadu government in 2004, Nokia began operations at the facility. It directly employed 8,000 people and another 25,000 were associated indirectly with the firm when the facility was operating in full swing.
The facility was producing some of the basic GSM handsets. It was serving the local market, besides exports. However, its decision to sell off the handset business to Microsoft Corp in a $ 7.5-billion deal early this year forced to keep the factory out of the agreement due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs. 2,400 crore tax notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market, instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to give a Rs. 3,500 crore guarantee before it transfers the plant to Microsoft.
The Nokia-Microsoft deal was completed on April 25, 2014, but the Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft due to legal issues related to tax demand by the Indian government.
In a statement early this month, Nokia said Microsoft had informed the company it would be terminating manufacturing services defined in the deal, effective from November 1, 2014.
"In the absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from November 1," Nokia said.
The company had also said the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long-term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.

Gold slumps to four-year low as Fed calls time on QEComments
Gold tumbled this week to a four-year low and many other commodities also faltered, as the dollar rebounded after the Federal Reserve ended its quantitative easing stimulus.
The euro dived below $1.25 for the first time for more than two years, driven also by speculation that the US central bank could raise borrowing costs sooner than expected.
The European single currency slid on Friday to $1.2486, its lowest level since August 2012.
The stronger greenback makes dollar-priced raw materials more expensive for buyers using weaker currencies, which tends to dent demand and prices.
 
Precious metals: Gold dived on Friday to $1,161.16 per ounce, the lowest point since late July 2010. Gold has fallen sharply since the Fed said Wednesday that it will end its QE policy, after six years of pumping easy money into the US economy via asset purchases to shore up growth. Official data showed Thursday that the US economy grew at an annualised 3.5% in July-September.
That beat expectations for a 3.0% rise. The reading, coupled with upbeat comments about the jobs market from the Fed, stoked speculation that it could hike interest rates earlier than its timetabled mid-2015 date. "The gold market again reacted negatively to the prospect of rate hikes, highlighting how sensitive the market has again become to tighter monetary policy," said Barclays analyst Suki Cooper.
"We continue to believe the prospect of firmer (interest) rates, coupled with our expectation for a stronger dollar, present significant headwinds for gold." Sister metal silver slid to $15.76 per ounce, a nadir last witnessed in February 2010. In contrast to the Fed, the Bank of Japan ramped up its vast monetary easing programme on Friday, in a shock move aimed at reviving growth.
"The BoJ's surprise announcement ... provided the stock markets and the US dollar an extra push which reduced the appetite for safe haven gold even more," noted Forex.com analyst Fawad Razaqzada.
By late Friday on the London Bullion Market, the price of gold tanked to $1,164.25 an ounce from $1,232.75 a week earlier.
Silver declined to $16.20 an ounce from $17.19.
On the London Platinum and Palladium Market, platinum weakened to $1,227 an ounce from $1,254.
Palladium was unchanged at $784 an ounce.
 
Crude oil slides
OIL: Prices slid on heightened expectations of rising US borrowing costs, and on stubborn concern over plentiful crude supplies.
Singapore's United Overseas Bank said oil faced downward pressure "as expectations that US interest rates may rise sooner than previously thought" pushed the dollar higher.
Commerzbank analysts added: "Apart from a firmer US dollar, a more than ample supply is continuing to weigh on oil prices."
New York crude had fallen to two-year lows and Brent to its lowest levels in four years in October, pressured by oversupply and weak demand from slowing world economies.
OPEC secretary-general Abdullah El-Badri declared Wednesday that market conditions did not justify recent sharp falls for crude futures and signalled the cartel would maintain output through next year.
Addressing the Oil & Money Conference -- a key annual event in the energy sector calendar --  El-Badri said that rising supplies did not justify the extent to which prices have dropped in recent months.
"We don't see that much of a change in the fundamentals," El-Badri said in London.
"Demand is still growing, supply is also growing. The magnitude of the increase in the supply does not really reflect this 25 percent change in the market."
Crude futures have slumped by about one quarter in value since the middle of June, with New York contracts hitting two-year lows, largely owing to a supply glut in the United States.
Demand is meanwhile downbeat in Europe against a backdrop of weak growth in the eurozone.
The 12-nation Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will decide on output levels at a meeting in Vienna on November 27, amid anxiety over lower oil prices that have slashed the cartel's revenues.
By Friday on London's Intercontinental Exchange, Brent North Sea crude for delivery in December slid to $85.36 a barrel from $86.03 one week earlier.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate or light sweet crude for December recoiled to $80.18 a barrel compared with $81.38 a week earlier.
 
Base metals: Base or industrial metal prices mostly rose, boosted by the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus boost and upbeat Chinese data.
The BoJ announced on Friday it would add up to 20 trillion yen ($182 billion) to its current asset-buying scheme, bringing it to 80 trillion yen annually.
"Nickel and aluminium received a filip from the unexpected monetary stimulus boost from Japan and adding to this a small rise in Chinese manufacturing PMI, the near-term outlook for the sector improved," said Saxo Bank analyst Ole Hansen.
By Friday on the London Metal Exchange, copper for delivery in three months eased to $6,720 a tonne from $6,724 a week earlier.
Three-month aluminium rose to $2,031.50 a tonne from $1,971.
Three-month lead inched down to $2,014 a tonne from $2,015.
Three-month tin advanced to $19,955 a tonne from $19,427.
Three-month nickel rose to $15,768 a tonne from $15,174.
Three-month zinc increased to $2,313 a tonne from $2,265.25.
 
Cocoa: Prices hit five-month lows on ample supplies, easing as the Ebola outbreak showed no signs of spreading to key cocoa producers in west Africa.
"It would appear that Ebola is no longer seen as posing such a threat to the West African producer countries of Ivory Coast and Ghana," Commerzbank analysts said.
"So far, there have not been any disruptions to supply. Together, the two countries account for 60 percent of the worldwide cocoa supply.
"Discounting the risk premium for Ebola, there is nothing to see but an amply supplied market."
The cocoa market had soared in September to 3.5-year peaks on worries that Ebola could hit output in Ivory Coast and Ghana. Cocoa is mostly used to produce chocolate.
By Friday on LIFFE, cocoa for delivery in December dropped to $1,933 a tonne from $2,027 a week earlier.
On the ICE Futures US exchange, cocoa for December recoiled to $2,936 a tonne from $3,114 a week earlier.
 
Brazilian currency weighs
Sugar: Prices hit one-month lows in London and New York, hit by the struggling real currency in top producer Brazil, but the market finished the week on a mixed note.
"After the re-election of Dilma Rousseff as president of Brazil, the Brazilian real dropped to its lowest level versus the US dollar since December 2008, which ... is weighing on the sugar price," noted Commerzbank analysts.
By Friday on LIFFE, the price of a tonne of white sugar for delivery in March traded at $427.40 compared with $426.30 a week earlier.
On ICE Futures US, the price of unrefined sugar for March dipped to 16.30 US cents a pound from 16.32 US cents a week earlier.
 
Coffee: Arabica fell to a one-month low of 185.65 US cents on forecasts of more rainy weather in top global producer Brazil, with extra pressure from the weak real currency.
By Friday on ICE Futures US, Arabica for delivery in December dipped to 186.10 US cents a pound from 192.10 cents a week earlier.
On LIFFE, London's futures exchange, Robusta for January rose to $2,032 a tonne from $2,019 a week earlier.
 
Rubber: Kuala Lumpur rubber prices nudged higher as major producing countries attempt to shore up the market.
The Malaysian Rubber Board's benchmark SMR20 rose to 160.20 US cents a kilo on Friday, up from 159.70 US cents the previous week.

Petrol price cut by 2.41 a litre  diesel by 2.25Comments
Oil companies cut petrol and diesel prices by Rs. 2.41 and Rs. 2.25 a litre respectively with immediate effect on plunging global crude oil costs, a move that will aid government’s efforts to keep inflation low and stable.
Lower inflation, in turn, could prompt the RBI to cut interest rates and nudge banks to lower home loan EMIs.
Since August, petrol has turned cheaper by Rs. 9.36 a litre in six price cuts, while diesel prices have been cut twice by Rs. 5.62 a litre in less than 15 days.
The latest diesel price cut follows the Rs. 3.37 a litre reduction on October 18, when in a reformist move, the government lifted state controls on diesel prices, allowing oil companies to fix the fuel’s pump-gate prices based on global crude oil costs.
Petrol will cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi and Rs. 71.91 in Mumbai. Diesel, which is India’s most consumed fuel, will now cost Rs. 53.35 per litre in Delhi and Rs. 61.04 in Mumbai.
Prices vary between states due to local levies. India imports two-thirds of its energy need, making oil prices a key factor for inflation.
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012.
The cut in prices of diesel will bolster the government’s plans to tame inflation and cut subsidies.
A lower subsidy bill will eventually help govt cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help offset shocks when global crude prices shoot up.
 
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was also cut by Rs. 18.5 to Rs. 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder, the fourth reduction since August of the commodity bought by users after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.

Oil companies slash jet fuel prices by 7.3% in IndiaOil companies slash jet fuel prices by 7.3% in India
PTI  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 19:01 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:07 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
Jet fuel (ATF) rates were cut by a steep 7.3% on Saturday, the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs. 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3%, to Rs. 62,537.93 per kl, oil companies announced on Thursday.
This is the fourth reduction in jet fuel rates since August. Rates were cut by almost 3% or Rs. 2,077.62 per kl on October 1. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs. 64,414.98 per kl from Saturday as against Rs. 69,610.50 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40% of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers - IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp - revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
On Friday, oil companies had cut petrol price by Rs. 2.41 per litre and diesel by Rs. 2.25 per litre. The sixth reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs. 64.25 per litre in Delhi, Rs. 9.36 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The second reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to the price coming down to Rs. 55.60 per litre.
Also, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs. 18.5 to Rs. 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs. 922.50 in July and rates have been reduced in every subsequent month.

National Parks Graffiti Won t Be Easy To RemoveNational Parks Graffiti Won't Be Easy To Remove
 | By                                                                By LINDSAY WHITEHURST
reddit
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A series of graffiti-like paintings on rocks in national parks across the West set off a furor on social media this month, angering people who say they desecrated some of the nation's most famously picturesque landscapes. They've also created a headache for park managers who have the delicate task of cleaning up the sites without causing further damage.
It won't be easy to get rid of the paintings, photos of which were posted on Instagram and Tumblr and then picked up by hiking blogs. Sandblasting and some chemical strippers can cause even more damage to irreplaceable natural features, especially if graffiti is near ancient rock art.
In some cases, workers use plastic kitchen spatulas to painstakingly scrape off paint. Workers test different chemicals to figure out which will loosen the material without damaging rock, then rinse it off with lots of low-pressure hot water, gently scraping each layer away with the spatula, said National Park Service spokesman Jason Olson.
"They will repeat that as often as it takes until they remove all the paint or until they can't remove any more," he said. He said Friday he didn't know how much it might cost to remove the paint in eight parks across California, Colorado, Utah and Oregon. One colorful painting of a woman with blue hair at Crater Lake National Park is already covered in ice and snow and workers might not be able to reach it until next summer.
Casey Nocket, the 21-year-old suspect identified by the park service this week, allegedly used acrylic paint and signed with the handle "creepytings." Attempts to reach Nocket were unsuccessful. A phone listing for her was disconnected and her social media accounts have been shut down or made private.
The National Park Service said this week they've found paintings in Yosemite, Death Valley and Joshua Tree in California; Crater Lake in Oregon; Zion National Park and Canyonlands in Utah; and Rocky Mountain in Colorado, where Colorado National Monument was also tagged.
Zion National Park is home to red-rock bluffs, sweeping canyons— and now a backpack-sized drawing of a woman smoking on a rock near a trail named for emerald-colored pools of water.
It's not the first time rangers have had to clean up, though paint is an unusual choice for vandals there.
Supervisory ranger Ray O'Neil said minor graffiti is scratched onto rock every day. Rangers carry nylon bristle brushes and water to brush it off as they see it.
At Joshua Tree in California, the park service has graffiti they think is from Nocket to deal with, and also a project to clean up the historic Barker Dam, which is nearly covered with scratched-on graffiti.
"Even though people know they shouldn't do it, as soon as someone else has done they just jump right on board," said cultural resources chief Jason Theuer. Sandblasting the structure originally built in 1902 to provide water for cattle could cause microscopic cracks, damaging the surface and creating a home for water and bacteria that cause more damage. Instead, they're using paint to fill it in.
Rangers deal with graffiti nearly weekly there, and the most difficult material to clean off is metallic spray paint. In some cases, graffiti near ancient petroglyphs or pictographs is nearly impossible to remove and rangers have to leave it.
Even if the rock art itself isn't damaged, the soil itself can contain other essential archaeological clues like microfossils that can be damaged by cleanup chemicals.
That's why officials say people shouldn't remove images themselves if they see them.  Instead, they're hoping that the high-profile case raises awareness about an issue that's all too common in the parks.
"It's a basic, fundamental underlying facet of human nature is to sort of leave our mark," said Theuer. "Our national parks are not the place for it."
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Every Inspirational Visionary Has a Crystal Ball... How Well Can You Read Yoursreddit
It doesn't have to be Halloween for me to make a reference to crystal balls and fortune telling. Every leader should have their own crystal ball and consult it periodically in order to come up with a compelling vision for their company or for their particular industry as a whole -- or maybe a combination of the two. And oh by the way, they also need to be right about their vision. Wow, that's a lot of pressure! No wonder most leaders shy away from spending time on their vision. Imagine the embarrassment of predicting the future 5 years from now... and being wrong.
As a result of this kind of mentality, I see a lot of leaders try to nail the ultimate vision with such precision and self-imposed pressure that vision avoidance sets in -- not only with respect to setting the vision, but implementing goals to meet said vision once it's established. A clear, inspiring vision is a powerful tool for aligning business objectives, giving employees a sense of purpose, and ultimately creating a higher calling for the team and company.
So what's the formula for removing the pressure from setting and implementing a vision so that this becomes an exciting and compelling process? Let's do the analysis together.
Here are examples of two visions:
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, said: "I want to connect the world." As Jeff Weiner, CEO of LinkedIn, observed: "Our ultimate dream is to develop the world's first economic graph."
What do they have in common? There are three key pieces:
1. Keep it simple - The most articulate and compelling visions are simple in their message. It's easy-to-understand language and isn't 2 paragraphs long! It's so simple that anyone in the company can remember it. Even my 7 year old can repeat it--yes, including the economic graph part! If your team can't easily repeat your vision, then it's not simple enough.
2. Make it big - You'll also notice that while the message is simple, the goal is big. It's connecting the world (Facebook) or it's creating the world's first economic graph (LinkedIn). Even if you aren't the CEO of a company but a senior leader or mid-level manager, your goals can still be big too. Are you changing your industry? If you are in Finance, can your team change the practices in reporting and forecasting within your company that, in turn, can alter and lead the way the industry does it?
3. Everyone has a different crystal ball - It doesn't matter if you are right about the future. It's whatever you want to see happen in the future. Who knows if the world will ever be connected in our lifetime or if we can even achieve the world's first economic graph in this decade. Furthermore, who cares! If there is goodness to be had from that end state, then just do it and try to reach it.
4. Lather, rinse and repeat - No one will know your vision if you don't say it--repeatedly. I find that some leaders don't talk about their vision and the one time they do, don't understand why people don't jump out of their seats and immediately "get it." You must be a broken record. State it every day and in every interaction so that people can connect what they are doing to your vision. You'll start to see people invoke your vision when you aren't there. It, in turn, helps decision-making when the leader is not around. "If the goal is to make the world more connected, doing X, Y and Z does not support that. Instead what we should is this..."
How would you go about creating your own vision? Here's a 2-step process:
1. Create the vision by completing the following prompt, "Imagine a world in which..." For Jeff Weiner, it would be, "Imagine a world in which we have the first economic graph." For Mark Zuckerberg, it's, "Imagine a world in which people are connected." What do you imagine?
2. Put it to the test by completing the following prompt, "Wouldn't it be cool if..." because if the response is, "No, that's not cool." Your vision isn't good enough.  Go back to the drawing board. For Weiner, "Wouldn't it be cool if we created the world's first economic graph?" Hell yeah that would be cool! For Zuckerberg, "Wouldn't it be cool if the world was connected?" Amen!
By removing yourself from the pressure, following these steps, and embracing the potential and opportunity of your own "crystal ball," you can bring your vision to life. Even though you may be wrong, that doesn't mean you should smash that crystal ball of yours. Maybe all it needs is a good polish before you try again.
Follow Thuy Sindell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thuysindell
More:

US calls off trade hunt against IndiaUS calls off trade hunt against India
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, November 01, 2014
First Published: 23:55 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:26 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
The powerful US chamber of commerce that had cross-haired India for its trade and patent practices seems to have called off the hunt, signaling willingness to work with the Narendra Modi government.
US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House. US chamber of commerce that had cross-haired India for its trade and patent practices has signalled willingness to work with the Modi government. (PTI photo)
In a significant shift in position, the chamber’s intellectual property wing dropped its earlier call for punishing India in a submission to the US trade representative (USTR) on Friday.
This is what it had said in a filing to the USTR in February: “The Chamber strongly recommends that India be designated a Priority Foreign Country (PFC).” This could have led to punitive action by the US.
There is no mention of this demand in the comments posted by the chamber’s Global Intellectual Property Center on USTR’s website seeking comments in the on-going out-of-cycle review of India.
Also gone was the combative tone of its earlier submissions.
“Our comments were submitted to help both governments move forward with a clear understanding of industry’s interests and objectives from the emerging bilateral dialogue,” center’s Patrick Kilbride told Hindustan Times of the new submission.
All the issues raised earlier remain on the table though.
Kilbride didn’t say that USTR had removed re-designation from the table for the review. It wasn’t an option at all, therefore, even if the chamber of the center had pushed for it.
US businesses have complained of poor protection of intellectual property rights in India, specially in the drugs and IT sectors, and of discriminatory trade practices.
The chamber of commerce led the charge using its clout with lawmakers and the administration to bring pressure on India, which is now under at least two other probes.
The Friday submission strikes a different note. And here is why, according to the center’s note: “It is important—and only fair—to recognize that the difficulties we continue to highlight are a legacy of previous Indian governments.”
That was a different government, it seems to be saying.
The center is keen to work with the Modi government, the note said, “to advance a mutually beneficial agenda that sets a new precedent for India’s future”.
The note goes on to list the center’s engagement with India in the “first months of the Modi administration”. There is no mention though of a speech Prime Minister Modi gave during his visit, at an event hosted by the US-India Business Council, another wing of the US chamber of commerce.

Microsoft Windows Phone OS to be free for app developersMicrosoft Windows Phone OS to be free for app developers
Arnab Mitra  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 23:56 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:24 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Microsoft, a laggard in the lucrative mobile phone operating system market, is betting on a strategy of opening its Windows Phone operating system to app developers in a bid to catch up with Google’s Android, which inhabits over 80% of the world’s smart phones.
Android, the first choice of most app vendors, and Apple’s iOS are popular largely on account of the hundreds of thousands of software applications available to users.
Microsoft is making Windows Phone free for app developers, and also tying up with third party phone vendors, such as Lava, to make Windows Phone available on phones in the sub-Rs 10,000 price band.
“We will make our (Windows) operating system (OS) available free for all devices smaller than nine inches,” said Bhaskar Pramanik, chairman of Microsoft India.
Microsoft has been a traditional opponent of the open source model, but is adapting a strategy that systematically lets out its core platform code in an effort to catch up in a world in which open source and open standards are increasingly the norm.
This is a 180-degree turnaround from the time when former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said: “Linux (an open source software) is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches.” That was in 2001.
Microsoft Windows’ monopoly over the desktop and laptop OS market is under challenge from the cloud. Ballmer’s successor, Satya Nadella, has acknowledged as much. “We live in a mobile first and cloud first world,” he said recently.
“Cloud makes the OS debate irrelevant,” said Pramanik. “Small form devices like mobile phones and tablets are the way forward. In India, our primary strategy will be through mobile.”
Microsoft, which acquired Nokia earlier this year, plans to use its Lumia brand of phones to push its way up the pecking order.
“We are lagging but will catch up. Our operating system does not lack in features and functionality. Now, we are focusing on increasing market share and hope to start seeing results between January and June next year,” said Pramanik.

Softbanks JV co with Bharti to buy 37% in ScoopWhoopSoftbank’s JV co with Bharti to buy 37% in ScoopWhoop
M Rajendran  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 23:54 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 23:55 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Bharti Softbank (BSB), a joint venture between Sunil Mittal-led Bharti Enterprises and Japan’s SoftBank Corp, has acquired 36.5% stake in ScoopWhoop Media Pvt Ltd through BSB Portal Ltd for Rs. 10 crore.
SoftBank recently pledged an investment of $10 billion (over Rs. 60,000 crore) in India’s IT sector, following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the country in September. The Japanese firm invested $627 million in e-commerce major Snapdeal and $210 million in taxi service aggregator Ola.
Japanese companies committed investments of $35 billion in India when Modi visited Japan.
ScoopWhoop is an India-focused entertainment media start-up. It creates and curates content that gets shared through social networks. Its website and mobile application clock 20 million monthly page views, withover 8 million unique monthly visitors. Over half of the page views are accessed through smartphones.
BSB Portal Ltd is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BSY Pte. Ltd, a joint venture between BSB and Yahoo! Japan. BSB Portal builds consumer Internet products and platforms in partnership with telecom operators.
“Data usage on mobiles with the proliferation of 3G and 4G services and increasing smartphone penetration will ensure that such investments provide high returns,” said NK Goyal telecom analyst with CMIE.
India youth population and a growing economy are expected to drive data usage on mobiles.
This is BSB’s second big investment in India after its 2012 buy of a stake in Gurgaon-based value-added services start-up Y2CF.

Impossible Goals and My Quest to Lose 175 Pounds-Realistic
-Timely
I plan on weighing 199 pounds on December 31, 2015. To do that, I will need to lose 175 pounds. I'm writing a book, Project 199: My Quest to Lose 175 pounds, about my journey.
Some people think aiming to lose 175 pounds is insane. For me, it is the only way to get there. When I've set "impossible" goals in a business setting, I've always made them. I get excited and motivated. Small goals don't interest me at all.
I have a better chance of losing 175 pounds than I do 17.
I was tempted to call my book "The Entrepreneur's Weight Loss Plan" as most successful entrepreneurs are like me. We have "impossible dream" style goals. If we don't have those kinds of goals, we tend to get lost in the weeds.
Google has a goal of digitizing every piece of information in the world. They are a lot closer now than when they started the company. Same with Amazon. Same with any organization or person who wants to break through the negativity and artificial barriers that the world throws in front of them.
Letting the world know that I plan to lose 175 pounds makes it that much closer to being a reality. If you go back to the SMART tenets of goal setting, my goal is specific, measurable and timely. I think it is attainable and realistic.
There are a number of reasons I will make it. The first is accountability. This is the first time I have EVER told anyone, other than my doctors and my wife, my actual weight. Even when it was far lower than now, I would never tell anyone. Now, I am sharing with millions of people who read Huffington Post and millions more on social media.
That is some serious accountability.
Holding a deep dark secret is as much a burden as the weight. It messes with your self-confidence and self-esteem at some level. Hiding something is not how I operate. In fact, I am one of those people who puts all his business in the street. I was made for Facebook and social media long before it was invented.
Having a publicly stated number and publicly stated goal is a huge step. It gives that extra bit of incentive to achieve the goals and a chance to throw it back in the faces of those who think it can't happen. Negative stimulus seems to spur people who start their own businesses or set ambitious goals. Many do great things as a  F____ you to people in their lives trying to kill their dreams.
I'm good at making dreams happen. Mark this one down.
Yo-Yo Dieting through the years.
In 1989   with Kentucky Secretary of State Bob Babbage (Alison Lundegren Grimes currently holds the office.)
With President Bill Clinton in 1993
My weight has been the only piece of information I won't share with the free world. It's also the only area of my life where I have not been successful. Making this quest so public is partially to inspire other people, but primarily to inspire myself. Now that I am "out," I feel a lot better. Even before anyone has read it.
When you are morbidly obese, it's time to develop new strategies. This is radical, but will work. I am very excited and can see the end zone. At the other end of the field.
People will ask if the goal is realistic. Since high school, I've only weighed less than 199 pounds in one year. In 1989, I started at 270 and got to 179 with an all-liquid, medically-supervised diet. I didn't consume over 500 calories a day for six months. When I started eating again, I gained between half a pound and a pound each week. When I went back for my second run at the liquid diet, three years later, I weighed 295 pounds. I went back five times and never lost less than fifty pounds. Every time, I gained all the weight back and at least 20 more.
This is why I am doing bariatric surgery. I know I can get it off, and the surgery will help to keep it off.
Is Food is an Addiction?
"I hurt myself today
To see if I still feel
I focus on the pain
The only thing that's real"
-Trent Reznor song that was made popular by Johnny Cash
"Well the devil made me do it the first time
The second time I done it on my own"
-Billy Joe Shaver
My mentor is Kentucky journalist, author and philanthropist Al Smith. He nearly drank himself to death in New Orleans. In his mid-30s and written off by most people, a bus dropped him in the small town of Russellville, Kentucky, where he stopped drinking, turned his life around and became one of the greatest living Kentuckians. A great moment of my life was watching Al be honored by AA for staying sober for 50 years. At age 88, Al understands that one drink could put him back on the road to ruin and will not touch alcohol under any circumstances.
When I was allowed to witness Al's great feat, it was made extremely clear that it was a onetime exception to allow Al's family and a small group of close friends witness the event, but we were never to tell anyone the details, or who was in the room. Normally they don't allow people who are not alcoholics in the room. The idea of Alcoholics Anonymous is to be anonymous and the philosophy is based on the outlook of "one day at a time."
Publicly stating that I plan to lose 175 pounds goes against everything they believe in.
I'm a big believer in 12 step programs. My dear friend Yvette Hourigan, who heads up Kentucky Lawyer's Assistance Program (KYLAP) for the Kentucky Bar Association  and recently won a national award (the David S. Stoner Uncommon Counselor Award) for her nonstop work in educating the Kentucky legal community about depression, suicide, and addiction.  I've sent numerous attorney friends to Yvette and written about her program several times. I've also had Al Smith talk to at least 100 people. I've lost a number of very good friends, and very good people, to addiction and suicide. I don't have another tool that works as well as Yvette and her organization.
I'm going to talk about the concept of "trading addictions" at length in my book, but I always thought that if food is an addiction, it is a tricky one. I've proven several times that I can give up food completely for months at a time. If I could have given food up, the same way that people give up drinking or cigarettes, I probably could have done it. Outside of overeating, the rest of my life is as exciting as Donny Osmond's. I rarely drink and I have never even seen drugs like cocaine, heroin, or meth. My only experience with cigarettes or smoking pot happened in high school (I got a lot of things out of my system in high school), and a childhood of watching people gamble brought me to the same conclusion as casino owner Steve Wynn: I'd much rather own a casino than bet in one. I've written bestselling books about lotteries and gambling, but rarely do it myself. I know the percentage will always favor the house.
Thus, if I am going to trade a food addiction for something else, I'm not sure what it would be. It does concern me. My sister had bariatric surgery a decade ago and almost immediately became a non-functioning alcoholic. She had been a heavy drinker before the surgery, but went completely off the rails afterwards. She was going through severe lifestyle changes like divorce and moving to California so I can't pinpoint everything on the surgery, but I have to think it was a factor. She moved back with my mother in Kentucky and cleaned up her life. She had just gotten the job she dreamed of at Proctor and Gamble when she accidentally fell down a flight of steps. I thought at her death that she had probably relapsed, but the autopsy showed that there were no substances of any kind in her body. Just one of those things that could happen to anyone.
I don't know if food is an addiction, but if it is, I need to trade food for a healthier kind of addiction.
Yo-Yo Dieting Part II
I weighed 374 pounds on my wedding day in 2012.  My all time high.
About 20 pounds lighter in 2014.  Yes, that is Jerry Springer in the photo with me.
Making our Dreams Come True
"Never heard the words impossible, this time's there no stopping us
Doing it our way"
-Theme to the television show Laverne and Shirley
A dream without a goal is a wish. A goal without a plan is just a dream. It's a phrase you hear often, but very true. So what is my plan?
I know I can lose large amounts of weight. Thus that knocks the impossible down to realistic. I am optimistic and going at it with an "all in" strategy.
My primary tool will be bariatric surgery, followed by changes in diet, exercise and lifestyle.
The surgery will get me a long way towards 199, but not all of the way there. There is a formula for calculating your expected weight loss. You take your current weight, subtract your ideal weight and the remaining amount is my excess weight.
Thus in my situation I need to lose roughly 200 pounds to get to my ideal weight. The Gastric Sleeve is usually good for about 50 percent of the weight which would put me at 275 pounds. Not as heavy, but still obese. My surgeon, Dr. Derek Weiss, (who will a primary player in my book) thinks that 70 percent is an attainable goal. That would get me to 235 pounds, with only 36 more pounds between myself and 199.
I'll be out of the obese category at 235. I suspect that I won't be diabetic anymore and the boatload of blood pressure and sleep medicines that I take will be on their way out. I will eventually be able to get rid of my CPAP that allows me to breathe at night, but probably need to get to 199 to make that happen.
Thus, stopping at 235 is not an option. The reason I chose 199 is that breaking 200 pounds has been my great white whale. I got to about 205 the summer between high school and college and stayed there. I would drop as low as 202, or go back up to 210, but was unable to break the barrier. It's my version of breaking the sound barrier or breaking the four minute mile.
Something psychologically held me back. I didn't know anything about nutrients and would try silly and dangerous diets to break the mark, but my body always shut down. When I did pass the 200 point in 1989, I knew I had broken a barrier and could do it again.
On the other hand, 199 is my "impossible" number. When I break it, I will have overcome every phobia about my weight that has been bouncing around in my head for decades. When I keep my weight at that number, I will go a long ways towards giving myself a normal, healthy life expectancy.
At my current weight, my life expectancy is fairly grim. I've ducked doing major damage to my body, but you can only win the lottery so many times. I want to give myself the best odds I can get.
And will by December 31, 2015.
My sister's experience and handling the money for the families of people who died having bariatric surgery kept me away from it for the past decade. (I wrote a long piece about this for Huffington Post.)
I did enough research to lecture on the topic at John Hopkins Medical School and decided it was my best chance. When I decided to make a move, I found that I could not purchase an individual health insurance plan or a plan for my small business that would even cover the COMPLICATIONS of weight loss surgery. It still irks me. If I worked for a large corporation, I could get them to pay for the surgery. If I go completely broke and wind up on Medicaid, they will also pay for the surgery. I'm 55 years old. If I live for 10 more years and stay healthy enough to have the surgery, Medicare would pay for it at age 65. If I lived in one of 23 other states besides Kentucky, I could purchase insurance from a health care exchange that would pay for it.
If there was ever a provision in the health care laws that sticks it to self-employed entrepreneurs and small businesses, this would be one of them. I am generally a supporter of the Affordable Health Care Act, but they dropped the ball on this one. Bariatric surgery should be offered to everyone.
I'm paying for health insurance, with 100 percent coverage, for my employees, I'm paying for my surgery completely by myself. It is more money than I paid to buy my car, but the decision is worth it. A car can't let me live a longer and healthier life. Bariatric surgery can.
Within the last year, I was referred to Dr. Derek Weiss, Bluegrass Bariatric,  who participates in a program called BLIS.  BLIS is an insurance-related program that  covers the complications of surgery. I've done several interviews with founder Regi Schindler, and I'm definitely going to use BLIS for my surgery.  It's a terrific idea and Regi has been a straight shooter.   I will be writing more about Dr. Weiss, Regi and BLIS in a future article, and they are important players in my book.
All of this circles back to the idea of setting difficult goals. A business concept more than a weight loss one. I don't remember a lot about high school (as noted, I was working a lot of things out of my system), and never liked poetry, but an English teacher at Covington Catholic High School named Peggy Bertlesman (if you recognize her  family name, her husband is a longtime  federal judge) had us read the poem "Andrea del Sarto" by Robert Browning with the line, "But a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?" The line stuck with me all these years, along with  Man of La Mancha  song "The Impossible Dream," which was one of my parent's favorites.
If you dream big enough and set up a plan to get there, the impossible dream suddenly becomes realistic and doable.
I'll see you at 199, but will be writing all along the way.
Don McNay is a best-selling author and the owner of McNay Consulting based in Richmond, Kentucky. http://www.mcnayconsulting.com) He has started numerous successful businesses such as McNay Settlement Group http://www.mcnay.com Kentucky Guardianship Administrators http://www.kentuckyguardianship.com and RRP International Publishing and Digital Media http://www.rrpinternational.org
Follow Don McNay on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Donmcnay
More:
Healthy Living Weight Loss Weight Loss Tips Don McNay Dr. Derek Weiss Brian Tracy Dan Sullivan Jefferson Starship Goals Achieving Goals Setting Goals Small Business Obamacare Affordable Care Act Google Amazon ENTREPRENEURS Smart Accountability Smart Living Self Esteem Facebook Huffington Post Social Media Coming Out Morbid Obesity Bariatric Surgery Food Addiction Johnny Cash Addictions Trading Addictions Trent Reznor Billy Joe Shaver Al Smith Aa Alcoholics Anonymous Kentucky Richmond Ky Lexington KY 12 Step Program Yvette Hourigan Kentucky Lawyers Assistance Program Kentucky Bar Association David S Stoner Kentucky Lawyers Depression Suicide Donny Osmond Casinos Steve Wynn Proctor and Gamble Laverne and Shirley Gastric Sleeve Cpap Ambien Medicare Health Care Complications of Surgery Health Insurance Blis Regi Schindler Covington Catholic Peggy Bertlesman Andrea Del Sarto Robert Browning Man of La Mancha The Impossible Dream McNay Settlement Group McNay Consulting Kentucky Guardianship Administrators RRP International Publishing and Digital Media Kylap
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Google launches new alliance to promote Indian languages on InternetGoogle pitches in to make Internet go desi
S Ronendra Singh
Forms alliance to promote Indian language content online
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Google India on Monday announced the creation of the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA), a group committed to promoting the growth of Indic language content online.
The alliance would work together in building Indic language content for hundreds of millions of Indians who will be coming online for the very first time, mostly via smartphones and mobile devices, Google said here.
Internet users
Through its efforts, the ILIA hopes to enable 300 million Indian language speakers to become highly engaged Internet users by 2017.
Currently, there are over 200 million Internet users in India, about 16 per cent of its population of 1.2 billion, it said.
"Our mission at Google is to ensure the world’s information is universally accessible, and this includes the millions of users in India who are about to come online for the first time," Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, said
Hindi Voice Search will be just one of the many steps Google is taking to empower the Indian language users and advertisers to take advantage of the Web’s huge economic and social potential, he said.
Practically all of the country’s English-speaking population of 198 million is already online. The remaining 90 per cent of Indians, who are not online, tend not to be English speakers.
“Google is very committed to bringing new Internet users online in India,” Rajan Anandan, Vice President and Managing Director, Google India, said.
“Through the Indian Language Internet Alliance, we want to help content creators to act now and build relevant content for these new Indian language mobile users," he said.
The ILIA is composed of ABP News, Amar Ujala Publications Ltd, C-DAC, DB Digital, Firstouch, HinKhoj, Jagran Prakashan Ltd, LinguaNext Technologies Pvt. Ltd, NDTV, Network 18, Oneindia.com, Patrika Group, Process Nine Technologies Pvt Ltd, Prost Innovation Pvt Ltd, Reverie Language Technologies Pvt Ltd, Times Internet Ltd, Ver Se Innovation/NewsHunt, and Webdunia.com in addition to Google.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

With a bullet: Bonds  banks and funny moneySHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Your grandmother has probably beaten your mutual fund this year, assuming your grandmother invests in municipal bonds. Munis, normally reserved for the conservative and tax-averse investor, have gained 8.32%, vs. 6.86% for the Dow Jones industrial average.
Despite the end of quantitative easing, the Federal Reserve’s bond-buying program, demand for Treasuries remains brisk: Investors submitted bids for $5.54 trillion in Treasuries this year , three times the amount sold.
AFP/Getty
Last bond item, honest: Apple plans to issue more bonds , probably so it can buy back more stock without repatriating its taxable overseas tax hoard.

US stocks: Wall Street flat  but S&P 500 hits new recordWhile the market's momentum is to the upside, near-term trading may be quieter as earnings season draws to a close. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were little changed on Monday, with investors mostly taking a pause following a sharp rally on Friday, though the S&P 500 inched up to a new intraday record.
Equities have been strong of late, with the Dow last week posting its biggest weekly gain since January 2013 and the S&P coming off its biggest two-week jump since December 2011. The Nasdaq closed at its highest since March 2000.
The gains have largely come on the back of strong quarterly results, which have eased concerns over how corporations are faring in an uncertain growth environment, as well as stimulative actions from central banks.
"The bull market may be old and wrinkly, but it is still alive and there's nowhere else for investors to really go besides U.S. equities," said Paul Schatz, president and chief investment officer at Heritage Capital in Woodbridge, Connecticut.
While the market's momentum is to the upside, near-term trading may be quieter as earnings season draws to a close. With results in from 70 percent of companies, 75.8 percent reported earnings above analysts' expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, well above the long-term average of 63 percent.
"For the first time in a long time, I do not believe that a rising tide will lift all ships," Schatz said. "We're now at a stage where rallies will get narrower and narrower, meaning sector selection is key."
General Motors Corp fell 1.3 percent to $30.98 after October sales missed expectations.
In deal news, Sapient Corp rose 42 percent to $24.66 and was among the most actively traded Nasdaq names after Publicis agreed to buy the digital ad company for $3.7 billion in cash.
Covance Inc jumped 26 percent to $100.46 after Laboratory Corp of America Holdings agreed to buy the company for $6.1 billion. Laboratory Corp fell 7 percent to $101.68.
The U.S. manufacturing sector slowed in October to its lowest rate of growth since July, while a gauge of new orders hit its lowest level since January, according to financial data firm Markit.
At 9:50 a.m. (1450 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average fell 14.96 points, or 0.09 percent, to 17,375.56, the S&P 500 gained 0.26 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,018.31 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.35 points, or 0.25 percent, to 4,642.09. The S&P hit a new record of 2,020.04 in early trading.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,453 to 1,303, for a 1.12-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,204 issues fell and 1,110 advanced for a 1.08-to-1 ratio.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 54 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 55 new highs and 13 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

With BJP declining Jung s offer to form govt  Delhi appears headed for assembly pollsComments
Delhi is likely to have elections soon as leaders from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and AAP informed lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung on Monday they still did not have the numbers to form a government.
Party leaders met Jung though the day to discuss the possibility of forming a government in Delhi which has been under President’s Rule since the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government quit in February after being in office for 49 days.
 
“L-G held consultations with the leaders of the three political parties to explore the possibility of government formation. All the parties expressed their inability to form the government,” said an official statement from the L-G’s office.
Jung announced plans to look at forming a government after the Supreme Court last week slammed the Centre and the L-G over what it termed the “Delhi deadlock”.
Delhi has been gripped by political uncertainty for about eight months, with none of the three parties in a position to form a government. The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
The BJP is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive wins in the Lok Sabha and recent assembly elections.
  
BJP sources said they want to go for fresh elections in February and form a government with a clear majority. A BJP delegation led by its Delhi president, Satish Upadhyay, and senior leader and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung on Monday.
“We have made our stand clear to the lieutenant governor. Our party has been maintaining since the beginning that we will not indulge in any kind of manipulation,” said Upadhyay.
Congress legislator Haroon Yusuf also told Jung that his party wanted the Delhi assembly dissolved. “We have been consistent on our stand that no party has numbers to give a stable government in Delhi and this is what we told the L-G also. We recommended that the house should immediately be dissolved and fresh elections be announced in the Capital,” he told reporters after meeting Jung.
While speculation about Congress MLAs breaking away from the party to support the AAP and BJP was rife, the Congress party managed to keep its flock together in the past few months.
 
The AAP, which has repeatedly accused the BJP of trying to poach its legislators to form the government in Delhi, reiterated it was in favour of elections.
“Our stand is what it was eight months ago. We want the Delhi assembly to be dissolved,” said AAP leader Manish Sisodia  after meeting Jung along with Kejriwal.

Maruti Swift  Datsun GO fail Global NCAP test | Nissan and Honda US sales riseMaruti Swift, Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety test
By ET Bureau | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.45AM IST
According to the Global NCAP, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Popular car models Maruti Suzuki Swift and Nissan Datsun Go failed the recently held independent impact tests, a global car safety watchdog has claimed.
Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing, conducted these tests and claimed that both these cars failed miserably on this critical safety count. It added that while India is now the fifth-largest producer of passenger cars, these tests prove the country should adopt internationally-accepted safety norms.
"India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry,but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they are in case of a crash. It is critical for the safety of the passenger. We are pleased that India is launching an NCAP consumer testing programme. If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags," Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said.
The Maruti Swift received a zero star rating in the 64 km/h frontal collision test. While the Datsun Go also failed, it fared slightly better with a two-star rating. The testing agency said that both the cars showed the crash-test dummies received near-fatal injuries,and the shells of their bodies disintegrated.
This comes in the wake of some Indian small cars—Tata Nano, Maruti Suzuki's Alto 800 and theHyundaii10—failed to clear Globa lNCAP's crash tests in January this year. Auto manufacturers, however, argued that cars sold here fully conform to all safety standards currently applicable in India. And it's the same with cars that are manufactured and exported from here.
Meanwhile, under the proposed new legislation on road safety, Road Transport and Safety Bill, the ministry of road transport and highways has called for setting up of an all-India NCAP and adoption of safety standards to make cars more safe and pave the way for adopting global crash safety norms.

Wockhardt: US export ban unlikely to be lift...Wockhardt says US export ban unlikely to be lifted until next year
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 10.05PM IST
0
Share More
Concerns over quality in India's drug industry surfaced over past year after both Ranbaxy & Wockhardt plants were banned from exporting to US.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Drugmaker Wockhardt's steps to have the United States lift bans on products from two of its plants are unlikely to approved until next year, its chairman said on Monday after the company posted a heavy fall in quarterly profit.
Last year's bans by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) over quality control lapses halted exports to the United States and were largely responsible for net profit in the three months to Sept. 31 tumbling 97 per cent year on year to 36.3 million rupees ($591,446).
Remedial action has been taken, Chairman Habil Khorakiwala said, but he holds out little hope of a swift restoration of exports to a market that previously accounted for half the generic drugmaker's global sales.
"We informed the FDA a few days ago that we are ready for an inspection any time," Khorakiwala told Reuters at the company's Mumbai headquarters, adding that Wockhardt will not be able to hurry the US regulator.
"We don't think this will happen in one quarter or so. It takes longer," he said.
Concerns over quality control in India's export-driven drug industry surfaced over the past year after plants run by both Ranbaxy Laboratories and Wockhardt were banned from exporting to the United States, damaging India's reputation as a supplier of safe, affordable drugs.
Drug in the country exports grew by only 2.6 per cent in the 2013/14 financial year to March 31. Two years ago the growth rate was 23 per cent.
In May Wockhardt said the FDA had also expressed concern over production processes at its Chicago-based Morton Grove Pharmaceuticals operation, which accounts for more than half of Wockhardt's sales in the United States.
Khorakiwala said Wockhardt has also taken steps to address the FDA's concerns about Morton Grove and is awaiting a response from the regulator.
Despite the regulatory action, Khorakiwala said that Wockhardt has been filing applications with the FDA for new generic drugs but approvals have been held up pending FDA clearance for its factories.
Wockhardt's shares are up about 70 per cent so far this year, mainly because of market rumours that the company could sell out to a foreign or domestic drugmaker.
"We have no intention to do a sale and we will not do it in the future," Khorakiwala said on Monday. ($1 = 61.3750 Indian rupee)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

World Trade Center reopens for business afte...You are here: Home > Collections
World Trade Center reopens for business, 13 years after 9/11 attack
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.10AM IST
Tags:
9/11 attack
(The resurrected World Trade…)
NEW YORK: Thirteen years after the 9/11 terrorist attack, the resurrected World Trade Center has opened for business _ marking an emotional milestone for both New Yorkers and the nation.
Some staffers of publishing giant Conde Nast began working at 1 World Trade Center on Monday. The 104-story, $3.9 billion skyscraper dominates the Manhattan skyline. The publishing giant becomes the first commercial tenant in America's tallest building.
It's the centerpiece of the 16-acre (6-hectare) site where the decimated twin towers once stood and where more than 2,700 people died on Sept. 11, 2001, buried under smoking mounds of fiery debris.
"The New York City skyline is whole again, as 1 World Trade Center takes its place in Lower Manhattan,'' said Patrick Foye , executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns both the building and the World Trade Center site.
The agency began moving into neighboring 4 World Trade Center last week.
He said 1 World Trade Center ''sets new standards of design, construction, prestige and sustainability; the opening of this iconic building is a major milestone in the transformation of Lower Manhattan into a thriving 24/7 neighborhood.''
With construction fences gone and boxes of office equipment in place, the company moved into what Foye called "the most secure office building in America.''
Prior to the move, Conde Nast addressed any issues employees might have had about moving into the tower. The architectural firm, T.J. Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, says it took extra measures to strengthen the steel-and-concrete structure. It says it is a much stronger structure than the twin towers.
Starting Monday, more than 170 employees moved into five of Conde Nast's 25 floors, the company said. By early 2015, about 3,000 more staffers will move in.
The building is 60 per cent leased, with another 80,000 square feet (7,432 square meters) going to the advertising firm Kids Creative, the stadium operator Legends Hospitality, the BMB Group investment adviser, and Servcorp, a provider of executive offices.
The government's General Services Administration signed up for 275,000 square feet (25,548 square meters), and the China Center, a trade and cultural facility, will cover 191,000 square feet (17,744 square meters).
The eight-year construction of the 1,776-foot (541-meter) high skyscraper came after years of political, financial and legal infighting that threatened to derail the project.
The bickering slowly died down as two other towers started going up on the southeast end of the site: the now completed 4 World Trade Center whose anchor tenant is the Port Authority, which started moving in last week, and 3 World Trade Center, which is slowly rising.
The area has prospered in recent years beyond anyone's imagination. About 60,000 more residents now live there _ three times more than before 9/11 _ keeping streets, restaurants and shops alive even after Wall Street and other offices close for the day.
Still, it's a bittersweet victory, one achieved with the past in mind as the architects created 1 World Trade Center.
T.J. Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill told The Associated Press that the high-rise was built with steel-reinforced concrete that makes it as terror attack-proof as possible.
He said the firm went beyond the city's existing building codes to achieve that.
"We did it, we finally did it,'' he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hyundai  Kia to pay $100 mn over fuel econom...Hyundai, Kia to pay $100 million for overstating fuel economy ratings
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 09.28PM IST
Hyundai Motor Co and its affiliate Kia Motors Corp will pay a $100 million penalty for selling cars with lower fuel economy
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON/DETROIT: Hyundai Motor Co and its affiliate Kia Motors Corp will pay a $100 million penalty for selling cars with lower fuel economy than the companies had claimed in what US authorities said on Monday was the largest such accord to date.
The settlement, with the US Environmental Protection Agency, the US Department of Justice and the California Air Resources Board , resolves an investigation of the carmakers' 2012 overstatement of fuel economy ratings .
Under the civil accord, which involved the sale of 1.2 million cars and SUVs, the companies will also spend around $50 million to prevent future violations, and forfeit emissions credits estimated to be worth over $200 million, US authorities said. The credits represent the difference between the original and restated data.
"Businesses that play by the rules shouldn't have to compete with those breaking the law," EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said in announcing the settlement.
McCarthy said Hyundai and Kia had committed the most egregious violation of the reporting standards, but she declined to say whether other violators may also be fined.
In November 2012, Hyundai and Kia conceded they overstated fuel economy by at least a mile per gallon on vehicles after the EPA found errors for 13 Hyundai and Kia models from the 2011 to 2013 model years.
Hyundai announced Monday that it would be adjusting the cars' reported fuel economy by 1 to 2 miles per gallon.
Hyundai and Kia both gained bigger shares of the US new-vehicle market in the past decade, particularly during the economic downturn of 2008 to 2010 when consumers saw bargains in their lineups of fuel-efficient and relatively low-priced vehicles.
"We are pleased to put this behind us," Hyundai US chief David Zuchowski said in a statement. The company added that it believes its process for testing vehicle fuel economy meets US guidelines, and the overstatement was a result of a data processing error.
Last December, both South Korean automakers agreed to pay a total of $395 million to settle lawsuits filed by owners of cars affected by the overstatements of fuel economy ratings. Hyundai's share of that was $210 million.
Hyundai's US chief at the time, John Krafcik, stepped down after his contract expired at the end of last year.
The Justice Department is not commenting on whether any Hyundai or Kia employees would be criminally charged, said Sam Hirsch, acting assistant Attorney General for the Environment and Natural Resources Division.

Centre ready to offer Rs 50k cr road network...Centre ready to offer Rs 50,000 cr worth road networks in Tamil Nadu
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 11.56PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Observing that 12 projects…)
CHENNAI: The Centre was ready to offer Rs 50,000 crore worth of road networks to Tamil Nadu if the state government offered co-operation, Union Minister of Roadways, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari said today.
"I am ready to offer Rs 50,000 crore worth of road networks if the state government co-operates. Only problem in road sector is land acquisition. It is a very difficult task," he said at a meeting organised by Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry here tonight.
Noting that the government was focusing more on concrete roads instead of bitumen, he said, "my target is within five years we have to develop Rs five lakh crore of road networks (across the country)".
"I am making a public statement. My request to state government is they should coordinate with us. We will sit and discuss. Our intention is to develop good infrastructure. Land acquisition is very important and difficult task," he said.
Observing that 12 projects concerned with Tamil Nadu were in progress, he said 10 projects had been taken up while two projects were under litigation in the Supreme Court .
On the Shipping related projects, he said India was very much backward due to lack of infrastructure and lot of initiatives need to be taken up.
"We need ship building and ship breaking projects. We are searching for joint ventures," he said.
"Even in the meeting we had today, we decided to develop Kolachal Port in Kanyakumari District in Tamil Nadu," he said.
He said the government was mulling to change the 1988 Motor Vehicle Act and bring in more procedures ensuring "efficiency" and "transparency".
"We don't want to play politics... I have taken responsibility that we should increase two per cent of GDP in two years at least in my sector," he said.
Earlier in the day, Gadkari, who is on a two-day visit to Tamil Nadu, interacted with top officials of Chennai Port Trust and Ennore Port Ltd here.
He is scheduled to make an aerial visit of Sethusamudram project Tamil Nadu tomorrow.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G K Vasan splits Tamil NaduCongressG K Vasan is surrounded by supporters in Chennai after he announced his decision. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:12 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 1:14 am
Former union shipping minister  G K Vasan quit the Congress along with his supporters on Monday and announced the launch of a new political party in Tamil Nadu. The move is identical to the one made by his father, the late G K Moopanar, in 1996, when he left the Congress to form the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC) a few days before the general elections.
Vasan announced the decision at a media briefing in Chennai on Monday, after meeting district-level functionaries and leaders who he says assured him their support. He said the name and the symbol of the new party would be unveiled in Trichy soon.
In New Delhi, the Congress announced it was expelling Vasan.  Party spokesman Ajoy Kumar said Vasan has been “expelled” with immediate effect for his “inappropriate” statements.
ALSO READ: History repeats itself?
These statements were aimed largely at AICC general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu Mukul Wasnik. Wasnik and B S Gnanadesikan, a close aide of Vasan and until recently the party chief in Tamil Nadu, had faced off at a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, where Wasnik reportedly opposed the TNCC’s decision to launch a membership drive using pictures of veteran Tamil Nadu leaders K Kamaraj and Moopanar on the membership cards. Sources said Wasnik demanded that the cards have pictures only of Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi. Later, Gnanadesikan quit as party unit chief, setting the stage for Vasan’s breakaway move.
Wasnik dismissed the Vasan camp’s allegations as baseless. PTI quoted him as saying, “I am not aware of any single reason (for the parting of ways by Vasan). He has enjoyed all respect within the party. He was a minister in the UPA government and was an important leader of the party in Tamil Nadu.”
In Chennai, Vasan said he was worried about the way the Congress was functioning in Tamil Nadu. He said the party would follow the path set by Kamaraj and Moopanar.
Moopanar had formed the TMC with a large number of leaders and all 20 Congress MPs after then prime minister Narasimha Rao had decided to strike an alliance with the AIADMK without consulting the state unit. If that was a blow, Vasan’s move comes when the Congress is already struggling in Tamil Nadu.
Vasan’s camp claimed three of the five Congress MLAs in the state would join the new party, though only two have confirmed it. Sources added that they would have the support of 18 to 20 of the 50 district committee presidents. Besides Gnanadesikan, former TMC leader Peter Alphonse was another important face that appeared alongside Vasan during Monday’s announcement.
New TNCC president E V K S Elangovan, who was appointed on Sunday after Gnanadesikan’s resignation, urged Vasan not to quit the party. However, continued…

Vacant NCPCR waits for new chief membersPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:56 am
For close to a month now, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) exists only on paper, with neither chairperson nor any of its six members in saddle. Women and child development secretary V S Oberoi is holding additional charge as NCPCR chairperson, pending the decision of a three-member committee on the appointment of a chairperson and subsequent appointment of members by the Central government.
Seats in the commission fell vacant after the tenure of former NCPCR chairperson Kushal Singh and the other six members ended on October 10. Incidentally, Singh had a rocky relationship with the NDA government ever since it took over in May. She alleged that she received “feelers” from the government to step down, but she refused to do so and stayed on till the end of her term.
Sources in the Women and Child Development Ministry said a three-member committee headed by Minister Maneka Gandhi is currently looking at the applications received for the NCPCR top post, advertisements for which were floated a couple of months back. Once the chairperson is appointed, the six members—dealing with education, child development, care of neglected/marginalised children, elimination of child labour, child psychology and laws related to children—will be nominated. According to the NCPCR Act, of the six members of the commission, two have to be women. Members need to be persons of eminence in the fields for which they are appointed.
A senior official of the Ministry said: “Unlike the NCW Act which gives the Central government powers to nominate a chairperson, the NCPCR Act is very specific about the mode of selection.”

Life under Islamic State in Iraq s Falluja: danger  rage and profitprint
After Islamic State seized Falluja in January it persuaded a man making covers for cars to sell suicide vests instead, one of many changes in the Iraqi city as it adapts to life under the ultra-hardline Sunni militants.
Islamic State is notorious for beheading or executing anyone who stands in its way when seizing cities and towns in Iraq and Syria that form its self-proclaimed caliphate, often using suicide bombers to make advances.
The militants have issued guidelines on life with their ideology, requiring all women to wear face veils, and banning the cigarettes and Western-style haircuts that were popular in Falluja before.
Many residents feel alienated by the changes. But in order to keep the "empire" and its holy war against governments and armies going, Islamic State also strikes deals with people like the tailor, according to recent visitors to Falluja who spoke to Reuters in Baghdad by telephone.
Islamic State provided a generator and free fuel, enabling him to boost profits and churn out suicide vests, belts and trousers from a building pockmarked by US bullets used against al Qaeda nearly a decade ago.
"I passed through hard times. I have children to feed. I chose this new profession willingly and I take responsibility for the outcome," the tailor said.
Like other people quoted in this story, his name has not been included for security reasons.
Falluja was the first Iraqi city to fall to Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot comprised of Arabs and foreign fighters who have threatened to march on nearby Baghdad.
During the US occupation of Iraq after Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003, it emerged as the main bastion of the Sunni insurgency in western Anbar province and swiftly became an al Qaeda stronghold. The US Marines fought over it with al Qaeda in 2004 in two of the biggest battles of the American war.
A decade later, Islamic State is deeply entrenched in Falluja, making it one of the main examples of what life could soon be like across swathes of Syria and Iraq under its ultra-hardline ideology.
The mainly tribal town in the Euphrates valley just west of Baghdad has long been a bastion of traditional religious and cultural practice. Even Saddam's secular dictatorship was alarmed by Islamists there. But even its deeply conservative population has often been uneasy with life under Islamic State.
All women who appear at the entrances of Falluja are given a free head-to-toe niqab, or veil, that they are forced to put on in a booth with tinted glass so that men can't see them.
Islamic State has guidelines on what is forbidden in pamphlets pasted on buildings and mosques across Falluja: no cigarettes or shisha water pipes as they might distract people from worship, no Western-style haircuts, no T-shirts with English writing or images of women.
Women are not allowed to leave home unaccompanied by a male relative, a rule that has deepened frustrations.
One witness recalled how a crowd gathered as a woman in her fifties who used to sell women's underwear, clothes and nail polish shouted outside the Falluja Islamic State court, which rules on everything from crimes to disputes between neighbours.
The woman was heading to the court to argue she should be allowed to walk alone because she is a widow and did not want to burden her brothers. She yelled at Islamic State militants just outside the courthouse.
"You say God does not accept a woman going outside her house alone. Then how could God accept you killing people?," a witness quoted the woman as saying.
A militant responded. "We would decapitate you if you were a man." The court ruled that she should be expelled from Falluja. She left with her belongings in a pickup truck and Islamic State took over her home.
Young girls under 12, the cut off age for enforcing the niqab, must wear a headscarf.
 
"Why do they force us to do something against our will? We were born free and it's unfair to be treated like this," said one woman whose six-year-old daughter was forced to wear a head scarf. Even shopfront mannequins must wear the niqab.
Strict guidelines
In the once smoke-filled cafes where residents would puff on water pipes, discuss the day's events and watch television, Islamic State now permits only sipping tea and viewing religious programmes, said a cafe owner.
One man inside a crowded city market said he had been caught smoking a shisha.
"Gunmen from Islamic State arrested me and took me to a cleric who warned me not to repeat this wrong act; otherwise I will be whipped," he said. "At this point I am resigned to the fact that we should carry arms and fight Islamic State in Falluja or we will end up as their slaves."
Young people who once escaped from Iraq's tragedies by working out at Falluja's Golan Sports Hall have watched Islamic State turn it into an auction house which offers furniture, refrigerators and carpets taken from government employees.
But while Islamic State has alienated some people with its methods, the group has also tried to win others over by providing basic services.
Militants driving trucks with Islamic State banners water trees by the roadside. The group employs cleaners to remove garbage from streets with pavements painted to match Islamic State's black and white flags.
In Fallujah, even the subsidised flour at state shops comes in sacks bearing Islamic State's logo.
Aside from their efforts to run Falluja like a state, Islamic State militants see it as a strategic asset in their drive to redraw the map of the Middle East.
US airstrikes, which have failed to slow Islamic State's advance in Anbar, have targeted the area around Falluja.
Islamic State militants have changed their movements to avoid detection, as special security teams in black ski masks search for infiltrators.
One witness said anyone caught filming is immediately surrounded, arrested and interrogated by Islamic State militants, mostly long-haired men who wear grey Taliban-style outfits, who are senior to men in beige.
Fighters on the frontline wear black.
Witnesses said the militants now travel in ordinary vehicles and motorcycles instead of pickup trucks mounted with anti-aircraft guns.
Tanks and armoured vehicles seized from defeated Iraqi troops are covered by tree branches and hidden in strategic areas, the witnesses said.
Despite the pressure of US airstrikes launched after Islamic State made fresh advances in recent months and began beheading Western hostages, the Sunni militants seem firmly in control of Falluja.
That means the tailor's dwindling business should keep flourishing. He has bought a second sewing machine.
The suicide outfits are made of tough waterproof material and come in black and beige. There are several kinds: one has chest pockets for explosives while another has pockets along the chest and upper back. The third has pockets hidden in trousers.
 
All three are piled high on the pavement for lack of space. The militants load the material on to a truck and set off to prepare for the next mission.
"I know that one day I may get arrested by (Iraqi) security forces. But they should know that I am doing this for the sake of my family," said the tailor.

New Delhi: 15-year-old serial rapist Detained for 2  probe on in 4The police on Monday apprehended a 15-year-old boy who they said raped two minor girls in south Delhi’s Amar Colony early this year. The teenager was also facing a probe in four more such cases, they said.
Advertisement
He was apprehended from a juvenile drug de-addiction centre in south-east Delhi where he was under treatment for the last few weeks, said sources.
“His exact age is 15 years and nine months. We are looking at his involvement in the other cases as well,” a police officer told HT on condition of anonymity.
Rising juvenile crime has led to a demand for changes in law. Maximum punishment that an underage delinquent can get is three years and that too in a reform home.
Involvement of a minor in the Delhi gang rape of a trainee physiotherapist and two boys in a Mumbai Shakti Mill case triggered a debate over the blanket immunity that the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000 gives to underage delinquents even to those involved in rape and murder.
A resident of Amar Colony, the teenager worked at an eatery when he raped a 10-year-old girl a few months ago, investigating officials alleged. He offered her a candy, took her to a nearby godown and raped her, the girl said in her complaint.
He raped a seven-year-old when he was on Diwali leave from the de-addiction centre, the police said. He took the girl to the terrace of an under-construction building near Garhi village in the neighbourhood and raped her, the seven-year-old’s father said.
A labourer, the man told the police that the boy had tried to strangle his daughter but fled when she raised an alarm.
CCTV footage from a camera installed in the local market helped them zero in on the accused, the police said. One of the victims identified the boy, they said.
 
The teenager told the police of a troubled childhood, said sources. He lost his parents at an early age and was living with his maternal grandmother, sources said. He was seven when a neighbor sodomised him. His friends, said sources, introduced him to drugs and alcohol, turning him into an addict.

Cheap technology key to clean GangaCheap technology key to clean Ganga
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 00:05 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:28 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
The government’s Ganga clean-up mission is facing a dire test, as it seeks to embark on a critical phase of the challenging task: Lack of effective, quickly deployable and economically viable technologies, which hold the key to success.
What appears to be a dry technical issue is actually a complicated problem. Industrial waste from over 700 “grossly polluting industries”, including the pulp and paper sector, has been a notorious source of pollution in at least five states through which the river flows.
Making them switch to a “zero liquid discharge” mode is a key target.
However, paper mills have told the government they can’t afford some of the measures mentioned in the charter circulated to them during recent consultations.
They, for instance, have said that in no country are paper mills subjected to zero-discharge norms.
Virtually all milestones in rejuvenating the sacred river – divided into short-term, medium-term and long-term phases — depend heavily on the use of technologies,
from zero liquid discharge to online monitoring. The big question is where to find them.
Paper mills, for instance, will require suitable technologies for “desired results without impacting their sustainability”.
However, a likely increase of 30%-40% in the cost of paper production, after accounting for investment in green technologies, make the goal of zero discharge “impractical in the present scenario”, assessment by the government shows.
The report notes the paper industry must “strive hard” to reduce effluents, despite having made some substantial improvement in recent years.
At present, paper mills have “wafer thin” profit margins of 10%-15% or even less, the review stated.
The government could shop for technologies abroad or develop them at home. Either way, it appears to be a long haul.

Pakistan blast: 8 kg heavy bomb recovered  diffused near border following fidayeen attackPakistan blast: 8 kg heavy bomb recovered  diffused near border following fidayeen attack
J&K: 2 killed as Armymen fire atcarPrint
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:44 am
Two civilians were killed and two were injured when troops of 53 Rashtriya Rifles allegedly opened fire at their car at Chitergam village in Pulwama district of J&K on Monday evening.
The Army said it regretted the killings and ordered an inquiry, while the police has registered a case against the Army.
Later, protests broke out in Nowgam village, from where both the victims hailed. Protesters pelted stones and raised anti-India slogans, forcing the police to use tear smoke shells to disperse them.
Official sources said that four youths, all in their 20s, were travelling in a Maruti car when the patrol party allegedly opened fire because the car didn’t stop at a few check points. The youths were taken to the Army Base Hospital after they were found to be civilians. While two of them, Faizal and Mehraj, succumbed on the way, the other two are recovering in the ICU.
Inspector General (Kashmir) Abdul Gani Mir told The Indian Express that a case has been registered against the Army. “This is an unfortunate incident… The law will take its course.”
A Defence Ministry spokesperson said that three checkposts were set up on the Nowgam-Pulwama road as specific intelligence reports indicated the movement of militants in a Maruti 800 there.
“At approximately 5 pm, a white Maruti 800 approached the first check point where the personnel tried to stop it, but the car did not stop. At the second point, too, the car was asked to stop but it did not. At the third check point, the vehicle tried to barge through the check point, resulting in the incident,” the spokesperson said.
The ruling NC has condemned the killings and asked the Election Commission to order an inquiry. “The EC should order a time-bound inquiry or authorise the state government to do so,” NC general secretary and Rural Development Minister Ali Mohammad Sagar said.
Separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani too condemned the killings.

BJP hands out reward and punishment in Jammu andKashmirBJP hands out reward and punishment in Jammu and Kashmir
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu |       November 4, 2014 6:58 am
Comments
From left: Hina Bhat in Amirakadal, Bali Bhagat in Rapur Domana, Jagdish Sapolia out of Basohli.
The BJP’s first list of 45 candidates for Jammu and Kashmir leaves out six MLAs whom it had found guilty of voting for National Conference-Congress nominees in the 2011 Legislative Council polls. It also drops Ashok Khajuria from Jammu East after party workers voted against him during a recent internal opinion poll.
The state has 87 seats. The BJP won 11 seats in 2008. Three years later, seven of these MLAs voted for NC-Congress nominees in the Legislative Council polls.
The 2014 list includes 13 Muslims, including the only woman among the 45. Dr Hina Bhat, daughter of a former National Conference MLA, has been fielded from Amirakadal.
Party spokesman Sunil Sethi described the list as the outcome of a well-thought-out process by the leadership, one that also kept in view the opinion of workers at the grassroots, but a group of supporters of local BJP leader Yudvir Sethi demonstrated at the party office in Jammu, while rejected MLA Baldev Raj Sharma described his omission as “betrayal”.
Apart from the 2011 cross-voting, Baldev was also facing criticism for ignoring his Reasi constituency after his election in 2008. He has been replaced with Ajay Nanda, the youngest son of the late Madho Lal Nanda, a hugely popular BJP leader.
Bali Bhagat replaces Bharat Bhushan Bodi in Rapur Domana. Bhagat is a BJP general secretary and an aggressive leader with a following in Chenab valley. He was in the forefront of the demand for village defence committees against terrorists.
Jagdish Raj Sapolia has been replaced with Ch Lal Singh in Basohli. The latter, a two-time Congress MLA and a two-time MP from Udhampur, had joined the BJP a few months ago.
The other sitting MLAs dropped are Durga Dass (Hiranagar), Master Lal Chand (Bani) and Prof Gharu Ram Bhagat (R S Pura). They have been replaced with Kuldeep Kumar, Jeevan Lal and Dr Gagan Bhagat respectively. Jeevan Lal is a retired tehsildar and a social worker who recently joined the party; Bhagat resigned as a government doctor some years ago.
When they had been suspended, the MLAs had revolted against the then legislature party leader by rallying around Chaman Lal Gupta. The party later expelled Gupta but eventually revoked the others’ suspension.

SC poser to govt on press note about ex-RAWofficerPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:27 am
The Supreme Court Monday asked the Centre whether it was open to withdrawing a press release that described a former woman RAW officer as mentally infirm. The government had more than five years ago posted a release on the PIB website, stating she allegedly had some mental problems. The officer, who was suspended for alleged dereliction in duty, however had challenged this and sought to have this stigma removed. She argued in person before the court. The court, willing to put this controversy to end, asked Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar to get instructions from the authorities concerned if they would withdraw the impugned release on their own.
SC orders CBI probe into MCI elections
The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear a plea for CBI inquiry into alleged manipulation in elections of the Medical Council of India. It issued notices to the Centre and the regulating body for medical profession. A PIL, filed by NGO People for Better Treatment, alleged that there had been rigging in the election held in December last, and sought independent probe.

Govt to form regulatory authority for healthmissionPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:20 am
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said Monday that the government would institutionalise a regulatory authority with vast powers to oversee enforcement of quality standards and consumer protection under the National Health Assurance Mission (NHAM).
“NHAM is going to be the biggest ever health outreach with universal health insurance as a strong component. While quantitatively India will leapfrog into a new era, quality should not be compromised. Quality and quantity are not mutually exclusive,” the minister said at a two-day convention on public health.
He added that an expert body headed by Prof Ranjit Ray Choudhury had recommended that NHAM should be accountable to the people for deficiencies in the delivery of health services. That is why principles of consumer protection would come into play. Safety, effectiveness and positive patient experience would be the key points, the minister pointed out.
NHAM has been conceived as a partly insurance-based scheme that borrows from CGHS, Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana and the Arogyashri scheme of Andhra Pradesh.

ART Bill on IVF may come up in wintersessionPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:16 am
The long-awaited bill to regulate the mushrooming business of assisted reproduction — comprising surrogacy and in-vitro fertilization (IVF) procedures — is likely to be tabled in the Parliament’s winter session.
The guidelines, framed by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), have been pending since 2010.
They were amended in 2013 and have undergone slight changes this year, said Dr R Sharma, deputy director general, ICMR.
The ART (Regulation) Bill proposes to make it mandatory for all IVF clinics and ART (assisted reproductive technology) banks to get accredited, following which licences will be issued to them. According to Sharma, of the over 20,000 clinics projected to be in the country, only 274, including 112 ART banks, are enrolled with the ICMR.
“Our focus is to frame ethical and legal guidelines which will focus on health-care of donors and surrogates. There are several grey areas in this industry, especially when foreign nationals are concerned. All these issues will be tackled,” Sharma said at a conference of Indian Society for Third Party Assisted Reproduction Sunday.
The bill will demand health insurance of surrogates and sperm/oocyte donors along with proper legal rights.

Cadre at grassroots adores him  but he isnt hisfatherPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:16 am
To most Congress watchers, G K Vasan’s breakaway move brings to mind a precedent they identify with his roots. In 1996, his father the late G K Moopanar too had split the Congress, taking into the Tamil Maanila Congress the cream of the parent party.
The question everyone is asking, therefore, is whether Vasan and his new party, yet to be named, can hurt the Congress as much as the TMC did. And many, including leaders who were with the TMC until it reunified with the Congress, say there is no comparison.  For one thing, the Congress had a lot more to lose then. Besides, as a Congress veteran formerly with the TMC put it, “Vasan is a decent person. But he is not his father.”
Another former TMC leader, who served as a union minister, said it was unwise of Vasan to have quit the party at this moment, when the parent party itself is struggling. “When we joined the TMC, it was in protest against Narasimha Rao’s decision to strike an alliance with AIADMK when Jayalalithaa was facing major corruption cases,” the leader said. “Forming the TMC was a decision agreed on wholeheartedly by cadres across the state. We had 20 MPs then (all went with the TMC) and the party’s vote share was 15 per cent. Now the Congress has only a 4.5 per cent vote share. A split will ruin both the Congress and Vasan.”
Though few would compare Vasan’s  stature with his father’s, many feel Vasan does enjoy a better cadre base than, say, new TNCC chief E V K S Elangovan or Congress veteran P Chidambaram, one of the erstwhile TMC’s key leaders. Several district committee leaders and functionaries are Vasan loyalists, while lower-level cadres find Vasan more accessible than Chidambaram.
“If even a junior party member from the districts goes all the way to Delhi to meet Vasan, he will welcome him personally, arrange his accommodation and make sure his return ticket is booked,” concedes a party leader from Chennai, who has kept a distance from both the Vasan and the Chidambaram camps. He says Chidambaram comes across as far less accessible.
Out of 50 district committee presidents, up to 20 are said to be Vasan loyalists, while 15 of the rest are loyal to the Chidambaram camp in the parent party. Though the Vasan camp had earlier claimed three of five MLAs with them, only two have confirmed they plan to join the new party.
But support at the grassroots may or may not work when the leader breaks away, depending on whether a worker’s loyalty is greater to the party or to the leader. Besides, despite the sea of supporters who surrounded him on Monday, a sign of the warmth they have for him, Vasan is not known as a good orator or a crowd-puller.
Vasan’s camp includes S R Balasubramaniam and Peter Alphonse, a leader with a strong following in Christian belts in southern Tamil Nadu. The role of Elangovan is uncertain, as he is not seen continued…

Street Talk: Downgrade for Deansstreet talk: downgrade for deans
Saudi oil minister to make rare trips to Venezuela  MexicoSaudi oil minister to make rare trips to Venezuela  Mexico
China vows stronger ties with PakistanChina vows stronger ties with Pakistan
Airline stocks take off on cut in jet fuel pricesHi Guest
Airline stocks take off on cut in jet fuel prices
On November 1, ATF rates were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent Mumbai: Shares of airline companies surged as much as 10 per cent after Jet fuel (ATF) rates were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent. On November 1, ATF rates were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent, the fourth ...

Maruti Suzuki Swift  Nissan s Datsun Go fail global crash testMaruti Suzuki Swift  Nissan s Datsun Go fail global crash test
Israeli statesman Peres sees promise for peace in global ageIsraeli statesman Peres sees promise for peace in global age
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, 91, shown in Chicago on Tuesday, was in town to raise money for the Jewish United Fund.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, 91, shown in Chicago on Tuesday, was in town to raise money for the Jewish United Fund. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Shimon Peres, at 91, still gives peace a chance.
Israel peace legend Peres sees hope in globalization.
Israeli elder statesman Shimon Peres, at age 91, could be forgiven if he were to throw up his hands in despair after decades of failure to broker peace between his countrymen and the Palestinians. Instead, the Nobel laureate chooses to remain optimistic.
From his vantage point, globalization of the world's economies, with the advent of warp-speed communications and cross-border deals, has the potential to ease centuries of intolerance throughout the world.
"If you have a global world, you cannot have racism. Finished," said Peres, who was in town this week to raise money for the Jewish United Fund.
  Open link
Having stepped down from the ceremonial role of Israel's president in July, Peres is turning his attention to advising corporations on how they can play a role in the development of technological, medical and educational projects throughout the Middle East, and along the way help foster peace.
In a wide-ranging interview with the Tribune, edited for length, he shared his vision.
Q: It has been 21 years since the Oslo Accords, and still there is no peace with the Palestinians. We have seen a high toll from the warfare over the summer and extremism rising in the Middle East. Do you see any reason for hope?
8
A: I do. People got the impression that for 20 or 21 years, Israel was put in the refrigerator, and nothing has happened. That is not the case. The relevant problems for Israel are no longer the area between the Jordan River and the sea. Instead of armies, you have terror. Terror is not two sides. Terror is (a) hundred sides, maybe a thousand sides. They come from the Middle East, but they are the greatest danger to the Arab people because they destroy nations. So I think the real problem of the Arab world is not the state of Israel. … It is a merging of those terrorist groups who break their bones, their backbones. They maybe will feel eventually that Israel is (a) partner to solve it.
Q: There has been a lot of discussion about tension between the White House and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. To what extent does that hinder resuming the peace process, which fell apart in April?
0
A: I think American-Israeli relations are not just a matter of politics. There is depth to it. America is the only story in history of becoming great by giving and not by taking. It became a great country by helping other countries to keep their security, to keep their liberty. So let's keep a sense of proportion. I think most, the majority of Israelis, want peace, they are ready to pay the price and they agree to have a two-state solution.
Q: What happened in April that led to the peace process falling apart?
A: Maybe the expectations were too high on both sides, and every party accused the other party of slowing it down. The division was about what would come first: Israel's insisting on security (or) the Palestinians insisting on independence or borders. It's very hard to negotiate peace. You have to not only convince the opponent but even your own people. Compromise, contrary to victory, is not a very important achievement in the eyes of the people.
Q: Are you left frustrated?
A: Yes, there are ups and downs. It goes down, it's not the end of the story. I remain a believer that we can resume the negotiations, and we can achieve a peace. Not only because Israel is stronger, but also I have to admit that the Arabs, too, have changed their positions. They say, "Yes, we are ready to negotiate.:
 
Q: There has been a lot of outrage toward Israel over the fighting in Gaza and the high death toll and destruction there. What is your answer to some of the anger?
A: We were sure once we left Gaza (in 2005) there won't be any shooting. At the beginning, Gaza was under the control of the Palestinian Authority, but then Hamas overthrew them. And they started to terrorize. So Israel was left without a choice.
Q: At the moment, there is a lot of focus on plans for more settlements. Where do settlements fit into this conversation?
A: Even under the Clinton administration, there was an agreement that would be three blocks of Jewish settlements in the West Bank. But Arabs claim the settlers were expanding this permission, and it's still a very hot issue, very complicated.
Q: What is next on your agenda?
A: I think we live in a new age. And a new age is basically going from depending upon the land to depending upon science. Science doesn't have armies, science doesn't have borders, science doesn't have flags. And today, the high-tech economy is doing much better than national economies. The message I can deliver them is, "Look, terror will find and affect you too. And you have to participate in the overall effort to bring an end to the terrible head-cutting. Stop it." I would recommend that you have a look at the reasons for the creation of terror, which is poverty, ignorance, misuse of the meaning of religion, and here you can help a great deal.
Q: How do you see your own role in this?
A: My own role is more of a matchmaker. I think we have enough information to advise the companies who may be good partners. Companies don't go in the name of governments, and I don't think national governments will oppose to it. To the contrary, they need it.

Connecting large and small companiesConnecting large and small companies
Connecting large and small companies
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about large and small companies connecting through innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about large and small companies connecting through innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)

If Your Web Site Is Driving Marketing Strategy  You Are in TroubleToo many businesses fail miserably at good web site design.
Every web site is a living/breathing digital asset and has to be developed accordingly.
Your business is just homesteading on social media platforms but you own your web site.
Invest your marketing resources accordingly.
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and the next billion dollar valuation social platform may be cool; but, they all serve their investors and stock owners out of necessity.
Don't even think about developing a web site until you've done a deep dive customer focus.
In start up "billion dollar" speak this is called a persona profile. It's an exercise you want to go through.
Has a dedicated customer profile exercise been done?
How has the customer journey been mapped?
Who tests usability issues within the company?
Who owns the customer experience?
Who responds and/or addresses questions from customers via social media?
Is a customer relationship technology or platform being utilized?
Do you have an internal FAQ and external that addressed common customer issues and questions?
How do you ensure a consistent high quality experience for the customer across all digital touch points?
Over the years one of the most challenging issues all agencies face far too often is web site is driving marketing strategy.
It should be the other way around: don't think about web site design as a "bolt on" to your business strategy.
In the end it's going to cost you money and waste a lot of time.
Work on your marketing strategy and marry left and right brain issues: branding, design, User Interface, content structure, lead generation and sales funnel integration.
Once you really know who the customer is you can map out other critical marketing strategies that should be baked in to your design.
What's the product or service going to sell for and how to you communicate this to the market?
How do analytics and sales funnel metrics tie into the web site; what's a lead or desired outcome for a visitor other than perusing the site.
What's your content marketing strategy and how does it mesh with your web site?
Sense of urgency drivers for the web site. What calls to action are desired for the visitor?
Legacy content and information; how will this be archived in a meaningful way to continue to drive traffic.
An understanding of the importance of great Titles and Section headers. These drive the visitors into the web site and help to generate revenue, sales leads and engagement.
You've done a persona profile analysis right? Does your design team understand how to build a web site that piques the interest of and engages this target?
Cloud integration: apps, third party services, appropriate server and/or hosting vendor.
Understanding users "read" web site content in F Shaped Patterns.
Tactical Web Site Design Gotchas that Must Be Addressed
For good function web site design, think in iterative processes: 1.0 then 2.0 - don't get bogged down into feature creep. It's a time killer and 60 day project can easily turn into 3-4 months.
Give your designers (in house or agency) enough leeway to give them buy in to the project. You have to balance your business objectives with the creative process.
Build your site on a test server first and assess all functionality; then, move to your standard server.
Hosting is now almost all generic and the biggest "gotcha" we see with hosting is crowded servers. If your not using a dedicated Server like RackSpace who you use (assuming standard CPanel access is in place) makes little difference who you use.
Don't stand up a web site without some kind of sales funnel with at least "crude A/B testing for product or service sales and an integrated newsletter list.
To a certain extent you get what you pay for. The web is loaded with funky looking web template sites where "price" was the overriding factor and many of them reflect what was invested. These markets are crowded and your web site look and feel is a key determinant of branding and customer perception.
Recognize 30-50% of your traffic is coming in via mobile - let this be one of the key determinants of your design (UX/UII): less is more.
Here's a link to a standard two page informal questionnaire we use on all web site design projects that should be helpful in Word format.
You can Synthesize every Web Site Down into these four Steps
Content Strategy: what's the purpose of the web site and how does it pique the interest of the visitor?
Information Architecture: what's the structure of content on each page (text, images, videos, menus)?
Visual Design: how do images or video work with the content and enhance the information architecture?
Development Process: making the content, information architecture, lead gen system all work together seamlessly.
Smartphone Summary for Time Challenged Execs
Don't think of a web site as an asset you invest in and then ignore. You're wasting marketing resources if you do.
Great web sites are dynamic, with frequency updates to the core content and of course your blog.
Remember, you "get what you pay for" with design and images.
Getty images are much higher quality than most of the low cost dreck that passes for quality images used via many sites.
Last but not least. Infrastructure is so often overlooked as an integral part of web site design.
Your server provisioning, hosting provider, integrated apps and forms and even your Domain Name provider settings are all critical parts of great web site design.

Strong Culture and Leadership Critical for Nonprofit Board Strategic Successreddit
The National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) is conducting a series of sessions focusing on board "challenges and opportunities expected in the next five to seven years."
Following is how I perceive one of the session's results (in bold) could apply to helping nonprofit boards focus on culture, leadership and achieve strategic success:
• Inherent in the board-(management) relationship is an information imbalance:  Nonprofit directors have been humorously described as birds of flight through a nonprofit organization. They do not have daily organizational contact, and board members' tenures usually range from two to six years.  As a result, communications between the board and management is often inconsistent.
The board and management must develop a trust culture where actionable information, supplied by management, supports board expectations. This kind of collaboration leads to reasonable board oversight and forms the cultural bases for the development of thoughtful policies and strategies.
• With an expanding board agenda, process and expectation settings are critical: The time frame for nonprofit board meetings has not changed in decades. If the meeting is monthly or bi-monthly, it is usually one to two hours, plus an annual retreat.   Consequently nonprofit directors have to find ways of evaluating more
information in shorter time frames.  Major challenge has been to develop processes to permit the board to complete its overview functions without allowing directors to dive deeply into unnecessary operational issues. This is especially true of issues having human relations content that often distract the meetings.   The board chair needs to assume significant responsibility for this effort, as he/s  often can act as a de facto parliamentarian to help move the discussion away from operational tasks.   However, it will take a succession of strong proactive board chairs before it can become part of the board culture and be recognized leadership quality.
• An empowered lead director... can help mitigate the risk of information imbalance. ... and can break down some of the roadblocks that may develop between the management and directors: Lead directors have been successfully used in public operations for about 10 years to  help directors focus on (1) board policy and strategy efforts and (2) to assist the board chair with duties, such as making certain committee work is on schedule and on target.
I strongly believe that a modified form of lead directorship might be employed by nonprofit boards to make certain that sufficient effort is being given to strategy development and evaluation, to assist the board chair with a large board and to act as a consultant occasionally to the CEO.   It will take a substantial cultural shift for nonprofits to move in the direction of adopting Lead Directors.  Following is a link to my proposal.
• Ultimately, the board has to make winning decisions that are informed by data: Not being able to afford the time and money to develop excellent metrics to assess behavioral impacts, nonprofits often have to garner value from utilizing imperfect metrics.   These data are anecdotal, subjective, interpretative and qualitative.  The metrics can rely on a small sample, uncontrolled situational factors, or they cannot be precisely replicated.
Instead of failing to measure long-term organizational qualitative outcomes, boards can exercise prudence and good sense in using imperfect measures.  Developing a board culture and leadership that can effectively use imperfect metrics will require a board-management partnership willing to improve on the process quality of the metrics over time.
• The board should identify which stakeholders are critical to the strategic plan and target communications to those groups.  Nonprofits have a pleathera of stakeholder group to consider as communications targets.  However, they do not always do a good job with some groups.  Example: Many former board members often only receive routine boilerplate requests for donations or copies of annual reports.     In the future, board cultures will require director interpersonal involvement with important stakeholder groups, such as former directors.
Although these challenges and opportunities are forecasted for for-profit boards, it is like that they also will impact nonprofit directors.   Experience has shown that although the for-profit focuses on stockholder return and the nonprofit on accomplishing a mission, each can operationally learn a great deal from the other, especially when it comes to culture and leadership.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Nonprofits Culture & Leaderfship Board Reltionships to Stakeholds Lead Directors Nonprofit Qualitative Outcomes.
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Vote for Yourself Tuesdayreddit
The rich always vote for themselves. They go for their self-interest, their tax breaks, their liability escapes (think Wall Street). Meanwhile, they’ve relentlessly instructed the non-rich that they too must vote for the rich.
They’ve promised for decades that if the 99 percent just comply with the wishes of the wealthy, bow down, kiss their feet, shine their shoes, then some paltry portion of the bucket-loads of dough that the rich are amassing will dribble down upon the 99 percent.
That trickle-down trick didn’t work for the vast majority of Americans. The rich got richer, all right. But the rest slid backwards. Now income inequality is worse than it was during the era of robber barons. It’s time to turn that around. Political leaders must focus on the needs of the 99 percent. For that to happen, the 99 percent must vote for themselves on Tuesday. They must go for their self-interest, their wages, their health insurance, their Social Security. 
Vote for higher wages for the 99 percent.
Minimum wage workers in the United States are paid so little that taxpayers subsidize the likes of Walmart and Wendy’s through government programs such as food stamps and Medicaid. That doesn’t happen everywhere.
As the New York Times pointed out last week , McDonald’s, Burger King and Starbucks all pay their workers in Denmark at least $20 an hour and provide paid vacations and pensions. And the companies still make profits.
The one percenter CEOs of these companies, who demand millions in pay for themselves, have squashed efforts to raise the U.S minimum wage, a pittance stuck five years at $7.25. Instead of improving paychecks, McDonald’s told its workers to get second jobs, forego heat in their homes and find health insurance for $20 a month.
When the minimum wage rises, it bumps up pay for everyone else. The 99 percent benefit.  And the majority supports lifting the wage.
Voting for raises means voting for Democrats. President Obama has called for an increase, and U.S. Labor Secretary Tom Perez said the U.S. minimum wage is an international embarrassment.  “I mean, we suck. We really do,” he said.
Republicans have consistently blocked a raise. New Jersey’s GOP Gov. Chris Christie, the nation’s fourth highest paid governor at $175,000 a year, said last month that he is “tired of hearing about the minimum wage.”
Vote for health insurance for the 99 percent.
The majority of Americans believe that health insurance should be accessible to everyone. The Affordable Care Act moved the nation closer to that, enabling tens of millions to get covered.
It prevented insurers from dumping clients when they get sick and from denying coverage to those with pre-existing conditions, like diabetes. It covered millions of young people to age 26 on their parents’ plans. It protected millions with an expansion of Medicaid.
National surveys have shown that low-income Americans are obtaining health insurance at a faster rate than the rich. There are two reasons for this. The rich already were covered. And the law was designed to help the working poor. This is creating fairness in access to medical care.  
Republicans hate the law. Two dozen GOP governors refused to expand Medicaid in their states, and those places now suffer from the highest rate of uninsured residents . Republicans are so intent on denying health care to the working poor that they rejected a program that would cost them nothing for three years.  
Now, Mitch McConnell, the Republican minority leader in the Senate, has again pledged to repeal the Affordable Care Act if the GOP takes control of his chamber. Republicans want to regress to higher inequality in health insurance coverage.
Vote to preserve and expand Social Security and Medicare.
These programs are not priorities of the rich. The wealthy are riding high on golden parachutes, gilded pensions, tax-sheltered off-shore accounts, and the built-in security of immense salaries. Social Security wouldn’t pay their country club fees.  
For the rest, however, Social Security and Medicare mean fear relief. They’re crucial to the 99 percent.
For years now, however, Republicans have tried to privatize, cut and destroy these programs.  U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan, the ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee, repeatedly has issued a “roadmap” for an America in which the rich drive new Ferraris bought with tax breaks and the rest forfeit their wheels because of cuts to Social Security, Medicaid and Medicare .
The overwhelming majority of Americans oppose cuts. Among Democrats, there’s a movement to increase benefits by lifting the $117,000 cap, after which income no longer is taxed for Social Security. The cap means that the rich pay proportionately less into Social Security than the rest.
Vote for the overwhelming majority, the non-rich, to get their needs met.
The nation’s richest are more politically engaged and get easier access to high-level politicians than the 99 percent. That isn’t just obvious. It’s also according to surveys and interviews of one-percenters conducted by three university professors. They are Northwestern University’s Benjamin I. Page and Jason Seawright and Vanderbilt’s Larry M. Bartels. Their report is called Democracy and the Policy Preferences of Wealthy Americans.
The rich minority gets its way. Bartels and another researcher showed in earlier studies that federal government policy corresponds much more closely with the wishes of the rich than the needs of the rest.
Bartels, author of Unequal Democracy: The Political Economy of the New Gilded Age , has noted that no other rich country came close to the United States in cutting the budget based on class preferences. It went this way: the workers lost programs; the wealthy kept perks.
This has got to change. And it could.  In states with low voter turnout inequality – that is balloting by the non-rich more closely matching participation rates by the wealthy – there are higher minimum wages, stricter anti-predatory lending laws and better health benefits for the working poor. In other words, when workers vote, they’re more likely to get what they want from politicians.
Vote for yourself on Tuesday. 
Follow Leo W. Gerard on Twitter: www.twitter.com/uswblogger
More:

SREI Infrastructure Finance NCD issue over-subscribedJ. Moses
(According to the company…)
KOLKATA: Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited on Monday said that its public issue of secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs), with a base issue of Rs 250 crore has been oversubscribed by 1.33 times, amounting to Rs 332.60 crore.
The issue had opened for subscription on September 29, 2014 and closed on October 31, 2014.
According to the company release, Srei Infrastructure Finance had filed the shelf prospectus for raising Rs 1,500 crore from the market. The company launched the first tranche of Rs 250 crore on September 29, 2014. The bonds with a tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 % to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 %. Bonds maturing in three years will offer an annual coupon of 11 % to institutional and non-institutional investors and 11.50 % to retail investors. The 5-year bonds will yield 11.25 % to institutional and non- institutional investors and 11.75 % to retail ones. The company is offering a monthly coupon payment options for bonds maturing in 3 and 5 years.
"The over subscription indicates a growing retail appetite for secure investment products.... we will continue to periodically tap the market with NCDs," J. Moses Harding, Group CEO, liability and treasury management, Srei Infrastructure, was quoted in the release.
ICICI Securities, A.K. Capital Services, Edelweiss Financial Services, SPA Capital Advisors and Srei Capital Markets were lead managers to the issue. Karvy Investor Services, Integrated Enterprises (India), RR Investors Capital Services, SMC Capitals and Bajaj Capital were co-lead managers to the issue. Karvy Computer was registrar to the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can Oil Producers Handle a $70 Per Barrel PriceCan Oil Producers Handle a $70 Per Barrel Price?
Can Oil Producers Handle a $70 Per Barrel Price?
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Thomas Petrie, chairman at Petrie Partners, and Christopher Grisanti, chief executive officer at Grisanti Capital Management, discuss how oil producers can deal with a drop in oil prices to $70 per barrel. They speak on ¿Market Make
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Thomas Petrie, chairman at Petrie Partners, and Christopher Grisanti, chief executive officer at Grisanti Capital Management, discuss how oil producers can deal with a drop in oil prices to $70 per barrel. They speak on ¿Market Make

http://usat.ly/1zsqDAWFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty'
Actor Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) provided his likeness, voice and body movements for the character of Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.'
Post to Facebook
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty' Actor Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) provided his likeness, voice and body movements for the character of Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.' Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tL9cIf
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty'
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 1:11 p.m. EDT November 1, 2014
Kevin Spacey provided his likeness, movements and voice for the character Jonathan Irons in the video game "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare."
(Photo: Activision)
118 CONNECT 58 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The developers of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare wanted Kevin Spacey to channel House of Card's diabolical leading man Frank Underwood in his acting session for the new game, out Monday.
Instead, Spacey delivered a performance even more evil than Underwood for the protagonist, Jonathan Irons.
The CEO of a global private military firm, Irons becomes unhinged and goes "off the hook," Spacey, 55, says.
When the game makers at Sledgehammer Games approached Spacey, he says, he liked that Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare would explore the potential dark side of private military corporations. As for Irons, he adds, "I thought it was a character I could really sink my teeth into."
Battle fatigue could slow the advance of 'Call of Duty'
Compared to a film, for which Spacey usually sees a completed script, the actor signed on for Call of Duty when the game's premise was just an idea. "It was a leap of faith," he says, "because they were going to have me help them develop it as it went along."
One of his suggestions led to a pivotal scene in which Irons speaks to the United Nations.
Also new to the actor was the process of capturing his face with high-res cameras and performing in a studio where his movements were recorded for the computer-generated Irons. Wearing a black jumpsuit with "dots all over my face and tags all over my body," Spacey says, he delivered dialogue on an empty soundstage with modest generic props.
Actor Kevin Spacey at Giant Studios in Manhattan Beach, Calif., for a performance capture session. He provided his likeness, movements and voice for the character Jonathan Irons in the video game 'Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.'
(Photo: Activision)
Then, he would go to the monitor and see a generic version of himself in action in the game's software.
"I'm in there standing in a helicopter, I would say my lines and walk off and get into a jeep, and it drives away," he says.  "It's remarkable. It makes me wonder if someday down the line … will I actually be able to act with Spencer Tracy?"
Spacey's House of Cards character is a video-game player. Spacey himself is not, but has since played some of the new Call of Duty game "to see it and see what it does," he says.
Sledgehammer envisioned Spacey in the role prior to the success of House of Cards. His gravitas elevates the game's story, says studio co-founder and Head of Development Michael Condrey.
"He steps on stage and performs as Jonathan Irons with the power and emotion only he can bring," says Condrey. "I think he has really brought something compelling and new to the narrative of Call of Duty."
118 CONNECT 58 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tL9cIf
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Top-selling vehicles in the US in October... 
The Associated Press | November 3, 2014 03:58 PM EST | Associated Press
Automakers announced October U.S. car and truck sales on Monday. Here are the top sellers, the number of vehicles sold and the percent change from a year ago:

Analyst expects $89B in online holiday sales...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — This year more Americans than ever are expected to make their lists, check them twice, and then click the "add to cart" button.
Forrester Research said Monday that it expects U.S. consumers to spend $89 billion online in November and December. That's up 13 percent, or about $10 billion, from a year ago.
Analyst Sucharita Mulpuru said she thinks online shopping will make up 14 percent of total retail spending over that period. She estimated that 3.4 million Americans will try holiday shopping online for the first time this year.
Forrester's figures exclude spending on items such as gasoline, travel, restaurants and autos, except for replacement parts.
Mulpuru said her estimate would be higher if Thanksgiving were occurring earlier. The holiday always falls between Nov. 22 and 28, and it will be on Nov. 27 this year. That means the busy holiday shopping period between Thanksgiving and Christmas is shorter than in most years. In 2013, Thanksgiving was on Nov. 28.
Mulpuru said shipping networks could suffer from delays again because of the high volume of online sales. In 2013 UPS and FedEx both reported delays because of overloaded systems, poor weather and the shortened holiday period.

Co-host of NPR s Car Talk dies at 77...and
versions
BOSTON (AP) — Tom Magliozzi, one half of the brother duo who hosted National Public Radio's "Car Talk," where they bantered with callers and commiserated over their car problems, died Monday of complications from Alzheimer's disease, the news organization said. He was 77 years old.
"Car Talk" was NPR's most popular entertainment program for years, reaching more than 4 million people a week on more than 600 radio stations across the country at its peak. It continued to be a top-rated show even after the brothers stopped taping live shows in 2012 and the network began airing reruns and archived materials.
Car Talk Executive Producer Doug Berman, in a statement posted on NPR's website, said Magliozzi's "dominant, positive personality" will be missed. "He and his brother changed public broadcasting forever," he said. "Before Car Talk, NPR was formal, polite, cautious..even stiff."
The duo, which called themselves "Click and Clack, the Tappet Brothers," mixed sound advice about repairing cars with sharp one-liners, self-deprecating humor and off-topic digressions on philosophy and the mysteries of life.
"I like to drive with the windows open. I mean, before you know it, you're going to spend plenty of time sealed up in a box anyway, right?" Tom once quipped on-air.  The brothers always ended their shows with a catchphrase — "Don't drive like my brother" — delivered in their signature Boston accents.
Ray Magliozzi affectionately teased his late brother, who was 12 years his senior, in a statement posted on Car Talk's website: "Turns out he wasn't kidding...He really couldn't remember last week's puzzler."
The Cambridge, Massachusetts, brothers were an unlikely radio duo. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduates opened a car repair shop in the early 1970s.
As the story goes, Tom was invited to a radio round-table discussion with other local auto mechanics on Boston's NPR affiliate, but was the only one to actually show up. He impressed the station's producers, however, and was invited back the following week. Tom brought along Ray, and "Car Talk" was born.
The weekly Boston-produced program began airing in 1977 and became nationally-broadcast starting in 1987.
Magliozzi was born June 28, 1937, in a largely Italian-American section of East Cambridge. According to NPR, he was the first in his family to attend college, earning a chemical engineering degree. Besides running a car repair business, Magliozzi worked at times as a consultant and college professor.
Magliozzi is survived by his first and second wives, three children, five grandchildren, and his close companion of recent years, Sylvia Soderberg, NPR said in a statement. In lieu of followers, the family has requested fans make a donation in his memory to either their local NPR station or the Alzheimer's Association.

15 charged in armed takeover that closed casino...and
versions
COARSEGOLD, Calif. (AP) — Prosecutors have filed charges against 15 people in the armed takeover of a Central California casino at the center of a power struggle between factions of a Native American tribe.
The group's leader, Tex McDonald, 64, surrendered Monday to the Madera County Sheriff's Office along with three other suspects, Sheriff John Anderson said in a news release. Another man was arrested Sunday.
Deputies remain on the lookout for 10 others wanted on charges that include kidnapping, false imprisonment and assault with a firearm. Bail for McDonald was set at $1 million.
The charges stem from a dispute between rival factions of the Picayune Rancheria of the Chukchansi Indians vying for control of the Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino northeast of Fresno.
Authorities closed the casino's doors last month after one group attempted a takeover. More than a dozen people stormed the casino with weapons, sending hundreds of gamblers running with chips still on the tables. Nobody was seriously hurt.
The group has said it sought to obtain financial records to complete overdue audits.
A federal judge has ruled in favor of the state's attorney general to keep the casino closed until the dispute is settled. The National Indian Gaming Commission also ordered the casino closed.
Madera County District Attorney Michael Keitz told the Fresno Bee (http://bit.ly/1ws2NCR ) the charges make each defendant eligible for a state prison sentence. He announced the charges Friday, saying the suspects can surrender or be arrested.
Attorney David Leibowitz, who represents members of the faction facing charges, said the men did nothing illegal and put no casino customers in danger. He said the group intends to work with prosecutors to resolve the case quickly and clear the men's names.
The casino employed 1,100 people — most of them now laid off — and profits funded monthly checks to tribal members.
___
Information from: The Fresno Bee, http://www.fresnobee.com

Grain mixed  livestock higher...November 3, 2014 03:28 PM EST | Associated Press
CHICAGO (AP) — Grain futures were mixed Monday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for Dec delivery rose 5.75 cents to $5.3825 a bushel; Dec corn was 3.25 cents lower at 3.735 a bushel; Dec oats gained 11 cents to $3.4725 a bushel; while Jan soybeans lost 19.5 cents to $10.2975 a bushel.
Beef and pork were higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Dec live cattle rose 1 cent to $1.6705 a pound; Jan feeder cattle gained 1.33 cents to $2.2980 a pound; while Dec lean hogs were .83 cent higher at $.8885 a pound.

Hyundai-Kia to pay US $100M for overstating mpg...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Korean automakers Hyundai and Kia will pay the U.S. government a $100 million civil penalty to end a two-year investigation into overstated gas mileage figures on window stickers on 1.2 million vehicles.
The penalty, announced Monday by the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, is the first under new rules aimed at limiting the amount of heat-trapping gases cars are allowed to emit. Those regulations are a cornerstone of President Barack Obama's plans to combat global warming and are achieved largely through improving vehicle fuel economy.
The payment could also serve as a precedent for other automakers who overstate mileage in violation of the Clean Air Act. Attorney General Eric Holder said it underscores the need for car companies to be honest about their compliance with emissions standards.
Under the settlement, Hyundai-Kia will forfeit greenhouse gas credits worth more than $200 million because the affected vehicles will emit about 4.75 million more metric tons of greenhouse gases than the automakers originally claimed. The credits could have been sold to other automakers who aren't meeting emissions standards.
Hyundai-Kia must also audit test results on current models, and set up an independent group to certify future test results, at a cost of around $50 million.
Officials said the misrepresentations put other car companies at a competitive disadvantage, especially since fuel economy is seen as a critical factor that "consumers think about when they're going to buy a car," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
"That tilts the market in favor of those who don't play by the rules and it disadvantages those that actually do play by the rules," McCarthy told a news conference. "And that's simply not fair, and it's also not legal."
The companies, which are both owned by Hyundai and generally sell different versions of the same models, denied allegations that they violated the law. Hyundai blamed the inflated mileage on honest misinterpretation of the EPA's complex rules governing testing. Both companies said they are paying the penalties — $56.8 million for Hyundai and $43.2 million for Kia — to end the probe and potential litigation.
All automakers do their own mileage tests based on EPA guidelines, and the agency does audits to make sure they are accurate. In the past two years, the EPA has stepped up audits of automaker tests. Just two weeks ago, the agency told BMW to cut mileage estimates on four of its Mini Cooper models. Ford and Mercedes-Benz also had to cut numbers on their window stickers.
In November 2012, the EPA ordered Hyundai and Kia to redo the window stickers on cars that made up about one-third of their model lineup. Generally, gas mileage was overstated by one or two miles per gallon. But the EPA's tests found the highway mileage of one vehicle, the boxy Kia Soul, was 6 mpg too high. Both automakers started a program to reimburse automakers for the difference between their mileage tests and the EPA's lower numbers.
The EPA and Justice Department, in an agreement filed in federal court, said the automakers violated the law by using inaccurately low numbers to prove their compliance with emission standards. The government alleged Hyundai and Kia "chose favorable results rather than average results from a large number of tests."
But in a statement, Hyundai blamed the problem on the EPA's regulations.
The company said some EPA mileage tests are done on a dynamometer, which is a treadmill for cars. To calculate wind drag, friction in the engine and transmission, and tire rolling resistance, automakers do tests on a track, measuring how long it takes for cars to "coast down" to a stop. That test yields a number that is programmed into the dynamometer.
Hyundai said automaker interpretations of the tests vary because regulations don't specify exactly how to do the tests.
"It was our regulatory interpretation within this broad latitude that was responsible for the ratings restatement," spokesman Jim Trainor said.
McCarthy, however, said that the automakers' protocol was "systemically flawed" and "inconsistent with normal engineering practices and inconsistent with how any other company has been doing this."
EPA officials said Hyundai also had to change its organizational structure to separate product and engine development from the people who do the mileage tests. The old structure had the same people doing both, an anomaly in the industry, the officials said.
___
Krisher reported from Detroit.

Bio-Rad paying $55M to resolve US bribery claims... 
MARCY GORDON | November 3, 2014 03:11 PM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. has agreed to pay about $55 million to resolve U.S. authorities' allegations that it failed to prevent bribery of officials in Russia, Thailand and Vietnam and falsifying records to hide the payments.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department announced settlements Monday with Bio-Rad, which makes instruments used in bio-medical research. The regulators said the company paid some $7.5 million in bribes to officials in the three countries from 2005 to 2010 to win business, enabling it to make $35 million in illicit profits.
Bio-Rad masked the bribes as legitimate expenses such as commissions, advertising and training fees, they said.
The company, based in Hercules, California, is paying a $14.35 million criminal fine to Justice and $40.7 million in restitution and interest to the SEC.
"Public companies that cook their books and hide improper payments foster corruption," Assistant Attorney General Leslie Caldwell said in a statement.
Under its agreement with Justice, Bio-Rad will be allowed to avoid criminal prosecution in exchange for reporting periodically on its compliance efforts for a two-year period. They will also need to continue making progress on an improved compliance program and company internal controls designed to prevent violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The law prohibits bribery of foreign government officials or company executives to secure or retain business.
Justice said it declined to prosecute Bio-Rad largely because the company had voluntarily disclosed the misconduct to the government and had fully cooperated with the investigation.
"The actions that we discovered were completely contrary to Bio-Rad's culture and values and ethical standards for conducting business," Bio-Rad President and CEO Norman Schwartz said in a statement.
The company said it terminated the employees involved.
"We took strong, decisive action to end the problematic practices and prevent anything like this from happening in the future," Schwartz said.

Cops Can Force You To Unlock Phone With Apple Touch ID  Judge Rulesreddit
Cops can't make you give them your smartphone password -- but they can compel you to slap your finger onto your Apple Touch ID device to unlock it, a Virginia court ruled Thursday .
It's an odd sort of loophole: The Fifth Amendment protects you from offering knowledge that could incriminate yourself, meaning you don't have to tell a cop your phone's password if he or she asks you for it. But you can be required to turn over physical evidence or DNA information. In the Virginia case, the  judge ruled that a fingerprint is considered a physical object -- and police are allowed to force you to give it to them.
Apple's Touch ID lets you unlock your iPhone or iPad with your fingerprint, saving you the trouble of typing in a password. The feature made its debut last year and is available on the iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, and iPad Mini 3.
The ruling by Virginia Beach Circuit Court Judge Steven Frucci is linked to the case of David Baust, an emergency medical services captain who was charged in February with attempting to strangle his girlfriend. Prosecutors wanted to access video on Baust's locked phone, the Virginian-Pilot reported.
The Touch ID case is not as binding as a Supreme Court ruling, but it sets a precedent that other cases can draw on, Mashable noted . According to the Virginian-Pilot, it's unclear how the ruling will impact Baust's case. If his phone is protected by Touch ID, prosecutors could access it using Frucci's ruling. If the phone is protected by a passcode or both a passcode and Touch ID, they can't.
Tech experts have been suspicious of the Touch ID security feature from its rocky beginnings . Marcia Hofmann predicted this ruling in Wired way back in 2013 , when the feature was first announced.
"We can't invoke the privilege against self-incrimination to prevent the government from collecting biometrics like fingerprints, DNA samples, or voice exemplars," Hofmann wrote.
One workaround to this issue could be to just turn off your phone if cops approach. In that case , you'd have to enter your four-digit pin when you turn it back on, even if you use Touch ID.
Apple recently came under fire from the FBI for expanding data encryption that makes it harder for law enforcement to access information about people using their devices. In this case, it seems the company may not have made things hard enough.
More:

55 killed in suicide attack at Wagah in PakistanUpdated: November 3, 2014 11:13 IST
55 killed in suicide attack at Wagah in Pakistan
PTI
Tweet
A woman comforts a man mourning for their relative killed in a suicide bomb attack near the Wagah border on Sunday. Nearly 200 people were injured in the blast. Photo:AP
AP In this file photo, Indian and Pakistani flags are lowered at a ceremony at the Wagah border post. Many were killed and scores injured in an explosion at the parking area of the border post, as the flag lowering-ceremony ended.
TOPICS
act of terror
Bomber targets visitors after flag-lowering ceremony
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and nearly 200 injured in a powerful suicide blast at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday evening, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pakistan land border crossing.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Inspector-General of Police, Punjab, Pakistan, Mushtaq Sukhera said. Three Pakistan Rangers personnel were dead.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the blast. The al-Qaeda-affiliated Jundullah group has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the Express News newspaper. Ahead of Muharram, the police had made strict security measures at the border crossing where crowds gather every evening to watch the pageantry that marks the closure of the border post. “We had reports that some banned outfits might target Shias, religious personalities, public processions and important buildings,” Mr. Sukhera said. The suicide bomber was stopped at the gate but detonated the bomb.
Ceremony suspended
There will be no flag-lowering ceremony for three days from Monday at the request of Pakistan, BSF chief D.K. Pathak said.
Modi condemns attack
Expressing condolences to the families of the deceased, Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack in a tweet.
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.

AMAZON S BIG  WHITE  MALE PROBLEMreddit
E-commerce giant Amazon has revealed that the company is a lot like its tech industry peers: mostly male and predominantly white.
On Friday, Amazon published a long-awaited report on diversity showing that the company's global workforce is 63 percent male and 37 percent female, while 75 percent of managers are male.
Domestically, 60 percent of Amazon employees are white, 15 percent are black, 13 percent are Asian and 9 percent are Hispanic, according to the report. Again, 75 percent of Amazon managers are white.
The company has been under pressure from civil rights leaders and organizations. Jessie Jackson of the Rainbow PUSH Coalition, one of the networks advocating for diversity disclosures, told The Seattle Times last week that Amazon's all-white senior leadership and board are "skewed toward white-male supremacy.”
“Their general work force data released by Amazon seems intentionally deceptive, as the company did not include the race or gender breakout of their technical work force,” Rainbow PUSH wrote in a statement to The New York Times published Friday. “The broad assumption is that a high percentage of their black and Latino employees work in their warehouses.”
Amazon did not immediately respond to The Huffington Post's request for comment.
The company's report is the latest in a series of recent tech-industry diversity disclosures, including ones from Twitter and Apple , both of which also reported an abundance of men and white people.
However, Amazon has come under particular fire because unlike those other companies, it is not revealing the racial and gender breakdown of its technical employees, instead offering only the numbers for its general workforce.
Amazon's report details some of the ways the company is trying to increase diversity among its 150,000 workers, including professional development groups for minorities, investments in STEM education and a program to help employees pay for college.
"We are working to develop leaders and shape future talent pools to help us meet the needs of our customers around the world," the report says.
More:

What Do You Stand Forreddit
Thomas Jefferson wrote this recommendation of Meriwether Lewis on his qualifications for what was to become the Lewis & Clark expedition:
"Of courage undaunted, possessing a firmness and perseverance of purpose which nothing but impossibilities could divert from it's direction, careful as a father of those committed to his charge, yet steady in the maintenance of order and discipline. honest, disinterested, liberal, of sound understanding and a fidelity to truth so scrupulous that whatever he should report would be as certain as if seen by ourselves, with all these qualifications as if selected and implanted by nature in one body, for this express purpose, I could have no hesitation in confiding the enterprise to him."
Careful as a father of those committed to his charge
Firmness and perseverance of purpose
Steady in the maintenance of order and discipline
Of sound understanding and a fidelity to truth
How do you want to measure your life, your impact on others? How do you balance aspirations with purpose? How do you inspire purpose in those you lead, those you love?
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

McDonald s: Lovin  > Hatinreddit
McDonald's Corp.'s new twist on its 11-year-old "I'm lovin' it" theme will be an equation: "Lovin' > Hatin'."
The Wall Street Journal, which broke the story about the campaign last week, suggested that the tagline would be "Lovin' Beats Hatin'," but the phrase McDonald's will use is slightly different. What the company filed U.S. federal trademark registrations for last week were both the equation "Lovin' > Hatin'" and the phrase "Lovin' is Greater Than Hatin'. " The WSJ article said the campaign is likely to begin after the first of the year.
Leo Burnett is believed to be the ad agency that crafted the new tagline. A unit of Publicis Groupe, Burnett reportedly won a creative shootout in August among the chain's agencies, all of which presented new ideas for refreshing the slogan, first introduced in 2003. Burnett handles McDonald's children's advertising in the U.S. and all work for the chain in the United Kingdom. McDonald's other agencies include the DDB Worldwide (lead agency in the U.S.), TBWA and OMD units of Omnicom Group.
The McDonald's agencies relationshp with each other is cooperative but always competitive. In January of this year, DDB Chicago hired away Tony Malcolm to oversee its McDonald's work. He previously had overseen the McDonald's account at Burnett in London.  In May, Burnett parent Publicis and DDB parent Omnicom decided to call off their planned $35 billion merger.
McDonald's, too, has seen several changes in its marketing/advertising ranks over the past year. Deborah Wahl was named chief marketing officer in January. She previously had worked for home builder PulteGroup and Chrysler. In August, Julia Vander Ploeg was named McDonald's first VP-digital, reporting to chief digital officer Atif Rafiq, who was brought on board late last year. In September, Chief Creative Officer Marlena Peleo-Lazar left the chain after 14 years in that role. Fred Ehle was named the company's first VP-customer officer in late September.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

Govt appoints Hasmukh Adhia as new financial services secretaryGovt appoints Hasmukh Adhia as new financial services secretary
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 10.50PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mayaram
(Sandhu, a 1980 Rajasthan…)
NEW DELHI: In yet another secretary-level change, government today appointed Hasmukh Adhia , a 1981 Gujarat cadre IAS officer, as the new Financial Services Secretary replacing G S Sandhu.
Sandhu, a 1980 Rajasthan cadre IAS officer, has been made Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has approved appointment of Adhia as Secretary of Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, according to a late night statement issued by Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).
This is the third secretary level change in the Finance Ministry after Former Revenue Secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to Department of North Eastern Region and Former Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram was first shifted to Tourism Ministry and later to Minority Affairs Ministry.
The transfers come amid the Finance Ministry preparing the work for Budget 2015-16 .
Two days ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had an interaction with Secretaries of various ministries and departments. According to sources, Modi had said the Budget should be "output to outcome-oriented", inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes.
Adhia at present is Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Gujarat.
Prior to this, he was Principal Secretary Education Department from till January, 2013 and Principal Secretary to the then Chief Minister, Gujarat from May 2004 to May 2006.
He had also held the position of Industries Commissioner, Managing Director, Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation as well as Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lower Gas Prices Boost US SUV Sales in OctoberThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Bank of America online banking downBank of America online banking restored
Bank of America
Bank of America. (Justin Sullivan)
Bank of America online banking down
“Online banking is temporarily unavailable,” Bank of America says
Bank of America's online banking system was restored on Monday after an early afternoon disruption.
The bank acknowledged the problem on its website and responded to complaints from frustrated users on Twitter.
Online banking was restored as of mid-afternoon central time. It appeared the system malfunctioned for at least a few hours around midday.

Virgin Galactic Ticket Holder  Still Dreaming  of Going to SpaceThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Setback for MNS: Senior leader Vasant Gite quits all partypostsPrint
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:03 am
The Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena suffered a severe jolt with senior leader and former Nashik Central MLA Vasant Gite resigning from all party positions. There are reports that nearly half of the party’s 40 corporators in the Nashik Municipal Corporation are contemplating to quit the MNS.
“Because of my personal and family responsibilities I thenceforth will not be fully able to give justice to the post of general secretary of the party. I therefore request you to relieve me from the post,” Gite said in a letter to party president Raj Thackeray on Monday. Along with Gite, nearly 150 MNS workers, including general secretary Atul Chandak and Nashik district president Sachin Thakre, have also put in their papers.
Though Gite said he was not quitting the party, the BJP claimed he had been in touch with it. “Vasant Gite and over a dozen MNS corporators are interested in joining the BJP. The party will take an informed decision over the inclusion in the few days,” BJP in charge for North Maharashtra Vijay Sane said.
Gite played a major role in the success of MNS in Nashik from where the party won three Assembly seats in 2009.

Compensation for 1984 riots not finalised: Home Ministry to tellECPrint
Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:57 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 12:27 pm
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) will reportedly tell the Election Commission that the decision to disburse Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in the 1984 riots has not been finalised yet and deliberations were still on to discuss its modalities.
The MHA will take the plea that no formal announcement was made on the issue and it was in no way a violation of the Model Code of Conduct. The EC on Friday asked the Home Ministry to explain its decision to give a fresh compensation of Rs 5 lakh considering that the Model Code of Conduct is in force in Delhi due to the upcoming bypolls.
Officials said the decision to announce fresh compensation could hit a hurdle over the issue of “determining who the next of kin is as there could be more than one claimants.”
Senior officials said they were considering the demand of former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal who had demanded the constitution of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the 1984 Sikh riots. “While it is a tedious task to disburse any fresh compensation amount now as there could be more than one claimants as the next of kin of any riot victim. One way we are considering is to constitute an SIT and disburse the money through that,” said a senior MHA official.
The argument, however, could not cut ice with the EC as the amount to be given to the victims had been finalised and it was only the modalities that had to be given shape to.
The EC had given the Ministry time till November 3 to furnish a reply but the reply had not been sent to the election watchdog till Monday evening.

In Jharkhand  BJP ties up with AJSU  TMC withMarandiIn Jharkhand, BJP ties up with AJSU, TMC with Marandi
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi |       November 4, 2014 1:54 am
Comments
Two pre-poll alliances were confirmed in Jharkhand on Monday, with the BJP and Babulal Marandi’s JVM(P) leading the two formations.
The BJP has agreed to let the AJSU Party contest on eight seats while the Trinamool Congress  will contest five seats with the JVM(P) contesting from the rest of the state’s 81. The last date of submitting nominations for the first phase is November 5.
The alliances were formalised despite opposition within almost all the parties concerned. The BJP’s state leadership were all set to go alone, but a last minute intervention by Rajya Sabha MP Parimal Nathwani meant they had to sit across the table. The AJSU demanded at least 10 seats and consequently, the BJP’s first list of candidates on Sunday had only 63 names, with the party holding back candidates on five of the six seats on which the AJSU has a legislator.
Even on Monday, the BJP-AJSU alliance could only name six seats in which the latter would contest. BJP’s Jharkhand election in-charge Bhupendra Yadav said in Delhi that AJSU chief Sudesh Mahto will announce the other two seats soon.
Meanwhile, AJSU’s Hatia MLA Naveen Jaiswal, whose seat has been surrendered to the BJP, protested the move. BJP workers from Ranchi’s Mandar constituency also protested outside AJSU chief Sudesh Mahto’s residence on Monday against the party’s decision not to contest there.
The TMC, on the other hand, risks isolating its base in the Santhal Pargana by going into an alliance with the JVM(P). The decision was reportedly taken solely by TMC’s state unit president Bandhu Tirkey, who has ensured his seat in Mandar is one of the five seats the TMC will retain.

Eye on Valley  BJP sticks to ModicardEye on Valley, BJP sticks to Modi card
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi |       November 4, 2014 1:52 am
Comments
Union minister Ramvilas Paswan with LJP candidate from Habbakadal Sanjay Saraf in Srinagar Monday. Paswan said while LJP was BJP’s ally at the Centre, the party might contest the J&K Assembly polls on its own. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi as its star campaigner, the BJP has decided to go the whole hog in the upcoming elections in Jammu and Kashmir. Projecting itself as the only alternative, the BJP — its attempts to woo the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for a post-poll alliance notwithstanding — is all set to go for an all out attack on the ruling National Conference-Congress alliance as well the PDP.
Party sources told The Indian Express that Modi will address an unprecedented number of rallies in the state. The BJP, which has formed a “mission 44” in the 87-member J&K assembly, is likely to raise issues such as dynastic politics, inability to bring the state out of backwardness and separatist-appeasing tone of all three parties. BJP sources said although their target is to get a clear majority in the state assembly, a more realistic assessment is that the party could win at least 30 seats.
Sources added that the party is keen on getting recognised faces from established parties in order to strengthen its ground in the state. The state goes to the polls in five phases from November 25.
“Suraaj is my birth right — will be our main slogan,” said Shrikant Sharma, national secretary, BJP.
“People of J&K have made up their mind to try the BJP as an alternative, because there is a need for development and good governance in the state. The central government’s pro-active action during the recent floods has given a advantage to the party. We do not know how much of that will convert into votes” he added.
According to a source, the BJP is banking on the Hindu consolidation in the Jammu and Ladakh regions and the youth in some constituencies of the Valley.
J&K party moves SC to stall polls
SRINAGAR: Awami National Conference (ANC) has moved the Supreme Court and has filed a writ petition seeking an order to quash the decision by Election Commission to hold Assembly elections in J&K. Filed by ANC senior vice-president Muzaffar Shah on November 1, the writ seeks direction or order to quash the schedule for election to the state legislative assembly and wants the SC to postpone the polls. “The process should be postponed till a conducive and congenial atmosphere is regained and rehabilitation process of millions of flood  affected people is concluded,” the party said. Saying that the state has been badly affected due to the recent floods, the party leaders have termed the announcement of elections unmindful.

Obama  Yellen discuss economy  global recoveryBarack Obama, Janet Yellen discuss economy, global recovery
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.58AM IST
(The Obama-Yellen meeting…)
WASHINGTON: With the Federal Reserve's role in the U.S. economic recovery at a crossroads, Fed Chair Janet Yellen on Monday sat down with President Barack Obama in their first face-to-face meeting since she assumed her post in February. The White House said Yellen offered her perspective on the economy both at home and abroad.
The US central bank last week announced the end of its landmark bond-buying program, a form of economic stimulus largely credited with helping the recovery by increasing the supply of money to financial institutions and keeping long-term interest rates low.
Yellen now faces a key decision on when to raise short-term interest rates, which the Fed has kept at a record low near zero since December 2008. Many economists believe the first rate increase will not occur until June at the earliest although the Fed has maintained that it will be dependent on the performance of the economy, which has seen some strengthening in the job market.
The Fed is an independent institution and presidents insist they do not meddle in the central bank's monetary policy decisions. But faced with a politically divided Congress and the possibility of a Republican-led House and Senate following Tuesday's elections, Obama's own economic policies have faced resistance. That makes the Fed one of the most influential players in the nation's economic trajectory.
The meeting also comes a week ahead of Obama's Asia trip which includes a gathering in Australia of the Group of 20 largest economies. U.S. policy makers have been keeping a wary eye on the economic struggles overseas, particularly China where the economy has been slowing down and in Europe where the eurozone nations are in danger of a third recession in seven years.
``Obviously the Fed is an independent body,'' White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. ``They make their own policies, but there is an opportunity for the president and the chair of the Fed to have conversations. Those conversations, at least in the context of today, are focused on the long-term outlook for the American economy and even the longer-term impact of the global economy as well.''
Obama, who held periodic meetings with Ben Bernanke when he chaired the central bank, did see Yellen last month while meeting with financial regulators to review measures aimed at avoiding a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. Monday's meeting was their first meeting alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Midterm elections carry high stakes for US economy...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — The midterm slugfest for control of the U.S. Senate could have far-reaching effects on the economy.
Tuesday's elections come just as U.S. growth has been showing consistent improvement, thanks in part to a congressional truce on budget fights. Previous such fights shut down the government and raised the specter of a default on the federal debt. A repeat of either could quickly damage the economic recovery.
If Democrats retain control of the Senate, the cease-fire may hold, analysts say. But it's possible it could dissolve with a takeover that gives Republicans control of both chambers and potentially emboldens them to intensify conflicts with a lame-duck Democratic White House.
Republicans already control the House and are expected to maintain and even expand their majority in that chamber.
Addressing the prospect of Republican leadership in both chambers, Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, said, "My sense is it will only harden the tension that's in place."
On the other hand, Republican control would also raise the likelihood of other actions that could ultimately benefit the economy. Once in control, for example, Republicans could accept gridlock and pursue smaller deals on tax reform or trade authority with President Barack Obama. These deals could potentially benefit the economy in the long run, analysts note.
One possibility would be that a Republican majority would authorize Obama to complete trade negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership to expand overseas markets for American-made products, which could help exports, said Corey Boles, a senior analyst with the Eurasia Group, a consulting firm.
Boles noted that tax reform "faces long odds in any Congress" but has a better chance of reaching Obama's desk with a Republican Senate than with the currently divided Congress. Proposals to lower corporate tax rates, for instance, and allow companies to bring back profits from abroad without incurring significant taxes could fuel growth, its supporters say.
Though some analysts say Democrats still have a chance to preserve their hold on the Senate, most expect Republicans to capture a narrow majority. This could increase the risk of another prolonged skirmish over taxes and spending. Previous showdowns derailed consumer confidence, the stock market and job growth.
Still, it remains unclear how Republicans would steer the Senate. Few campaigns have outlined detailed policy agendas.
The result, given the unknowns, is a troubling set of uncertainties for an economy still hobbled in some ways by the resolutions from previous showdowns.
Another budget battle could paralyze businesses and consumers. Yet an eventual congressional deal could prove even more damaging. Previous agreements slowed the economy by raising taxes and slashing funding for military and social programs that can often boost the economy.
The settlements brokered to end clashes in 2011 and 2013 did manage to cut the budget deficit. Yet they subtracted from growth for the past three years, according to Commerce Department figures.
Coupled with the end of stimulus spending from the Great Recession, the automatic spending cuts agreed to three years ago caused government spending to fall relative to the economy. That was followed in 2013 by higher tax rates, which also slowed growth.
As a result, growth has meandered at a sluggish annual pace of roughly 2 percent for three years. Government austerity subtracted 1.9 percent from growth last year, according to Commerce. If the impact of the government had been neutral, the economy would have expanded a robust 4.1 percent last year.
The economic drag from these deals is likely to fade in 2015 and beyond if the current truce holds.
"We're slowly moving away from contracting to stability," said Kevin Logan, chief U.S. economist at the bank HSBC.
The Democrats hold a 55-45 edge in the Senate, meaning that Republicans need a net gain of six seats to take control of the chamber. Many candidates of both parties are running against Obama, whose approval rating has slumped to 41 percent among likely voters compared with 49 percent heading into the 2012 election, according to polling last month by The Associated Press.
In a TV ad in North Carolina, Republican challenger Thom Tillis accused Democratic incumbent Kay Hagan of being a "rubber stamp" for the president. In Kentucky, Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes has been running against Obama as much as against Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell.
Still, few in Congress will have any achievements to celebrate without passing measures that receive Obama's signature. In March, Congress must fund the government and vote on whether to raise or suspend the debt limit.
The 2011 battle over a debt ceiling increase caused financial markets to plunge and triggered a first-ever downgrade in the U.S. credit rating by Standard and Poor's. Economists warned of the threat of another recession. The resulting agreement to raise the government's borrowing authority mandated spending cuts through 2021.
Similarly, the economy was on edge when temporary cuts to income tax rates were on the verge of expiring last year. A battle between Capitol Hill and the White House produced an agreement that avoided a tax hike for everyone by agreeing to raise the top marginal income tax rate. The government shut down for the first half of October 2013, after the House and Senate had failed to approve the legally required spending measures.
Dan Clifton, head of policy research at the analyst firm Strategas, doubts that a Republican-led Senate would choose to fight over the debt ceiling. He expects Republicans to take a symbolic stand on the budget, trying to weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and defund parts of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Obama health care law.
Clifton said he thinks much of this will amount to posturing that may not cause any destructive spillovers for the economy.
"There is going to be a lot of talk about a government shutdown again," Clifton said. "But I don't think it becomes a reality."
Regardless of what happens, Eurasia Group analyst Boles said voters shouldn't expect the midterms to push Congress into action.
"It will be same personalities in charge of the chambers and a president who is disconnected from domestic policy," he said. "We don't expect a lot to get done."

The Progressive Presidential Primaryreddit
If you think Hillary Clinton is going to fight for a progressive agenda, you're smoking the good stuff. The woman who just told her Goldman Sachs audience that the bankers are misunderstood is going to do what -- get money out of politics, fix the banking system, do progressive economic policy? Even if you "stand with Hillary," you don't believe that.
And has anyone been more a pro-war Democrat than Hillary Clinton? That's a literal question. Her team is out there now saying they would have been more hawkish in the Middle East than Obama was. They would have gotten involved in Syria earlier. They would do even more bombing of Iraq and Syria today. Great, a pro-war Democratic candidate! That's worked out so well before.
So far there haven't been very many progressives willing to stick their head out there and say they're willing to take on Team Hillary. I understand that the Washington media is saying that she can't be beat. That's hilarious. Isn't that exactly what they said in 2008? Well, to be fair, at the time she was running a center-right, hawkish, Republican-lite campaign. Oh yeah, exactly the kind of campaign she's running now.
So, we at The Young Turks are looking for a champion who will actually represent progressive priorities. In this regard, we have done two things. First, we commissioned a poll of young adults to see what the next generation of progressives would like. We got some surprising results . On the question of who would you like to run against Hillary Clinton, do you know who came out ahead? Al Gore.
I worked for Al Gore, I like Al Gore, but I didn't see that one coming. Sure, this general survey is biased a little in favor of name recognition at this point, but given that 38 percent say they would like another choice besides Hillary Clinton and 40 percent of those say they would even register to vote if that choice was on the ballot, it seems like we have some discontent out there.
The second thing we're doing is The Progressive Presidential Primary. We are asking our progressive audience to pick candidates for us. You can submit candidates through petitions@tytnetwork.com. We already have over one hundred submissions. These petitions have until November 4th to get to a thousand signatures (Elizabeth Warren, Larry Lessig, Neil DeGrasse Tyson and Bernie Sanders have crossed the threshold already), in which case we leave them up indefinitely to see who progressives online favor.
Take a look at and vote on the existing petitions here: tytnetwork.com/petitions
Here is a more detailed explanation:
Of course, these are all rough approximations. But combined they begin to give us a sense of who people would like to rise out of the crowd to take on Team Hillary. Already, we have a sense that there are many people who share our feeling that another establishment Democrat that promises very little change in this corrupt Washington system is not what people are looking for. They're looking a real progressive and one willing to fight!
In places like Iran and China, the rulers pick certain candidates that they allow people to choose from. That is of course a false choice. Here, our elites also give us our candidates. Our elites are the donors. They finance only a limited set of people who will maintain the current order. They are smitten with Hillary Clinton. We propose to upend their order and propose a candidate of our own. Help us do that. Help us find someone who will actually represent real progressives.

Pisani: Oil collapses  drags market with itpisani: oil collapses  drags market with it
Jury deliberating in tax trial of ex-UBS exec...and
versions
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — A jury in South Florida has acquitted a former top executive at Swiss bank UBS AG on charges of helping wealthy Americans hide billions of dollars in secret accounts from the Internal Revenue Service.
The jury deliberated just over an hour before reaching its verdict Tuesday in the case of Raoul Weil. He had faced up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine if convicted of a count of conspiracy to defraud the U.S. government.
Several former UBS bankers testified that Weil was deeply involved in hiding $20 billion in U.S. taxpayer assets from the IRS. Weil did not testify, but his attorneys blamed wrongdoing on lower-ranking bankers acting without Weil's knowledge.
Weil is the highest-ranking Swiss banker prosecuted by the U.S. in its crackdown on offshore tax evasion.

Company denies man lost job over Playgirl spread... 
PAT EATON-ROBB | November 3, 2014 05:30 PM EST | Associated Press
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A company that helps businesses handle personnel issues denies it forced one if its Connecticut employees out of his job after it was discovered he'd posed nude in Playgirl magazine.
Durham resident Daniel Sawka filed a federal civil rights lawsuit last year against Roseland, New Jersey-based ADP Inc. alleging sexual harassment. The company responded Monday.
Sawka worked as a sales manager. He says he was subjected to jokes and ridicule at work after at least one co-worker discovered he'd posed nude in the 1990s in a lumberjack-themed spread for Playgirl and found the photos online. He says the conditions became so intolerable he was forced to leave the job in 2011.
He's seeking damages for lost pay.
The company says in its response it "exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct promptly any alleged harassing behavior."

American International Group posts 3Q profit... 
November 3, 2014 04:21 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) _ American International Group Inc. (AIG) on Monday reported third-quarter earnings of $2.19 billion.
The New York-based company said it had profit of $1.52 per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains and to account for discontinued operations, were $1.21 per share.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.08 per share.
The insurer posted revenue of $15.44 billion in the period, also topping Street forecasts. Analysts expected $9.77 billion, according to Zacks.
American International Group shares have climbed slightly more than 5 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has increased 9 percent. In the final minutes of trading on Monday, shares hit $53.80, a climb of 11 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. AIG stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:American International Group,Earnings Report

14 stocks are gold mines this month14 stocks are gold mines this month
By: Matt Krantz November 3, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Credit: Matt Stroshane, Disney
So you sold in May and stayed away: Now it’s November. It’s time to say yes to stocks, according to market historians. There’s even a group of stocks that especially tend to flourish during November.
There are 14 stocks in the Standard & Poors’ 500, including Rockwell Automation (ROK) , Monsanto (MON) and Walt Disney (DIS) that have beaten the market each and every November the past five years straight, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
November is one of the months that put investors in the buying mood. Typically, the month of November kicks off what’s a bullish period for stocks. Last November stocks rose 2.8%, setting them up for what was a strong first few months of the year in 2014. True, assuming you can just buy stocks in November and turn a profit is a mistake. The S&P 500 inched higher by 0.3% in November 2012, but lost 0.5% in November 2011 and 0.2% in November 2010.
But there are some stocks that have been big-time champs in November five years going. And get this: 13 of the 14 stocks still have some upside before hitting their 18-month average analyst price targets.
The biggest November winner is Rockwell Automation. Shares of the company, which makes a variety of industrial automation gear, has soared by 7.5% on average over the past five Novembers. Investors are perhaps reacting to the company’s historically strongest quarter of the year for profit: The third quarter, which Rockwell reports in November. Rockwell is due to report results for its third quarter on Nov. 12.
Here’s a stock that wins in November and anlysts see upside: Agilent Technologies (A) . The life-sciences research firm, has gained 6.1% on average over the past five Novembers. And analysts see 15.3% upside before the stock hits its 18-month price target of $63.67. The stock closed Friday at $55.23.
Disney, too, reports the results of its traditionally strong summer quarter in November. The company is due to report its results on Thursday. And the company has been easily topping estimates lately.
Who knows if these favorite stocks of November can keep their streak going? But the big gains these stocks have generated in the past are a reminder of what’s a stake for investors who sold in May and are looking to get back in.
S&P 500 STOCKS THAT BEAT THE MARKET IN EACH AND EVERY OF THE PAST FIVE NOVEMBERS
Company

7 Steps to Finding Your Professional MissionBy Horia Varlan, via Flickr
By Sallie Krawcheck, Chair, Ellevate Network
Fast Company has published the next installment of its Generation Flux series , in which they outline how "professional missions" can help shape careers in times of rapid change. The idea of having a "professional mission" is not something I've ever really articulated to myself; but it turns out I've spent a lot of time thinking about it... crafting and refining mine... without really knowing that's what I was doing. It has helped me forge a career path... OK, make that "paths"... and it's also been an effective guide to saying no to opportunities that weren't the right ones.
Now that I've thought about it a bit, here's what I can share about defining a professional mission:
1. Think hard about what you're good at, and not so good at. Me? I'm a research analyst by training and temperament. I am happiest with an Excel spreadsheet and can pull patterns out of numbers. I also like to write and love the back-and-forth of a debate. I'm not a full-on process person or a conventional-wisdom-follower (to put it mildly). What is on your "good at" and "hate to do" lists?
2. Ask yourself what you care about. What do you care enough about that, once you get going on it, your friends shoot each other the "Here he goes again" look, and even start backing away? For a period of time, for me, it's been how to prevent the next financial crisis. My work on that led to a real interest in the impact of the financial and economic engagement of women.
Your interest doesn't have to be just one thing. And it can change.
3. Ask yourself how what you're good and what you're passionate about can intersect. That is the point at which you can use your skills to make a difference in something you care about. Perhaps you can make films about the crisis in education. Or write blogs on global health challenges. Or work as a Financial Advisor to help families get their finances straight.
4. Note that your mission might be right in front of your nose. Heck, it might be part of your company's value statement already, if taken literally. For example, almost every Wall Street firm, for as long as anyone can remember, has said they put clients first. At Bernstein, we chose to really, really do it. We defined who our client was (the investing client) and then asked ourselves what truly putting them first mean. Our conclusion was that it meant getting rid of the conflicts inherent in also working for clients issuing stock, since their interests were in direct opposition.
5. But it may not be that easy. Getting to these insights sounds easy, but it's often not. Experiment, and give yourself some time. For me, these insights involved lots of trial and error, lots of time with paper and pen, lots of glasses of wine, and lots of discussion with colleagues and mentors.
I didn't realize I was a research analyst at heart until I was nearly 30 (which felt pretty old at the time). I didn't find a different path for navigating the conflicts of Wall Street until I was in my mid-30s, and I didn't come into my convictions on the positive business and economic impact of diversity until I was in my 40s.
6. Be prepared for some near-term sacrifices. At Bernstein, as we changed the way we did business, we lost revenues. We even had existing clients (whom our actions were intended to help) tell us that our strategy was a poor one....and that they wanted us to continue to work for underwriting clients. Their rationale was that this would mean more profit for us, and thus more investment into our business on their behalf.
7. Finding your professional mission in a never-ending process. Your interests change, your skills can change, business changes. What you're passionate about in your 20s may not be the same as in your 50s. Thus, this process is in fact a process, not a one-time question.
Sallie Krawcheck is the Chair of Ellevate Network and Ellevate Asset Management. Ellevate Network (formerly 85 Broads) is a professional woman's network, operating across industries and around the world. Both businesses are committed to the full economic and financial engagement of women.
This article was originally featured on LinkedIn
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Publicis buys out Sapient in digital ad pushPublicis buys out Sapient in digital ad push
Midterm Elections Carry High Stakes for US EconomyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Scientist explains her research with a high-flying acrobatic dance routineBy Rachel Feltman November 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
It's that time of year again: The "Dance Your Ph.D." contest, where high-level researchers around the world try to boil their life's work down to an explanatory dance. The contest, which is sponsored by the journal Science, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and Highwire Press, is in its seventh year — and clearly it takes a lot to win these days.
Uma Nagendra , who's working on a PhD in plant biology at the University of Georgia, has the advantage of being a circus enthusiast. Instead of doing a typical dance or a funny music video, she choreographed the elaborate aerial routine seen above. After winning for the biology portion of the competition, she's now taken the grand prize — and $1,000.
Nagendra studies tornadoes, but her work doesn't focus on the devastation they can cause. Instead, she is investigating the ways that tornadoes can change the dynamic of the ecosystem, and possibly even benefit some organisms.
The acrobatic routine represents one example of this. A mature tree can accumulate a lot of fungi in its roots, and some of it is harmful to tree seedlings — so seedlings that grow too close to a mature tree are at risk of attack. Because the more distant seedlings are safe from the fungi, they're more likely to survive. That's why the mature trees of one species (in this case, white pine) will be distant from one another, allowing lots of other species to grow in between them.
But when a tornado occurs (as it does in the middle of the dance), this pattern can change. When the mature trees are killed in the storm, many of their fungi will die as well — allowing the seedlings to thrive, no matter where they sit.
Nagendra is still studying how this relationship between plants and their soil might change after a tornado. But she's certainly done a beautiful job of showing us her work.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Survey: Workplace preferences similar across generations0
"Variety, choice, access and transparency — attributes typically associated with what millennials want — are indeed important, but not only for millennials," said Georgia Collins, CBRE's senior managing director for workplace strategy.
Millennials — defined as people reaching adulthood around the year 2000 — make up about 24 percent of the U.S. population and are projected to be 75 percent of the workforce by 2025.
Workplaces have been clamoring to catch up to this supposedly freethinking, tech-savvy generation. But the CBRE study suggests they'd be better off focusing their efforts on all their workers, not just millennials.
Yes, millennials are collaborative — they spend 38 percent of their time interacting with others. But so are their gray-haired colleagues. In fact, the study found that millennials are slightly more likely to spend more time working individually than other generations.
Asked if they'd prefer work spaces that allow them to concentrate, collaborate or socialize, all three generations were more interested in having space to concentrate.
Socializing space was the least important to all three generations although millennials did place more importance on it.
At the same time, millennials actually wanted to see more formal meetings at their workplaces at a higher rate than other generations, an indicator, according to the study authors, that the younger segment of the workforce would like more visibility into decision-making as well as a "seat at the table."
And, as for workplaces that have been relocating to urban areas to attract millennials?
It turns out more than half live in the suburbs, according to census data.

Investigators focus on tail booms in crash of space planeInvestigators focus on tail booms in crash of space plane
Poroshenko says Kiev to relook peace deal flouted by rebelsPoroshenko says Kiev to relook peace deal flouted by rebels
Rajasthan: Gov accepts V-CsresignationPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:11 am
Rajasthan University Vice-Chancellor Dev Swarup’s resignation was accepted Monday afternoon by Governor Kalyan Singh. The Govenor directed the Vasundhara Raje government to appoint Divisional Commissioner Hanuman Singh Bhati to take charge till a new V-C is selected.
Minutes after the resignation was accepted, students held demonstrations on the university campus in demand of Swarup’s retention.
Swarup had met Singh on Sunday and offered to resign over pressure from RSS and non-cooperation by government nominees in the Syndicate in running the varsity.  He had alleged that the Syndicate members, all of them RSS pracharaks, had held up the varsity budget, thereby stalling disbursement of salaries and pensions.
Responding to the allegations, faculty and Syndicate member Anil Bansal told The Indian Express, “We have been opposing the V-C because he blatantly flouted rules, be it in making appointments, granting affiliation to new colleges or allotting new examination centres. He made all the appointments in haste and did not even wait for the government’s approval.
“We have demanded an investigation by the Anti-Corruption Bureau or the Central Bureau of Investigation. If the V-C is honest, he should come out clean. He was appointed by the previous Congress government and he was happy as long as the Syndicate members, who earlier were Congress nominees, allowed him a free hand.”
Bansal alleged  Swarup did not wait for the budget to be approved by the finance committee and instead used his veto to draw funds. Bansal admitted that he was an RSS worker, but not a “pracharak”. “Pracharaks are full-time dedicated workers. I teach in the university. I can pledge that the RSS did not interfere in the working of the university.”
Retorting to Bansal’s statement, Swarup said: “He has no contribution to the university and has been a destructive element. He is one of those who does not turn up for his own classes and instead runs a coaching centre.”
Commenting on the issue, Congress spokesperson Archana Sharma said, “This is clearly saffronisation of education. The RSS wants to inculcate its cultural values into the education system. By pressurising the V-C to quit, it has achieved its political vendetta.”

NE hill varsity withoutV-CPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:08 am
Academic and administrative activities at the North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in Shillong have been suffering due to the absence of a permanent vice-chancellor for more than a year. Students and faculty of the university claim this is a glaring example of how a premier institution in the region has been neglected by the Centre.
“A senior professor has been functioning as an acting V-C. But since he is not eligible to take a lot of the major decisions, the university is suffering immensely,” said Professor X P Mao, the president of the NEHU teachers’ association.
A memorandum sent to the President, with copies marked to the Prime Minister and Union HRD minister, claimed that the university’s functioning has come to a virtual standstill because the acting V-C is not entitled to perform various statutory duties. “Moreover, he is not entitled to take major financial decisions. Promotions of faculty members have been frozen for more than a year now,” he said. Several other important posts of the university are also clubbed together and handed over to one or two people, Prof Mao said.
While one person  acts as both a teacher in his parent department and the controller of examinations and registrar, another holds the charge of deputy registrar and finance officer, he added.
Established in 1973, the NEHU originally had jurisdiction over Meghalaya, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram.
—-

Online RTI pleas  info: SC tells govt to takecallPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:07 am
The Supreme Court on Monday directed the central government to take a call on accepting Right To Information (RTI) applications through online mode and furnish information accordingly using electronic means.
A bench comprising CJI H L Dattu and A K Sikri asked the authorities to expeditiously decide on a representation filed by Madhya Pradesh-based lawyer Rajeev Agrawal.
“It appears the petitioner has filed the representations with the authorities. It seems, as of now, no decision has been taken. We direct the respondents to take a decision within three weeks,” said the bench. The bench told Agrawal’s lawyer Amit Kumar that it will wait for the government to take a decision and hence, his PIL should be treated as a representation.
The plea sought directives to all states and union territories to create “centralised RTI websites for submission of RTI requests” and allow online filing of appeals and payment of fees in respect of every public authority of the government under the transparency law.
It also asked for constituting “call centre as voice facilitation centres for filing RTI applications and appeals over the phone.” The petition referred to certain provisions of the RTI Act which provide that a person can make a request “in writing or through electronic means” for getting information from authorities under the Act.

US stocks hold near record levelsUS stocks hold near record levels
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.15AM IST
(US factories were busier…)
NEW YORK: US stocks are holding near record levels as investors assess reports on the economy as well as some deal news.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell one point, or 0.1 percent, to 2,016 as of 2:55 p.m. Eastern. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 31 points to 17,358. The Nasdaq composite gained four points, or 0.1 percent, to 4,633.
RECORD RUN: The S&P 500 and the Dow closed at all-time highs on Friday after the Bank of Japan surprised investors by announcing it would increase its bond and asset purchases in an effort to stave off deflation. Strong company earnings also helped the stock market recover from an early October slump.
OCTOBER MANUFACTURING: U.S. factories were busier in October. Orders, productivity and hiring all grew faster than they did in September, according to a private survey. The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, reports that its manufacturing index rose to 59 last month from 56.6 in September. Any reading above 50 signals expansion. The increase reverses a drop in September.
A separate report showed that U.S. construction spending fell for a second straight month in September as a slight rebound in housing was offset by further declines in nonresidential building and in government projects.
DEAL NEWS: French advertising group Publicis said Monday it would to buy Boston-based marketing, communications and consulting firm Sapient for $3.7 billion in cash. Sapient's stock soared $7.29, or 42 percent, to $24.62.
LabCorp will pay about $6.1 billion in cash and stock to buy Covance in a tie-up that aims to improve clinical trial research for pharmaceuticals. Covance shareholders will receive $75.76 in cash and a portion of LabCorp stock for each share they own. Covance's stock surged $20.11, or 25 percent, to $100.02.
IN EUROPE: Germany's DAX declined 0.8 percent to 9,251 while France's CAC-40 fell 0.9 percent to 4,194. Britain's FTSE 100 was 0.9 percent lower at 6,488.
MANUFACTURING ELSEWHERE: A gauge of Chinese manufacturing released by a government-sanctioned industry group came in below what analysts were looking for. The weakness raised concern that growth in the world's second-largest economy will decline further. A similar report into the manufacturing sector of the 18-nation eurozone from financial data firm Markit was similarly downbeat.
BUSY WEEK AHEAD: The manufacturing reports kick off what's likely to be a busy week in the financial markets. The European Central Bank meets on Thursday to decide whether it will take more steps to stimulate the region's ailing economy. And on Friday the U.S. government releases its monthly jobs report. Now that the Federal Reserve has shut down its bond-buying program, investors are assessing when the Fed will start to raise interest rates.
THE QUOTE: Falling gas prices, improving hiring prospects and stabilizing house prices should help boost consumer sentiment and underpin both the economy and the stock market, said Sean Lynch, global investment strategist for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
``The key for us is to watch consumers heading into the last couple months of the year, with the holiday season,'' said Lynch. Confidence ``is much improved over where we were a year ago, or two years ago.''
YEN SLIDE CONTINUES: The Bank of Japan's announcement that it will increase its asset purchases weighed heavily on the Japanese yen, which continued to fall Monday. The dollar was 1.3 percent higher at 113.77 yen. The U.S. currency also gained against the euro, rising 0.3 percent to $1.2487.
COMMODITIES: Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.76 to $78.78 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oil, fell $1.08 to $84.78 per barrel. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped $1.80 to $1,169.80 an ounce, silver rose 10 cents to $16.20 an ounce and copper rose two cents to $3.07 a pound.
BONDS: In government bond trading, the yield on the 10-year note was little changed from Friday at 2.34 percent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Factory Output rises modestly in OctoberYou are here: Home > Collections > Hsbc
Factory output rises modestly in October
ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 02.37AM IST
Tags:
co-head
(The HSBC manufacturing…)
NEW DELHI: India's manufacturing activity picked up modestly in October due to stronger output and new order flows, a private survey showed on Monday though sustained economic recovery was yet to settle in.
The HSBC manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) inched up to 51.6 points in October from the nine-month low of 51 in the previous month, a twelfth straight month of expansion. The index estimates factory activity based on data from 500 large companies, with the 50-point mark separating growth from contraction.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients. However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation," said Frederic Neumann , co-head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC. New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, mainly due to general uptick in demand. Although manufacturing showed signs of recovery in the first quarter of the fiscal, expanding by 3.5 per cent, industrial production data for July and August saw manufacturing contract in the two months.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the 'Make in India' drive in September in an attempt to revive and strengthen the country's manufacturing sector. As a follow-up measure, the government is making efforts to unclog supply bottlenecks and make doing business easier.
The survey showed orders received by Indian manufacturers increased in October, at the highest rate of expansion in four months due to strengthening demand from key export clients. In addition, export orders received by domestic manufacturers went up, extending the sequence of growth to 13 months. This is in contrast with the exports data for September released by the government, which showed a dismal 2.73 per cent expansion in outbound shipments during the month. Firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, the report said.
Inflationary pressures remained muted in October, according to HSBC survey. While input prices eased further, the acceleration in growth allowed firms to improve margins by increasing output prices slightly.
"Price pressures declined with input prices easing further. Meanwhile, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly. This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture", said Neumann. Wholesale inflation fell further to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent in September while retail inflation , the key inflation measure watched by RBI, eased to a series low of 6.46 per cent during the month. The central bank maintained a status quo on repo rate last month, keeping it at 8 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Central bank views lift dollar; Wall Street touches recordCentral bank views boost dollar; Wall Street ends flat
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 02.38AM IST
0
Share More
Two US industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The dollar reached multi-year highs against both the yen and euro on Monday, adding to gains built on the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus announcement from last week, but equity markets dipped after weak data from China and Europe.
U.S. stocks ended flat as investors paused after a sharp rally on Friday and ahead of U.S. elections on Tuesday, although economic data pointed to a slowly strengthening economy. The benchmark S&P index briefly pushed to a record 2,024.46 at the high of the session before retreating.
"We got back to the highs in the S&P 500 and Dow rather quickly, so I think you're running into some resistance and profit-taking," said Stephen Carl, principal and head of U.S. Equity Trading at The Williams Capital Group.
An index of global equities slipped after data showing China's economy losing momentum. The MSCI all-country world equity index was off 0.6 percent.
China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers' index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world's second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported , while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
The disappointing data pulled European shares lower as they retreated from a four-week high. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.9 percent at 1,340.38 after rising to as much as 1,355.16, the highest since early October.
Two U.S. industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28 points, or 0.14 percent, to 17,366.24, the S&P 500 lost 0.24 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,017.81 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 8.17 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,638.91.
The BOJ last week said it would boost its massive stimulus spending, due to worry about weak growth. There are expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, will also eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bonds.
The dollar climbed as high as 114.20 yen, its highest
U.S. stocks ended flat as investors paused after a sharp rally on Friday and ahead of U.S. elections on Tuesday, although economic data pointed to a slowly strengthening economy. The benchmark S&P index briefly pushed to a record 2,024.46 at the high of the session before retreating.
"We got back to the highs in the S&P 500 and Dow rather quickly, so I think you're running into some resistance and profit-taking," said Stephen Carl, principal and head of U.S. Equity Trading at The Williams Capital Group.
An index of global equities slipped after data showing China's economy losing momentum. The MSCI all-country world equity index was off 0.6 percent.
China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers' index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world's second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported , while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
The disappointing data pulled European shares lower as they retreated from a four-week high. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.9 percent at 1,340.38 after rising to as much as 1,355.16, the highest since early October.
Two U.S. industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28 points, or 0.14 percent, to 17,366.24, the S&P 500 lost 0.24 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,017.81 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 8.17 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,638.91.
The BOJ last week said it would boost its massive stimulus spending, due to worry about weak growth. There are expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, will also eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bonds.
The dollar climbed as high as 114.20 yen, its highest
US stocks were little changed, as investors paused after a sharp rally on Friday and ahead of US elections on Tuesday, although economic data pointed to a slowly strengthening economy. The benchmark S&P index briefly pushed to a fresh record of 2,024.46 at the high of the session.
"A decelerating China, a very stimulative driven equity story in Japan and a Europe that is flat-lining leaves one option that is obvious, U.S. equities," said Peter Kenny, chief market strategist at Clearpool Group in New York.
"And today, conveniently for the markets, there is an election tomorrow, so we get a pause in our trend higher off of the election calendar that helps the market digest recent gains."
An index of global equities slipped after data showing China's economy losing momentum. The MSCI all-country world equity index was off 0.6 percent.
China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers' index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world's second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported , while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
The disappointing data pulled European shares lower as they retreated from a four-week high. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.9 percent to 1,340.38 after rising to as much as 1,355.16, the highest since early October.
Two US industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 28.07 points, or 0.16 percent, to 17,362.45, the S&P 500 lost 1.19 points, or 0.06 percent, to 2,016.86 and the Nasdaq Composite
added 3.19 points, or 0.07 percent, to 4,633.93.
The BOJ last week said it would boost its massive stimulus spending, due to worry about weak growth. There are expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, will also eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bonds.
The dollar climbed as high as 114.20 yen, its highest level since December 2007, and was last up 1.3 percent at 113.77.
The euro hit a low of $1.2441, its weakest since August 2012. It was last down 0.3 percent at $1.2484.
The dollar, up 0.5 percent, touched highs not seen since mid-2010 versus a basket of currencies and was on track for a fourth straight day of gains.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was down 4/32, the yield at 2.3478 percent.
The greenback's strength led to a decline in gold, which held near four-year lows. The metal last traded down 6.6 percent $1,168 an ounce.
Oil also came under pressure from the dollar's climb. Brent crude fell $1.08 to settle at $85.78 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down $1.76 cents at $78.78, its lowest level since June 2012.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/1wsrvTPStocks retreat from record territory; oil drops
Market indexes are retreating from record territory Monday.
Post to Facebook
Stocks retreat from record territory; oil drops Market indexes are retreating from record territory Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x1gAPX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks retreat from record territory; oil drops
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
William Cummings , USA TODAY 7:48 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
39 CONNECT 89 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks pulled back slightly from record territory Monday as oil prices tumbled more than 2% to below $79 a barrel.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28, or 0.1% to 17,366.24 and the S&P  500 dipped 0.24, or less than 0.1%, to 2017.81 -- both ducking below respective closing highs set Friday.
The Nasdaq composite rose 8.17 points, or 0.2% to 4638.91, staying at a 14½-year high.
The energy sector took a hit as the price of oil continued to drop. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.76 to $78.78 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The mixed performance Monday came as investors take a wait-and-see approach on economic news set for later this week, including the latest government report on monthly job gains and the unemployment rate.
The midterm congressional vote -- just a day away -- may be causing more suspense as well. Wall Street is watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress. That would produce a Pennsylvania Avenue power equation -- a Republican-led Congress dealing with a Democratic president -- that's historically favorable for investors, says Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ.

Greg wanted me ascaptainPrint
Sachin has made some serious revelation in his biography, including how then India coach Chappel coaxed him to take the captaincy. (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 1:22 pm
What prompted Greg Chappell to drop in at Sachin Tendulkar’s Bandra residence and ask him to consider replacing Rahul Dravid as India’s ODI captain for the 2007 World Cup? Here are some numbers that might throw some light on this unusual request.
For starters, the revelation might seem all the more curious since Dravid’s captaincy had seen India break new barriers in terms of chasing down totals after he took over in 2005.
The five-wicket win at Kingston’s Sabina Park on May 18, 2006 was their 14th straight successful run-chase. A run that would be broken two days later at the same ground with hosts West Indies pipping them by a one-run margin. The following six months then saw India slip dramatically in the 50-over format, which might have alarmed their coach.
India only won five out of 14 ODIs from that point on, eventually losing the series in the Caribbean 4-1 before being thrashed 4-0 in South Africa.
They also failed to reach the semifinals of the Champions Trophy played at home and were beaten by both Australia and the West Indies in Malaysia. It wasn’t just Dravid the captain but the batsman too who suffered a reversal in form-averaging 21.38 and scoring just two half-centuries. Whether it was alarmist enough for Chappell to seek a change of guard is debatable but this is what Tendulkar remembers about that Bandra night.
“Just months before the World Cup, Chappell had come to see me at home and, to my dismay, suggested that I should take over the captaincy from Rahul Dravid. Anjali, who was sitting with me, was equally shocked to hear him say that ‘together, we could control Indian cricket for years,’ and that he would help me in taking over the reins of the side,” Tendulkar writes in his autobiography Playing it My Way, excerpts of which have been released by Hachette India.
LACK OF RESPECT
“I was surprised to hear the coach not showing the slightest amount of respect for the captain, with cricket’s biggest tournament just months away. I rejected his proposition outright. He stayed for a couple of hours, trying to convince me, before finally leaving,” he further writes.
With the World Cup just a couple of months ago, Tendulkar, who had averaged 41.87 in the same period after recovering from shoulder surgery, reveals in his book that he wanted Chappell to be kept out of the tournament.
“I suggested to the BCCI that the best option would be to keep Greg back in India and not send him with the team to the World Cup. That is not what happened, of course, and the 2007 campaign ended in disaster ,” he writes.
As it turned out, India and Tendulkar were dumped out of the World Cup in the first round itself, following humbling losses to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Chappell continued…
Anjali, who was sitting with me, was equally shocked to hear him (Chappell) say that ‘together, we could control Indian cricket for years,’ and that he would help me in taking over...

NIA adds terror funding charge against Hizb chief ofoperationsPrint
Written by Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:02 am
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has filed a chargesheet against Kashmiri youth Muzaffar Ahmad Dar alias Gaznavi, alleged to be a former chief of operations of the Hizb-ul-Mujahideen (HM), for terror financing and involvement in a conspiracy to wage war against India.
The case dates back to 2011. The NIA had filed a chargesheet against 10 accused on November 30 last year. A supplementary chargesheet was filed against Dar on Saturday. The trial is likely to commence soon.
According to the NIA, Dar, a resident of Chichiloora village near Magam in J&K’s Budgam district, illegally crossed over Indian border twice, in 1990 and 1994, and underwent terror training in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Dar allegedly infiltrated into India in 1992 and 1999 and “remained active in furthering terrorist activities in J&K.”
“He was arrested in 2009. Even while in Srinagar Central Jail, Dar continued terrorist and unlawful activities,” an NIA officer said. Dar was transferred to Tihar jail in May this year.
Those named in the NIA’s chargesheet are HM’s commander-in-chief Mohammed Yusuf Shah alias Sayed Salahuddin, Mohammed Shafi Shah alias Dawood, Talib Lali, Gulam Nabi Khan, Umer Farooq Shera, Manzoor Ahmed Dar, Zaffar Hussain Bhat, Nazir Ahmad Dar, Abdul Majid Sofi and Mubarak Shah. “Funds regularly received from across the border by HM were given to active terrorists and families of killed terrorists of HM in J&K. HM was raising these funds through Jammu Kashmir Affectees Relief Trust (JKART), its front organisation,” an NIA officer said.
The NIA’s chargesheet states that funds received by HM from across the border are transferred through Hawala channel to J&K, Delhi and other places in India in the garb of Jammu Kashmir Affectees Relief Trust (JKART), a frontal organisation of HM.
“The JKART and ROKM are primarily funded by the Pakistan government and its agencies including but not limited to ISI,” the chargesheet adds.

Red alert after Wagah attack  21arrestedBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:02 am
At least 21 people, including a suicide bomber, were Monday arrested and explosives and a suicide vest recovered from the Wagah border area as entire Pakistan was put on red alert after 61 people were killed in a deadly terror attack at the Indo-Pak land border crossing.
The red alert was sounded on Muharram eve to avoid any attack on devotees after Sunday’s attack.
An official said the interior ministry has issued a red alert for the entire country, which increases security measures to the maximum level.
A Punjab Rangers official said explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation in the area. “The suicide vest stuffed with explosives and ball bearings has been defused by the bomb disposal squad,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies arrested 20 ‘suspects’ from the Wagah border areas during the search operation.
Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi told PTI that the law enforcement agencies launched an operation in the residential areas in Wagah after the attack and have taken 20 suspects into custody.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Muharram processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
They also arrested a suspected suicide bomber from Multan district, some 350 km from Lahore.
The Lahore police Sunday issued a sketch of 17-year-old Abdul Rehman who had gone missing from a seminary in old city of Lahore for a month.
“The police along with an intelligence agency have raided a house in Multan district and arrested Abdul Rehman,” Naqvi said, adding Rehman has been shifted to unknown place for interrogation.
At least 61 people, including 10 women, eight children and three security personnel, have died in the attack when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah. Over 100 injured are being treated in different hospitals in Lahore.
Three militant factions — Jundullah, Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Mahar Mehsud — have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that took place after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah.
Hours after cancelling the beating retreat ceremony at Wagah border, Pakistan Monday allowed general public to view the popular ceremony.

Notice to Gujarat on Pradeep SharmapleaPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:00 am
The Gujarat High Court on Monday issued notice to the state government on a bail petition moved by suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma.
The single bench of Justice A J Desai has sought reply from the government and kept the matter for further hearing on Friday.
Sharma, who is lodged in jail in a graft case, was arrested  by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on September 30 for allegedly  having misused  his official position in order to favour businessmen. Sharma is currently lodged in Bhuj jail in judicial custody.
The special Bhuj court had rejected his bail plea on October 10.
Appearing for Sharma in the High Court, advocate Narendra Jain said that all the allegation levelled were mala fide. Sharma has objected to the way in which ACB  lodged an FIR at 1 am and immediately arrested him. He has said that the haste of the state government in arresting him at midnight in an economic offence reveals the mala fide intention of state.

Barack Obama  Janet Yellen discuss economy  global recoveryBarack Obama, Janet Yellen discuss economy, global recovery
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.58AM IST
(The Obama-Yellen meeting…)
WASHINGTON: With the Federal Reserve's role in the U.S. economic recovery at a crossroads, Fed Chair Janet Yellen on Monday sat down with President Barack Obama in their first face-to-face meeting since she assumed her post in February. The White House said Yellen offered her perspective on the economy both at home and abroad.
The US central bank last week announced the end of its landmark bond-buying program, a form of economic stimulus largely credited with helping the recovery by increasing the supply of money to financial institutions and keeping long-term interest rates low.
Yellen now faces a key decision on when to raise short-term interest rates, which the Fed has kept at a record low near zero since December 2008. Many economists believe the first rate increase will not occur until June at the earliest although the Fed has maintained that it will be dependent on the performance of the economy, which has seen some strengthening in the job market.
The Fed is an independent institution and presidents insist they do not meddle in the central bank's monetary policy decisions. But faced with a politically divided Congress and the possibility of a Republican-led House and Senate following Tuesday's elections, Obama's own economic policies have faced resistance. That makes the Fed one of the most influential players in the nation's economic trajectory.
The meeting also comes a week ahead of Obama's Asia trip which includes a gathering in Australia of the Group of 20 largest economies. U.S. policy makers have been keeping a wary eye on the economic struggles overseas, particularly China where the economy has been slowing down and in Europe where the eurozone nations are in danger of a third recession in seven years.
``Obviously the Fed is an independent body,'' White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. ``They make their own policies, but there is an opportunity for the president and the chair of the Fed to have conversations. Those conversations, at least in the context of today, are focused on the long-term outlook for the American economy and even the longer-term impact of the global economy as well.''
Obama, who held periodic meetings with Ben Bernanke when he chaired the central bank, did see Yellen last month while meeting with financial regulators to review measures aimed at avoiding a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. Monday's meeting was their first meeting alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM and Apple Are Big Market MoversThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Obama & Yellen talk Dodd-Frank  growthobama & yellen talk dodd-frank  growth
FOREX-Central bank moves drive market  dollar at new highs vs yen  euroFOREX-Central bank moves drive market  dollar at new highs vs yen  euro
Oil Skids as Saudis Adjust PricesOil Skids as Saudis Adjust Prices
Problem Solver: Insurance firm fully covers bill for...0
The news has also been good for Elisabeth Grzywa and her son Aaron, whose home-based services were not being paid because of a "system glitch."
Aaron had been receiving the services through the Home and Community Based Waiver Program. When the autistic teen turned 19 in January, he had to switch from the state's All Kids insurance program to adult Medicaid.
The switch did not go smoothly, and soon, all the bills from Aaron's providers were rejected by Medicaid.
When the Problem Solver inquired about the case in August, the Illinois Department of Human Services looked into the case. It determined that the Downers Grove teenager had two simultaneous, active cases in the system, one for his care before turning 19 and another for after his 19th birthday.
Before the glitch was discovered, unpaid bills from Aaron's providers had grown to about $8,600. Without immediate payment, the providers said they would halt Aaron's services.
Everything seemed to be straightened out when the Problem Solver wrote about the case Aug. 31. At the time, the state promised to pay the outstanding bills. Grzywa said Friday that those bills did, in fact, get paid.
"I had my quarterly meeting with my agencies yesterday," she said. "It's working now."
Grzywa said Aaron's services were not interrupted.
"We are good to go," she said.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Dow Surges 200-Plus Points Despite New Ebola Scaredow surges 200-plus points despite new ebola scare
Airlines  efforts to boost airfares jumped in OctoberAirlines' efforts to boost airfares jumped in October
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare Airport in Chicago, Illinois
JIM YOUNG, Reuters Photo
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Oct. 2.
A United Airlines airplane passes by an American Airlines plane at the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Oct. 2. (JIM YOUNG, Reuters Photo)
Airlines try, and mostly fail, to raise fares despite Ebola
Ebola, cheap fuel don't dissuade airlines from trying to hike fares
October has been the busiest month this year for attempted airfare hikes among major airlines, despite Ebola fears and low jet fuel prices, as a broad-based try by American Airlines last week to raise fares by a few dollars ended in failure, according to FareCompare.com.
The latest attempt, by American Airlines-US Airways on Wednesday night, was relatively small — up to $4 per round trip — but it covered the bulk of American's route system, according to Rick Seaney of FareCompare.
American Airlines on Tuesday announced a merged frequent-flier program for US Airways customers and its own and will combine loyalty accounts next year, part of its ongoing integration after the December merger to create the world's largest airline. ( Gregory Karp )
By Friday afternoon, the fare hike had failed when too few of its competitors followed and the newly merged airline rolled back its prices, Seaney reported.
In the hypercompetitive airline business, fares typically increase when one carrier raises prices and others follow. If competitors don't follow, the initiator usually drops back its fares.
The attempt was the 21st this year and the fourth in October alone. Five have succeeded this year.
0
Seaney noted the fare-hike attempts suggest that Ebola fears are not hurting demand for flights, and airline executives last week said as much during their quarterly earnings conference calls.
It also means savings from lower jet fuel prices, which boosted airline profits, are not being passed along to consumers, he said.
Other fare-hike attempts included a $10 increase per round trip on Oct. 9 initiated by JetBlue Airways. It was matched by other major airlines but then rolled back, with only JetBlue sticking with the increase. After another attempt Oct. 14 by United Airlines and Air Canada ended in failure, a Delta Air Lines hike of $4 on Oct. 16 succeeded, according to FareCompare.
The average domestic airfare is $396, up 2.5 percent after inflation compared with last year, according to second-quarter data released Tuesday by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Since 1995, inflation-adjusted fares declined 14.7 percent compared with a 56.3 percent increase in overall consumer prices, the Transportation Department said. 

Switchback: Talking Tech (Oct. 31)Switchback: Talking Tech (Oct. 31)
Oct 31, 2014
The team from The Switch discussed everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Q:

GIFF JOHNSON / AFP - Getty Imagesgiff johnson / afp - getty images
Time for a crash dietComing soon: The 3-D printed car
Crash test dummies look more like us every day
Humanetics, one of the world’s largest crash test dummy makers, said it was manufacturing new models to match the world's aging – and widening – population. The company says it is creating dummies that better represent passengers in order to gather more accurate crash information. According to the company, obese passengers are 78% more likely to die in a car crash than passengers of average weight. The company is also working on a prototype dummy set to debut next year that represents older passengers, who are more likely to be seriously injured in a collision.
Goodyear wants to eliminate tire-inflation problems
(Goodyear Tire)
The company announced it would begin testing an automatic tire inflation system, called Air Maintenance Technology, or AMT, in US and Canadian truck fleets. Created in 2011, the AMT system allows tires to remain at a specified cold inflation pressure without any pumps or external electronics. Instead, the tires utilise an internal pump that automatically keeps tires inflated to a preset level. Goodyear claims the technology would reduce fuel costs and improve tire life. The US Department of Energy has contributed $1.5m towards AMT development, and after fleet testing Goodyear hopes to bring the technology to market.
Mazda's bright idea
(Mazda)
At Japan's Ceatec technology showcase, Mazda showed a high-beam auto-dimming feature it aims to bring to its vehicles. Using the current cameras and lasers Mazda uses for its collisions avoidance system, a vehicle so equipped would detect the location of cars ahead of it and direct the beam of its LEDs only to areas where the light would not distract other drivers. Each headlight is divided into four LED blocks, with combinations of blocks dimming when a car is detected in their light path. Mazda’s innovation follows that of Audi, which has already implemented adaptive LEDs in select European models, but the technology has not been approved for road use in the US.
Ducati opens its heart valves
The Italian sportbike manufacturer unveiled what it claims is the first motorcycle engine with variable valve timing – a technology widely available in passenger cars but, until recently, not on bikes. The company calls its innovation the Testastretta DVT, the letter grouping standing for Desmodromic Variable Timing. The engine continuously adjusts the valve timing to offer maximum intake and exhaust overlap during high-performance riding and minimal overlap during mid- to low engine speeds. Ducati squeezes 160 horsepower from the 1.2-litre two-cylinder engine, while delivering up to 100 pound-feet of torque. Combined with repositioned fuel injectors, which now spray directly into the intake valve instead of the port wall, Ducati claims an 8% fuel savings over the engine’s non-variable equivalents. (Video: Ducati)
Ford Police Interceptor wises up
(Ford Motor)
Ford announced a new suite of technologies for its Police Interceptor vehicles that allows law enforcement agencies to track vehicle data in real time. The new Ford Telematics for Law Enforcement system, co-developed with Telogis, allows agencies to remotely track various performance parameters for each police vehicle, such as speed, cornering, engine torque, traction control engagement, pedal position and more. The system also can detect when a vehicle is in pursuit mode and whether or not an officer is wearing a seatbelt. Ford says vehicle accidents are the leading cause of death for police officers, and the company believes the new telematics system will result in fewer crashes involving squad cars.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Business quest for standard on EU reformBig business in quest for a standard to rally on EU membership
By Jonathan Guthrie
Surge in support for Ukip, with its anti-EU rhetoric, is scaring big business and the Tories
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19367a28-611c-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of Japan opens the floodgatesAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Merkel considers British exit from EUMerkel warns Cameron over freedom of movement within EU
Helen Warrell in London and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da16f51c-6287-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Voting held in rebel regions of Ukraine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25cbb9aa-6299-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europes bloody bordersUkraine, Russia and Europe’s bloody borders
Gideon Rachman
If nations were again allowed to claim bits of their neighbours, it could convulse the continent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c168540-5dc3-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Midterms show limits of forecastingUnpredictable midterms show the limits of election forecasting
Robin Harding in Washington
Models are all based on the same publicly available information
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0e9c880-629d-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McConnell fights for US election prizeMcConnell in pivotal fight for Senate prize
Richard McGregor in Louisville
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa73e2d8-62a6-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamas energy past hurts DemocratsObama’s energy past hurts Democrats in midterms
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69e58d64-6131-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis buys Sapient to expand in USPublicis to buy Sapient in ‘digital platform’ push for US growth
Ed Hammond and Shannon Bond in New York, Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07380b5a-62d6-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors challenge Portugals BES rescueInvestors file legal challenge over Portugal’s BES rescue
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29639fa0-613c-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis results lag behind rivalsPublicis results lag behind rivals
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56d4b468-5a9f-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emails put spotlight on Walgreen  ex-CFO lawsuitEmails put spotlight on Walgreen, ex-CFO lawsuit
By Ellen Jean Hirst and Jemal R. Brinson, @ellenjeanhirst @ChiTribGraphics
Internal emails included in a lawsuit offer a rare peek into Walgreen discussions about financial considerations and dealing with the press, as well as comments from the company's former chief financial officer, who alleges in the suit that the company defamed him.
Walgreen's former Chief Financial Officer Wade Miquelon sued the drugstore operator last month, citing news reports that suggested he was "personally responsible" for errors in the company's earnings forecast. The Wall Street Journal reported Aug. 19 that Miquelon left the company after a $1 billion forecasting error in Walgreen's Medicare-related business.
Miquelon is up for a $3.2 million severance package after his non-executive role with the company officially ends on Dec. 1. On Thursday, Walgreen will be back in court to try to seal parts of the lawsuit the company says are confidential and proprietary. You can view a copy of the full lawsuit, including the parts of the lawsuit Walgreen wishes to redact, here.
Below is a condensed version of exhibits found in Miquelon's lawsuit, which have been edited for space:
Pre-earnings release
Emails are exchanged discussing upcoming third quarter earnings and an impending deal.
Earnings day
An email sent by Miquelon on June 24, when third quarter earnings are released, contained the following text. A text message was also included in the exhibits.
The Wall Street Journal calls
Emails supplied by Miquelon detail his correspondence with Wall Street Journal senior editor Michael Siconolfi.
Reputation concerns
Miquelon emails an executive recruiter, Ann Fastiggi, following a Wall Street Journal news report. He also writes Walgreen, including CEO Greg Wasson and general counsel Thomas Sabatino, asking for help clearing his name.
Sources: Tribune reporting, Cook County Circuit Court documents

Nifty on track to make 9K in next 12 months: ExpertsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bse
Nifty turns 20, on track to hit 9000 in next 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The reward-to-risk ratio…)
NEW DELHI: The National Stock Exchange , which was set up by the government to break the BSE's ( Bombay Stock Exchange ) monopoly in the stock market, went live with its capital market (equities) segment on 03 November 1994.
The CNX Nifty index is a well-diversified 50 stock index compared to BSE's 30-stock index, Sensex , which accurately reflects overall market conditions.
The reward-to-risk ratio of CNX Nifty is higher than other leading indices, making it a more attractive portfolio and offering similar returns, but at lesser risk, says an IISL report.
The index, which has already rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to a new record high of 8350.60 in trade on Monday, is well on track to track to hit the levels of around 9,000 in the next 12 month and a level of 18,000 in the next four years, say analysts.
"We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections," says Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
"Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit," he adds.
Jaipuria is of the view that we will also keep on having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
Most analysts across the Street firmly believe that the index, which is today amongst the top 10 exchanges globally, is firmly in a multi-year bull run and with macros in place, the Indian markets have a long way to go.
NSE, which overtook BSE as India's largest exchange in October 1995, has far wider economic representation than the Sensex. CNX Nifty is based upon solid economic research and is well respected internationally as a pioneering effort in better understanding how to make a stock market index.
"The Nifty is on a multiyear bull run with a strong government in place, which is expected to remove bottlenecks from the system and bring strong reforms to turn the tide on the ground and bring back high earning growth," says Siddharth Sedani, Vice President - Portfolio Management Service at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Earning accretion would be the next pivot point for the Nifty to move ahead in the coming quarters. Equity weightage is bound to increase multi fold in India among the other asset classes, which would be a differentiating factor in the 20th anniversary of the Nifty," he adds.
Expectations are running high from the Indian markets given the fact that are macros are stabilised and growth has bottomed out. With the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Analysts say that the correction is more of a short-term phenomenon and long-term investors should look at buying on dips as the Nifty is set to hit levels of around 9000.
"We have rallied broadly 2000 points on the Nifty, from 6000 odd levels to the levels of over 8000. So even if we correct to 7500-7600 levels on global uncertainty, investors should use the opportunity to go long in the markets," says Ashwani Gujral , fund manager at ashwanigujral.com .
"So, once the global markets recover and more reforms gets implemented, chances are that we will have the next leg of the rally, which may push the index to the levels around 9000 and 7500 is a very good support for the index," he adds.
Analysts are of the view that such drawdowns are common, even in bull markets. Rising volatility is a key characteristic of this market and as far as India is concerned, investors should not be worried too much as the long-term trend still remains intact.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms recorded last month, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed by ET Now see the Nifty index trading above the 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Developing Leadershipreddit
I have often talked about the importance of developing leaders in college. In fact, it is one of the overarching objectives of a college education -- preparing the leaders of the future. At FM, we have had many discussions about leadership and how we need to provide students the opportunity to practice it. It is impossible to cover all, or even most, of the aspects of leadership in such a short article; however, I'll try to hit some of the highlights.
What is leadership? Often, people believe that someone is a "born leader" or that leadership is some personality trait that is part of one's very being. However, leadership can be developed. There have been many essays, articles, and books written about the theories of leadership.
First and foremost, leadership is getting people to do something; therefore, it could be argued that if you have followers, and they are getting done what you want done, you are a leader.  However, that very simple definition is inadequate for today's leader.
Leaders provide a vision. They see an organization, company, or community not as it is, but as it could be. Equally as important, leaders can articulate that vision in a way that others can see it too, and want to make it happen. Leaders create an environment in which every person feels that their contribution is important. They create a culture where people can share ideas freely and those ideas are expressed in order to further the progress toward the vision.
Leaders do not have to be "in charge." Rather, they welcome the opinions of others and foster open discussion. If done right, the discussion will create a better outcome through a collection of ideas and actions. If not done right, those different opinions can just obscure the vision and distract from progress.
Leadership is also about people, not things. A good leader knows that it takes people, working together, to accomplish any goal. Teaching, communicating, supporting and celebrating with people are key to leadership. People matter, a good leader never forgets that fact or puts his/her own ego ahead of people.
Good leaders demonstrate integrity. Few people will truly follow a leader that they cannot trust. If a leader says one thing and does another, or changes his/her story based on who is in the room, all credibility is lost. If you don't have the trust of those with whom you work, you cannot lead.
So how do we teach students to be leaders? There are several ways that students practice leadership on campus. First, they can get involved in student government. Such involvement can teach students the democratic process, the value of debate, and the opportunity to create real change in an organization. Second, students can demonstrate leadership within a variety of clubs on campus. Each club has a purpose and each club also has a community service component. This is an opportunity to do something meaningful that assists our community.
Students also practice leadership in group activities and projects for classes. They have to organize, prioritize, and work together to accomplish the goal of completing the project by its due date. Some student practice leadership through athletics. Serving on a team can develop a number of skills needed by good leaders. All of these opportunities are supervised by faculty who promote leadership.
Leadership is critical to the development of a community or organization. Colleges, like Fulton-Montgomery Community College, strive to prepare students not only to work, but to lead.
More:

Why Taxation Must Go Globalreddit
BERLIN --  We are witnessing profound changes in the way that the world economy works. As a result of the growing pace and intensity of globalization and digitization, more and more economic processes have an international dimension. As a consequence, an increasing number of businesses are adapting their structures to domestic and foreign legal systems and taxation laws.
Thanks to technical advances in the digital economy, companies can serve markets without having to be physically present in them. At the same time, sources of income have become more mobile: There is an increasing focus on intangible assets and mobile investment income that can easily be "optimized" from a tax point of view and transferred abroad.
Tax legislation has not kept pace with these developments. Most of the tax-allocation principles that apply today date back to a time when doing business internationally primarily meant transporting goods across a border to a neighboring country. But rules that were devised for this in the 1920s and 1930s are no longer suitable for today's international integration of economic processes and corporate structures. They need to be adapted to the economic reality of digital services.
In the absence of workable rules, states are losing revenue that they urgently need in order to fulfill their responsibilities. At the same time, the issue of fair taxation is becoming more and more pressing, because the number of taxpayers who make an adequate contribution to financing public goods and services is decreasing.
The resulting tensions between national fiscal sovereignty and the borderless scope of today's business activities can be resolved only through international dialogue and uniform global standards. Within the European Union, permitting groups of states to forge ahead with joint solutions to issues that can be addressed only multilaterally has worked well in the past. If such measures prove successful, other states follow.
This approach can also serve as a global governance model for resolving international problems. In today's world, even large states cannot establish and enforce international frameworks on their own. Groups of countries still can. This has been demonstrated in the context of financial-market regulation; it is starting to become clear with regard to the regulatory framework for the digital economy; and it is now being confirmed in the area of taxation.
The Seventh Meeting of the Global Forum on Transparency and Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes took place in Berlin last week, bringing together representatives from 122 countries and jurisdictions, as well as the EU. A joint agreement on the automatic exchange of information on financial accounts was signed on Wednesday.
The joint agreement was originally an initiative by Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, and Spain. Roughly 50 early-adopter countries and territories decided to take part, while other countries have indicated their willingness to join.
The agreement is based on the Common Reporting Standard, which was developed by the OECD. Under the CRS, tax authorities receive information from banks and other financial service providers and automatically share it with tax authorities in other countries. In the future, virtually all of the information connected to a bank account will be reported to the tax authorities of the account holder's country, including the account holder's name, balance, interest and dividend income, and capital gains.
Various measures are in place to ensure that banks can identify the beneficial owner and notify the relevant tax authorities accordingly. The CRS thus expands the scope of global, cross-border cooperation among national tax authorities. In this way, we can establish a regulatory framework for the age of globalization.
The automatic exchange of information is a pragmatic and effective response to the perceived lack of global governance regarding international tax issues. By making taxation fairer, governments will have a positive impact on people's acceptance of their tax regimes.
This great success in the fight against international tax evasion would have been unthinkable only a few years ago. Now it is important to continue the efforts of the OECD and the G-20 in the area of corporate taxation. We need to make sure that creative tax planning in the form of profit-shifting and artificial profit reduction is no longer a lucrative business model.
A "beggar-thy-neighbor" taxation policy, by which one country pursues tax policies at the expense of others, is just as dangerous as beggar-thy-neighbor monetary policies based on competitive currency devaluation. It leads to misallocations -- and will ultimately reduce prosperity around the world.
That is why we need to agree on uniform international standards in order to achieve fair international tax competition. The progress achieved in Berlin on the automatic exchange of tax information shows that, by working together, we can realize this goal.
This piece also appeared on Project Syndicate
© Project Syndicate, 2014
More:

Watch Longtime Boston Mayor Tom Menino s FuneralCLICK HERE to read the program for Menino's services
Menino's Chief of Staff: "He Always Wanted to Be in the Mix of Things"
Mitchell Weiss shared his memories of former Boston Mayor Tom Menino, who passed away last week at 71. (Published Monday, Nov 3, 2014)
"The people-loving urban mechanic has gone to fix potholes in heaven," said Menino's successor, Mayor Marty Walsh . "I want to say, with all of Boston and for all of Boston, thank you, Mayor Menino."
Sitting front and center were his wife, Angela, his rock throughout his decades of public service, and their children, Susan and Tommy Jr.
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick was among the speakers .
"It hardly surprises me that half the city's residents have met him. What surprises me is that it was only half," quipped Patrick. "About his infamous mumbling — you always knew what he meant, and more importantly, that he meant what he said."
Prominent People Say Goodbye to Menino
From Former President Bill Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden to major Boston athletes like Bill Russell, Pedro Martinez and David Ortiz, many were on hand to bid the city's longest-serving mayor farewell. (Published Monday, Nov 3, 2014)
During the service, some of Menino's colleagues shared anecdotes about their time with Boston's longest-serving mayor.
"He never missed a marathon, but his doctors told him he would have to miss this one," said Patrick of the mayor before last year's bombings. "But he checked himself out of the hospital to be present with us and for us, and that show of strength and resolve helped Boston be strong again."
Boston Says Goodbye During Menino's Final Ride Home
Former President Bill Clinton and current Vice President Joe Biden were also among the guests.
Cardinal Sean O’Malley presided over the service, but the homily was delivered by Rev. John Connolly Jr. from the mayor’s parish in West Roxbury, St. John Chrysostom.
Church Members Mourn Menino's Passing
"We give thanks to God for the gift of Tom's life, and we ask the Lord to comfort us," said Rev. Connolly. "He showed us in the aftermath of April 15, 2013 what it means to be a person of faith, hope and love."
Seven hundred people were seated in the main sanctuary, while 300 were in the basement chapel.

Corporations Aren t People And They Aren t Nation States  Eitherreddit
Despite what some politicians say, corporations aren't people. But, even worse, when it comes to the world's biggest trade deals, corporations are actually treated like nation states. Thankfully, a major storm is brewing that could put a crack in this fundamental pillar of the existing free trade regime.
Today's free trade deals commonly include a set of rules that empower corporations to challenge laws and policies passed by democratically-elected governments in secret trade courts. Increasingly, corporations use these so-called 'investor-state' provisions to challenge energy and climate policies , public health and anti-smoking laws , and minimum wage requirements -- among many others . That authority effectively gives corporations the same legal standing as other nations when it comes to international trade.  While civil society has long opposed this anti-democratic and anti-public interest process, new leadership in the European Union may help bury this system of corporate rights once and for all.
This process of "investor-state" dispute settlement has been a major and controversial issue in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) , a free trade deal being negotiated between the United States and the European Union. Back in December 2013, less than six months after negotiations for the trade pact began, more than 200 civil society organizations from both sides of the Atlantic urged investor-state provisions to be excluded from TTIP because:
•  Investor-state dispute settlement forces governments to use taxpayer funds to pay  corporations for public health, environmental, labor and other public interest policies and government actions;
•  Investor-state dispute settlement explicitly undermines democratic decision-making; and
• European and U.S. legal systems are already very capable of handling disputes.
The United States Trade Representative (USTR), the part of the U.S. government that negotiates free trade pacts like TTIP, has been absolutely clear in its desire to keep investor-state provisions in the pact , despite strong opposition from U.S. civil society organizations , state legislators , and some Members of Congress.  The sentiment in Europe is more skeptical.
In January 2014, for example, growing public concern over these reckless provisions prompted the European Commission to halt negotiations on this part of the agreement and conduct a public consultation on the issue. About 150,000 people responded to the consultation -- one of the highest response rates ever for a Commission consultation.  The Commission is now compiling the results.
Member states of the European Union are also increasingly doubtful about giving corporations free rein to challenge public health and environmental safeguards in secret courts. Germany's Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, for example, wrote in March 2014 that "From the perspective of the [German] federal government, the United States and Germany already have sufficient legal protection in the national courts," and that Germany "has already made clear its position that specific dispute settlement provisions are not necessary in the EU-U.S. trade deal." It's no wonder why Germany is concerned; Germany has been on the wrong end of two investor-state cases -- one to challenge new regulations in Germany's coal fired power plants and another to challenge its decision to ban nuclear energy .
To top this, European Commission President-elect Jean-Claude Junker--the supreme decision- maker on this topic in Europe -- has also expressed his strong concerns over investor-state dispute settlement in TTIP.  In his speech before European Parliament, Junker said that : "In the agreement that my Commission will eventually submit to this House for approval there will be nothing that... will allow secret courts to have the final say in disputes between investors and States." Junker furthermore said that "There will be no investor-to-state dispute clause in TTIP" if his deputy, incoming commission Vice President Frans Timmermans, "does not agree with it too."
Of course, the battle is not over yet and the public in both the EU and the U.S. need to be vigilant in our opposition to this system of corporate rights in trade pacts. And, while keeping investor-state provisions out of TTIP would be a major, major accomplishment, there would also be many other dangers of the TTIP. Right this second, however, you can raise your voice and help crack this system of corporate empowerment in trade agreements by taking action here .
Follow Ilana Solomon on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ilana_solomon1
More:

The Short View: Index pickers of BoJNovember 3, 2014 4:38 pm
Japan goes bold in deflation fight
By Ben McLannahan
BoJ embraces an alternative share index
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2bf1a56-6339-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex Live: Bank quality controlAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

French leftwinger goes to business schoolFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Banks liquidity lifeline stirs debateBanks’ liquidity lifeline stirs debate
Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd731ed0-6148-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publicis/Sapient - pay per click© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/430ef514-636f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will the Supreme Court grant certiorari in King v. BurwellBy Jonathan H. Adler November 3
On Friday, the justices of the Supreme Court held a conference to review petitions for certiorari and other procedural matters. Among the most-watched petitions before the justices was that in  King v. Burwell , a challenge to the legality of an IRS rule authorizing tax credits for the purchase of health insurance in federally established exchanges.  This morning, the Court released the order list from the conference, and King was absent. Rampant speculation about what this could mean ensued.  (See Chris Walker’s walk through the possibilities here .)  Shortly thereafter, a notation on the King docket indicated that King has been relisted for this Friday’s conference.  According to avid court-watchers, this likely means that the justices are continuing to give this case some consideration, and the odds of a cert grant appear to have gone up.   According to John Elwood , the likelihood that a typical cert petition will get granted is in the 2-4 percent range, whereas the odds for a relisted petition climb to 45 percent.
As a general rule, the Court is very unlikely to grant cert petitions in the absence of an active circuit split.  When two or more lower courts produce conflicting judgments, the justices recognize the importance of resolving the conflict.  Among other things, this ensures the uniformity of federal law.   There is no current circuit split in King, however.  In King itself, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit upheld the IRS rule, concluding that the PPACA is sufficiently ambiguous and that the IRS had offered a reasonable interpretation of the statutory text.  On the very same day, in  Halbig v. Burwell , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit reached the opposite result, concluding that the IRS rule was illegal and contradicted the plain text of the PPACA.  While these two opinions are in conflict, the D.C. Circuit voted to rehear Halbig en banc , vacating the initial panel’s judgment. So while the opinions remain in conflict, there are not conflicting appellate court judgments.  Further, if the en banc court overturns the three-judge panel and agrees with the Fourth Circuit, the circuit split will disappear entirely.
If there is no active circuit split in King, why might some of the justices still believe King is cert worthy? Under the Supreme Court’s own rules ( Rule 10 in particular), other reasons for granting certiorari include when a lower court “has decided an important question of federal law that has not been, but should be, settled by this Court.”  Why might this apply in King? First, there is no question that the issue in King is important. Indeed, the D.C. Circuit would not have taken the case en banc did it not involve “an important question of federal law.”  Further, this is a matter that continues to divide lower courts. Not only did the initial panels on the Fourth and D.C. Circuits reach conflicting conclusions, but other courts have as well. Last month, in  Pruitt v. Burwell , a district court in Oklahoma ruled against the IRS, and a decision in a fourth case — Indiana v. IRS — is expected shortly.
That lower courts disagree and that the question is important is usually not enough to merit an immediate cert grant, however.  The justices often like to wait and let questions “percolate.”  So whether the Court agrees to hear King will likely depend on whether the justices (or, more precisely, four of the justices) believe that a) this is a question that will (or should) eventually fall on their plate, and b) this is a question that should be resolved sooner rather than later.  I list both of these factors because, as I already noted, the justices are usually quite happy to let cases wait. This allows them to get the benefit of seeing how lower courts address the relevant issues and there is always the possibility that lower courts will reach a consensus, obviating the need for Supreme Court review altogether.  (This is particularly true in constitutional cases as the error costs are so high.  An erroneous statutory decision can be reversed by Congress; an erroneous constitutional judgment, is much harder to fix.)
Does King satisfy both criteria?  It might.  In King there is a serious argument that it would be better to resolve the underlying question of statutory interpretation sooner rather than later.  The resolution of this litigation will alter the calculus for many political and private actors considering how to respond to the PPACA, and the statute contains various deadlines and timeframes that may become harder to navigate the longer this litigation drags on.  Among other things, states may wish to reconsider whether to create their own exchanges and seek additional support grant. Some states that created their own exchanges are planning to shift to a federal exchange; Oregon’s transition is already underway.  A victory for the plaintiffs in King could force them to reconsider. It might also prompt HHS to develop rules to facilitate the state waiver process that begins in 2017.  The more time they have to do this, the easier it will be. Further, the longer the IRS rule remains in place, the more disruptive it will be should the Supreme Court ultimately decide that rule is illegal, a point made by the petitioners in their briefing and highlighted by the  WSJ . Of note, it appears some insurers are making contingency plans to prepare for the possibility that the King or Halbig plaintiffs prevail.
Note that up until this point, all of the lower federal appellate courts to consider challenges to the IRS tax credit rule expedited their proceedings.  The D.C., Fourth and Tenth Circuits all recognized that there are good reasons to rush this litigation along so as to expedite resolution of the question and remove the cloud of uncertainty over exchange operations.  If the Supreme Court agrees with this apparent lower court consensus that time is of the essence — and believe that the plaintiffs at least present a serious claim on the merits — this would be a good reason to grant the petition now so the question can be resolved once and for all.  This would be a reason not to wait and see what happens in the D.C., Tenth and Seventh Circuits.
Interestingly enough, until this fall, the federal government had no objection to moving these cases at a faster pace.  Then, once the King petition was filed, the Justice Department suddenly asked for more time to file its briefs and sought en banc review of Halbig.  The result could be postponing final resolution of the underlying legal issue until 2016 or even later.  There may be strategic reasons for slow-walking the case, such as a belief that the longer tax credits and subsidies flow, the harder it will be for the Court to undo them.  But if the justices think the federal government is dragging this out, this strategy could backfire.  Of course legal advocates can be expected to engage in tactical maneuvering to improve their odds of winning, but this is not a Court that takes kindly to being gamed, particularly by the Justice Department.
Some have argued rejecting King should be an easy call.  Brianne Gorod made this argument at Balkinization, maintaining there’s no reason to grant given the lack of a circuit split.  Yet just a few weeks earlier she lamented  the Court’s refusal to grant cert in other statutory interpretation cases in which a meaningful circuit split was lacking.  In both  White v. Baptist Memorial Health Care Corp. and Hammond v. Kmart Corp. the petitioners tried to argue for the existence of splits, but the justices were not convinced — and for good reasons (as the briefs in opposition made clear).  In King, however, various judges have reached directly opposite conclusions about the meaning of the PPACA and the legality of the IRS rule.  Given what is at stake, it is hard to argue White and Hammond were cert worthy, but King is not — unless, of course, one just wants the Court to review those cases one believes the lower courts got wrong.  Here I confess that I obviously would like to see King granted. My point here is not so much to make that case (or predict that a grant is forthcoming) so much as it is to explain why four justices may believe a grant is warranted.
Gorod and others also argued for en banc rehearing in the D.C. Circuit, even though the D.C. Circuit is generally much more stingy about en banc grants than the Supreme Court is with cert grants. As I noted at the time , there were reasonable arguments to made in favor of en banc review, but it is hard to argue simultaneously that Halbig was so important that en banc review was absolutely necessary but King is not nearly important enough to warrant the justices’ time.  The same cannot be said of the opposite argument, however.  There are quite a few cases in which en banc petitions were denied, but cert petitions were granted, including cases like EME Homer City and UARG v. EPA.  There are very few, however, in which the D.C. Circuit grants en banc and cert is denied.  In other words, at least as revealed by the courts’ behavior to date, there are far more cases that are cert-worthy-but-not-en-banc-worthy than there are cases that are en-banc-worthy-but-not-cert-worthy.
Whether or not to grant cert here is ultimately a question that four justices get to make, as it takes only four votes to grant the petition.  With luck, we’ll learn next Monday what the justices have decided to do.  If they grant King, oral arguments will be heard in the spring and we can expect an opinion by the end of June.  If not, we’ll have to wait on the D.C. Circuit’s en banc decision and eventual decisions from the Tenth and Seventh Circuit (each of which will unquestionably prompt a cert petition of its own) before knowing the ultimate fate of the IRS tax credit rule.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Analyst Expects $89B in Online Holiday SalesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Osborne seeks rule change over 1.7bn billOsborne seeks rule change over £1.7bn bill
Alex Barker and Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Jim Pickard in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b488b3c-6386-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sentencing reform and how to right the drug wars wrongsComments
By Lucy Steigerwald November 3
Editor’s note: This is a guest post by Lucy Steigerwald. She is a contributing editor for AntiWar.com and a columnist for VICE and Rare.
On November 1, the U.S. Sentencing Commission’s plan to reform sentencing for certain drug crimes went into effect . The details were hammered out back in April and July, and they could have been challenged by Congress. Thankfully, Congress declined to do so, and now the commission has a chance at helping nearly half of the 100,000 inmates in federal prison come home earlier than they otherwise would have.
For decades, the war on drugs rolled onward, leaving a pulpy mass of casualties in its wake. But since at least 2012, when Colorado and Washington state legalized recreational use of marijuana, there has been some serious strides against this dangerous domestic policy. Generally, however, any progress made on drugs has been confined to changing the legality of substances. Medical marijuana, for example is now legal in 23 states and Washington, D.C., which is a welcome improvement – unless you and your medical problem happen to reside in one of the other states.
Even the tentative, good-but-not-good-enough Fair Sentencing Act , which reduced the sentencing disparity between crack and cocaine in 2010, was initially not retroactive until the USSC voted to make it so . (The law also rather bizarrely reduced the weight disparity where mandatory minimums kick in from 100-1 to 18-1 for powder cocaine versus crack cocaine, instead of just eliminating the difference entirely.) Though imperfect, the legislation also eliminated the mandatory minimum of five years for first-time possession of crack.
The USSC is doing something more substantial still with their new guidelines, which allow for retroactive petitioning for reduced time in prison starting in November 2015. Prisoners may begin petitioning for these reductions now, however. Unfortunately, those sentences cannot fall below the mandatory minimums, which can only be changed by Congress. Ideally, the Justice Safety Valve Act , introduced by Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), which would give judges more flexibility to depart from mandatory minimums, will be eventually signed into law, allowing for some of the damages wrought by these mandatory sentences to be mitigated.
In addition, even though the sentencing reforms help the federal prison population, we are very far from instituting anything as optimistic on a statewide level. Most of the some-400,000 state prisoners in jail on drug-related crimes are out of luck unless they get individual commuting of their sentences.
As the war on drugs loses popularity, the question of what to do about the lives ruined and interrupted is going to come up again and again. One of the more fascinating, though politically unrealistic suggestions for what to do about this mess is one offered by a Green Party candidate for governor of New York : Howie Hawkins suggests releasing all drug prisoners, and putting together a “panel on reconciliation” between them and their communities and governments. They want voting rights restored, school grants restored, help for children of the former cons, and prevention of would-be employers asking about criminal histories. They even suggest full-on reparations for “the communities affected.”
This won’t pass muster, probably not even in the most liberal states. The slow reforms being offered by the USSC, and criminal justice advocates like Sen. Paul might be all we get. But the reparations idea does present a question of what society should do after the madness of a moral panic dims, and the end result turns out to be 2.3 million people in prison or jail. Most people wouldn’t object to a payment to any of the 147 people freed from death row, especially those who turned out to be unequivocally innocent. What happens when we realize that neither possessing nor selling drugs is a real criminal act? Doesn’t that suggest that we have a lot of innocent people in prison who will need a lot of help in restarting their lives?
 

Suit alleges harassment and discrimination at Ford plant3
In a statement, Jimmy Settles, United Auto Workers vice president, said: "UAW-Ford takes charges of sexual harassment, discrimination and retaliation filed by all of our members very seriously including our members at Ford's Chicago Assembly plant. The economic and social justice extended to our members remains our focus. We have studied the claims filed by our members and others that have followed and will continue to aggressively take every action possible to safeguard the dignity and civil rights of our members."
The women say company representatives told them to stop calling the harassment hotline, and at least one woman said she was suspended for continuing to report abuse.
"I never got any help. In fact, I got retaliated against," Charmella Leviege, one of the women who filed the suit, said. Other plaintiffs are Christie Van, Maria Price and Helen Allen.
They allege they were subjected to jeers, lewd comments, sexual suggestions and catcalls by co-workers and supervisors. They also have filed employment discrimination charges with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Their suit, filed in federal court in Chicago, alleges other women at the plant on the Far South Side have been subjected to a hostile work environment that includes unwelcome and unwanted sexual advances by co-workers and supervisors, requests for sexual favors, men exposing their genitals and/or showing pictures of their genitals and pornographic images.
The plant employs about 500 women.
Allen, a maintenance worker, said the location of the plant's labor relations office, in sight of co-workers, makes it difficult to file complaints without being identified. Once she said she was called into the office after calling the harassment line. Then, a few minutes after she walked out, her supervisor was called in. As a result, workers immediately knew she had complained about her supervisor, she said.
"When you complain, you become the problem," Allen said.
Van said she was knocked to the ground from behind as she was leaving the plant last year and that her assailant stomped on her back and told her not to look at his face. The man, she said, called her a "snitch." Van complained to Ford about the incident, according to the lawsuit, but she said the company didn't investigate.
Van said she took a medical leave and that a year and a half passed before Ford moved her to its stamping plant in Chicago Heights. Van said her life has been turned upside down because she spoke out against abuses. If she can't talk to supervisors, Van said, "Where do I go for help?"
The 2000 settlement covered claims at Ford's two Chicago plants.
Essence Clark, a forklift driver at the assembly plant, filed suit against Ford in May over incidents she said took place from 2010 to 2012. She alleges she was called derogatory names and reported the incidents to her supervisor and the company's labor relations unit, but that "nothing was done." She said she was later terminated, according to court records.
"I believe (Ford) perceived me to have a mental disability and terminated me because of it," she wrote in the suit, which is pending.
Ford, which described the conduct that Clark complained about as "neither severe nor pervasive," said it exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct any alleged harassing behavior. "(Clark) unreasonably failed to avail herself of any preventive or corrective opportunities provided, or otherwise failed to avoid harm," the company said in court documents.

Sprint Cutting 2K More Jobs  Reducing Staff 5 PctThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

PMO meets commerce ministry  plans a WTO  peace clause  proposalPMO meets commerce ministry  plans a WTO  peace clause  proposal
Rate Cut by Reserve Bank Imminent: RBSRate Cut by Reserve Bank Imminent: RBS
400 foreign investors to attend India Economic Summit400 foreign investors to attend India Economic Summit
Gold hovers near four-year low as crude drops  dollar ralliesGold hovers near four-year low as crude drops  dollar rallies
HSBC Manufacturing PMI rebounds in OctoberHSBC Manufacturing PMI rebounds in October
Taylor Swift pulls catalogue from SpotifyTaylor Swift removes music from Spotify
Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bba154a8-637f-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Debt recast loophole: Promoter paychecks come underscannerPrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:45 am
The government is considering a probe on how banks allowed promoters of highly leveraged companies to draw salaries in crores when their companies were not repaying the debt. In fact, what has peeved the government most is that private and foreign banks made bilateral settlements with companies while public sector banks remained passive.
In a note that analyses the drawbacks of the current corporate debt restructuring (CDR) mechanism circulated to all ministries on October 29, and even to investigating agencies, the finance ministry said, “Promoters did not take any cut in salaries. But the banks ended up making huge sacrifices. There should be a formula of sacrifice they (promoters) have to make.”
Hence, it sought a closer monitoring of the CDR schemes either by the Reserve Bank of India or the ministry of finance.
After a due diligence, the government has found that as on December 31, 2013, the exchequer has incurred an aggregate debt of Rs 2,89,398 crore because of the CDR packages of which nearly Rs 30,000 crore is owing to their failure in cases of 115 companies.
Concerned that the CDR packages may have been manipulated by the companies to their own benefits, the government is planning to order an inquiry into it. “We should know why the CDR did not work in chunk of the cases. There is need for a probe into the entire issue,” a source in the government told The Indian Express.
The finance ministry has said that promoters have repeatedly got away in CDR packages with very little sacrifice. “The principle of all stakeholders taking a haircut has to be enforced,” the finance ministry has argued.
Asking for strengthening of the debt restructuring mechanism, the finance ministry has decided to ask all banks and financial institutions to mandatorily participate in CDR reviews.
Once a package has been approved, those exiting should be penalised, according to the note. “Bilateral deals between the lender and borrower after the CDR package should be frowned upon. Monitoring of this mechanism should be done at a very senior level either by the RBI or the government,” the note said. The problem has compounded because of an inefficient debt recovery tribunal (DRT) system as cases are getting unduly delayed, which needs a thorough review, the finance ministry said.
CDR should provide for ballooning of interest so that during the period of reconstruction, the interest burden is lower and after restoration of an enterprise, normal rates are charged. Also innovative measures like allowing external commercial borrowings to the banks and financial institutions for this purpose can be considered, the ministry suggested.
The CDR schemes were drawn up by the finance ministry and the RBI provide that the borrower could approach the CDR cell in the Industrial Development Bank of India and if 75 per cent of lenders agreed to the package then it would be binding on the rest.

U.S. factory activity back at 3-1/2-year high  auto sales riseU.S. factory activity back at 3-1/2-year high  auto sales rise
Central bank views boost dollar; Wall Street ends flatCentral bank views boost dollar; Wall Street ends flat
NFCC Recognizes Veterans and Service Members and Provides Financial Programs to Meet Their NeedsNFCC Recognizes Veterans and Service Members and Provides Financial Programs to Meet Their Needs
UPDATE 10-Oil tumbles anew as Saudi cuts U.S. prices  hikes othersUPDATE 10-Oil tumbles anew as Saudi cuts U.S. prices  hikes others
Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Announces Fourth Quarter 2014 DividendSalient Midstream & MLP Fund Announces Fourth Quarter 2014 Dividend
Airline stocks up 11% | Sensex may hit 30KAirlines surge upto 10% as ATF prices slashed by 7.3 per cent
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 05.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(The oil companies have also…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Jet Airways and Spicejet surged in trade today after Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) rates were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent on November 1, 2014.
This is the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil prices. The oil companies have also lowered retail petrol and diesel prices as international crude oil prices are hovering near $85 per dollar level.
The ATF price was cut by Rs 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3 per cent, to Rs 62,537.93 per kilolitre.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
The highly leveraged airline companies are unlikely to cut fares and pass on the benefit to flyers.
"We have some of the lowest fares and highest fuel costs in the world. 7.3% ATF cut welcome relief, will help reduce bleeding. That's all," said SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor to TNN.
According to Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities the airline stocks have been under significant pressure predominately and investors should be cautious entering these companies due to debt problems.
"I am still not sure whether one should buy SpiceJet even at current levels considering the fact that ATF prices have come down and the benefit of that may not be passed on and maybe retained at SpiceJet. The problems are much bigger than simple small reduction of ATF. ATF price reduction of course helps them but still quite some distance away from coming out of all their problems," he told ET Now.
At 02:35 p.m.; Spicejet was at 14.97, up 7.47 per cent, on the BSE. It surged 10.7 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 15.42.
Jet Airways was at Rs 241.20, up 3.94 per cent, on the BSE. It gained 6.3 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 247.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saudi hikes oil prices to Asia  Europe  but US cuts spook marketPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

CFO leaves Flipkart  Bansals role expandedBy: Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:16 am
In significant top management level changes at Flipkart, interim CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy is leaving the firm and Fashion Head Mukesh Bansal will now be the marketing chief of the home grown e-commerce major.
Flipkart Vice-President (Marketplace) Ankit Nagori’s role has also been expanded and he will now be responsible for books and general merchandise categories as well.
Krishnamurthy, who joined the Bangalore-based firm from investment company Tiger Global in 2013, was also senior vice president, retail. His last day at Flipkart is November 15 and he is expected to rejoin Tiger Global, a source said.

FM to meet CBEC officials to review revenue mop-upPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:13 am
Amid contracting industrial production and moderation in revenue mop up from the indirect taxes, finance minister Arun Jaitley is scheduled to meet top officials from the central board of excise and customs (CBEC) later this week to review the revenue mop up so far.
According to official sources, the meeting, to be held on November 8, will be attended by principal chief commissioners, chief commissioners, director generals and principal direct generals along with members of the CBEC to “assess the situation and work out strategies to meet the budgetary target”.
The concerns about expected shortfall arise from the fact that the collection from indirect taxes comprising customs, excise duty and services tax, grew only 5 per cent during the April-September period of 2014-15.
While the mop up from the customs grew only 5.5 per cent during the six-month period, the collection from excise duty contracted 0.6 per cent during the April-September period. The growth in the customs is against the asking rate of 17.3 per cent while that in the excise duty is against 21.8 per cent, according to the Budget 2014-15.
The decline in excise duty collection has been on account of a poor show by the index of industrial production (IIP). The IIP, the barometer of country’s output, remained flat at just 0.4 per cent in August.

Services  NBFCs drag down credit growthPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:11 am
Growth in non-food bank credit plunged to 8.6 per cent in September 2014 — the lowest growth since 2001 — as compared with the increase of 18.2 per cent in September 2013, the Reserve Bank of India said on Monday.
According to the RBI, credit to industry increased by 6.0 per cent in September 2014 as compared with the increase of 17.6 per cent in September 2013. “Deceleration in credit growth to industry was observed in major sub-sectors, barring construction, glass and glassware, beverages and tobacco and mining and quarrying,” the RBI said in its report on sectoral depoloyment of bank credit.
Credit to the services sector increased by 5.3 per cent in September 2014 as compared with the increase of 22.1 per cent in September 2013. Credit to NBFCs decreased by 4.4 per cent in September 2014 as against an increase of 26.6 per cent in September 2013. Personal loans increased by 13.0 per cent in September 2014 as compared with the increase of 17.9 per cent in September 2013. However, credit to agriculture and allied activities increased by 18.8 per cent in September 2014, up from 13.2 per cent in September 2013.
With credit growth falling well below deposit growth in August and September, structural sources of liquidity pressures also eased.
The average recourse to liquidity from the RBI, measured by daily net liquidity injection through LAF, term repo and MSF, decreased from Rs 87,000 crore in July to Rs 79,500 crore during August and further to Rs 45,000 crore during September.
On deceleration in non-food credit growth, the RBI said this is partly on account of a high base — monetary tightening to curb the exchange market pressures in July-September last year raised interest rates on alternative sources of funds and pushed up the demand for credit from the banking system.

PMG to meet top ministry officials over CIL minesPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:08 am
Seeking to fast-track coal exploration, a government sponsored empowered group is likely to deliberate this week on ironing out the bottlenecks that are impeding output from 60 mines of Coal India, which entail an investment of nearly Rs 47,000 crore.
The project monitoring group (PMG) under cabinet secretary Ajit Seth will meet top officials from coal, power, mines and environment ministries to deliberate on the reasons for these mines remaining non-functional despite being situated in hospitable terrain. A senior coal ministry official said on Monday that the cases of 34 projects entailing investment of Rs 33,000 crore had already been taken up with the PMG in the first week of October and 26 more coal projects has been added to the list which entail investment of another Rs 14,000 crore.
The mood in the coal ministry is upbeat as Anil Swaroop, who had been heading the PMG till recently has taken over as the new coal secretary from November 1. Senior officials from coal and environment ministries have met several times in the past two months to have preliminary rounds of talks on resolving green issues hurdling exploration of these mines. Though clearances of all coal projects is unlikely at one go, the coal ministry is insisting on faster clearances.
Besides forest and environment clearances, issues like lack of clarity in gram sabha hearings and traditional problems in acquisition of coal-bearing areas continue to dog the coal sector. The government has promulgated an ordinance last month to acquire land of the cancelled coal blocks for auctioning them to prospecting bidders, but Coal India’s mines are reportedly out of the ordinance’s purview.

From Apple and Samsung to HTC  the flagship reinvents itselfE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Firefox comes to India with new visionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi  Shah favoured stand to not form govt in Delhi: BJP | Fresh polls on the cardsAAP
(It was PM Modi and Amit Shah's…)
NEW DELHI: It was Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah's decision to reject the possibility of government formation in Delhi as the party does not have the requisite numbers and their city unit chief Satish Upadhyay was asked to convey the same to the Lt Governor.
The decision was taken by the BJP top brass after consultations even as there was speculation that it could go ahead with government formation by obtaining the support of some Independent MLAs, amongst others.
Sources said that the BJP brass was convinced that since it does not have the numbers to form a stable government, it would be best to reject the offer of forming one.
Buoyed by BJP's recent successes in Maharashtra and Haryana, party leaders felt that seeking a fresh mandate was the best option in Delhi as it believes in playing clean politics and not indulging in any kind of "cheap" tactics and horse-trading.
"We do not believe in cheap politics. We do not have the numbers to form a government in Delhi. We will go by the decision of the LG and hope to form a government with a full majority," said BJP's national secretary Shrikant Sharma.
Delhi tonight appeared headed for Assembly polls after BJP, AAP and Congress told Lt Governor Najeeb Jung that they were not for the formation of a new government here while seeking a fresh mandate for ending the eight-month-long political uncertainty in the national capital.
Indications are that Jung, who met leaders of the three political parties, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the Assembly any time.
Sharma claimed that the party has not changed its stand on government formation ever since the Assembly polls last year.
He recalled that when the LG had invited BJP to form the government after the Assembly polls, the party had rejected the offer on the grounds that it did not have the numbers.
"Our stand continues to be the same which it was after the Assembly polls," he said, adding that, as and when the polls are held, BJP will form a government on its own to provide good and effective governance in Delhi.
He said it was after BJP rejected the LG's offer that AAP's Arvind Kejriwal formed an "unstable 49-day government" with the help of Congress, whom it had been attacking ahead of the polls for being corrupt.
"Kejriwal ran away from Delhi leaving a vacuum in the capital, after which President's Rule was imposed," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FBI warns against against homegrown terror t...US faces an increasing number of homegrown violent extremists: FBI
By AFP | 4 Nov, 2014, 12.48AM IST
0
Share More
FBI director James Comey said the danger was witnessed "in a very real way" by attacks that killed two soldiers in Canada in recent weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The US faces an increasing number of homegrown violent extremists radicalized online and inspired by jihadists in Syria to carry out acts of violence, the FBI warned today.
Federal Bureau of Investigation director James Comey said the danger was witnessed "in a very real way" by attacks that killed two soldiers in Canada in recent weeks.
In a speech in New York, Comey said tracking down those inspired by the so-called Islamic State group in Syria was "extremely difficult and something we spend every single day working on."
The risk is nationwide and is represented by people of all ages, different ethnic backgrounds and all walks of life, he told a conference on counter-terrorism at Fordham Law School.
"It's a problem wherever there are troubled souls with access to the Internet and that is everywhere in this great country of ours."
Without meeting a member of Al-Qaeda, they are radicalized by online propaganda and are "equipped to engage in their jihad without ever actually leaving their basement or bedroom," he said.
"(They) can get all they need on the Internet to engage in an act of violence here in the United States," he said, urging Americans to report any suspicious change of behavior they may notice.
"Given the complexity of the threats we face, the diversity of the forces overseas and the explosion of opportunities for homegrown violent extremists our safety has to be a collective effort."
"If you don't say something, we all may regret it that you didn't listen to the hair on the back of your neck," he said.
Comey has estimated that about a dozen Americans are fighting with terror organizations.
"We track them very carefully if they're coming back to the United States. If I have evidence that you have fought with any of these foreign terrorist organizations you will be locked up," he said.
The FBI director also warned again that moves from Apple and Google to encrypt all customers' data would make it harder to track down those using social media to plot terror attacks.
"There should be no one in the United States above the law and... also no places within the United States that are beyond the law," he said, calling for greater debate on liberty and security.

Gold hovers near 4-year low as crude dropsGold hovers near 4-year low as crude drops, dollar rallies
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 02.05AM IST
0
Share More
An unexpected acceleration of US manufacturing activity in October deepened market speculation the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates sooner than expected.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK/LONDON: Gold fell on Monday, hovering near a four-year low, as the combination of tumbling crude oil prices and a US dollar rally extended gold's losses to a fourth consecutive session.
Bullion's near-term price outlook remains vulnerable after spot gold broke below $1,180 an ounce, a level bullion had held twice during its last two major sell-offs in June and December last year, analysts said.
An unexpected acceleration of U.S. manufacturing activity in October deepened market speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve will raise interest rates sooner than expected.
"The prospect of firmer rates, coupled with our expectation for a stronger dollar, present significant headwinds for gold," said Suki Cooper, precious metals analyst at Barclays Capital.
"In the near term, physical buying is likely to offer some support on the downside," Cooper said.
U.S. coin dealers reported a surge in gold and silver coin demand by retail investors on Friday, when gold slid 3 percent to $1,161.25, its lowest since 2010.
Spot gold was down 0.5 percent to $1,168.60 an ounce by 2:40 p.m. EST (1940 GMT), having earlier fallen to as low as $1,161.70.
U.S. COMEX gold futures for December delivery settled down $1.80 an ounce at $1,169.80, with volume in line to finish at their 30-day average, preliminary Reuters data showed.
Gold was under heavy pressure as U.S. crude oil futures tumbled nearly 3 percent to around $78 a barrel, their lowest since June 2010, and the dollar index rose to a four-year high.
"If anything, you might have expected gold to have fallen further, given the perfect storm of events that are negative for the gold price," Capital Economics analyst Caroline Bain said.
Bain said that there is minimal safe-haven demand at the moment due to strong economic growth, a dollar rally and expectations the Fed could raise interest rates soon.
Friday's drop in prices did little to spark interest among normally price-sensitive Asian buyers of physical metal, dealers said. In China, the world's biggest buyer of gold, local prices slipped to a discount to the global benchmark.
Outflows from SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, accelerated in October, with holdings of the fund now at a six-year low.
Among other precious metals, silver was down 0.3 percent at $16.10 an ounce.
Platinum group metals rose after U.S. automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
Spot platinum was up 0.6 percent to $1,236 an ounce and spot palladium was up 1.3 percent to $798.50 an ounce.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

400 foreign investors to attend India Econom...You are here: Home > Collections > Wef
More than 400 foreign investors to attend World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit
ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 01.17AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
("We will be seeing such a…)
NEW DELHI: Defence and finance minister Arun Jaitley will launch the World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit on Wednesday, with a little over 400 foreign investors in attendance, according to the organizers, who said this would be the highest number in recent years. The summit is returning to India after a one-year gap. Jaitley will also hold a closed-door meeting with 25 global CEOs at the summit.
"We will be seeing such a strong investor group after a long time as there is a phenomenal change in sentiment about India in recent months," said Chandrajit Banerjee , director general of the Confederation of Indian Industry, or CII, which is jointly organising the summit in an equal partnership with the WEF. "It is important that we take advantage of the opportunity and make a good impression."
A number of Union ministers will interact with foreign and Indian investors at the summit, the first such event after the Narendra Modi government came to power. They include Nitin Gadkari , minister of road transport, shipping and rural development; Ravi Shankar Prasad, minister of telecom and law; Piyush Goyal, minister of coal, power and renewable energy; Nirmala Sitharaman , minister of commerce and industry; and, Smriti Irani , the human resources development minister.
"India's progress depends fundamentally on the ability of its leaders to take bold decisions," said Viraj Mehta, director at the World Economic Forum , in charge of India and South Asia. "By bringing together leaders from politics, business and society, we hope the summit will offer an environment where such decisions can be catalysed," he said.
The theme for this year's summit is, 'Redefining Public-Private Cooperation for a New Beginning'.
Banerjee of CII said, "It is a fact that PPPs, or public-private partnerships, have failed to deliver intended outcomes in India. Yet, it is imperative that we find a workable model as PPPs will play a role in building hard and soft infrastructure as well as implementing the government's thrust areas such as Swachh Bharat and Digital India." He said the summit will also focus on the ease of doing business and innovation.
There will be 24 brainstorming sessions on themes aligned with the focus areas enunciated in PM Narendra Modi's speeches such as Digital India , Swachh Bharat, governance, transparency, climate change and gender equality. Sources said there are 700 leaders from business, civil society and government attending, with foreign delegates from 45 countries outnumbering domestic attendees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit offtake growth slows further in Septe...Credit offtake growth slows further in September on high lending rates
ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 07.13PM IST
Tags:
Banks
(Growth in retail loans ahead…)
KOLKATA: Growth in retail loans ahead of the festive season failed to lift the overall credit demand in September as bank lending rates remained sticky at higher levels with Reserve Bank of India continuing with its tight monetary policy.
Banks' non-food bank credit growth fell to single-digit at 8.6% in September 2014, slower than a 10.2% rise in August even as the demand for lowering of interest rates became louder with signs of softening of retail inflation expressed in terms of consumer price index. Non-food credit had grown 18.2% in September 2013.
The central bank said that credit to industry grew by a mere 6% in September, compared with 7.6% in the previous month and 17.6% in the year ago period.
"Deceleration in credit growth to industry was observed in major sub-sectors, barring construction, glass and glassware, beverages and tobacco and mining and quarrying," RBI said in a statement issued Monday.
The market is expecting RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to give signals for easier money flow in its December policy statement as CPI eases to 6.46% in September and falling global crude prices raises expectations for further easing of commodity prices.
According to RBI data, farm credit and personal loan segments were the brighter spots for credit market but these could not offset the overall gloom.
Farm loan growth for September was at 18.8%, as high as August's number and higher than September 2013's 13.2%. Personal loans grew by 13% in the month under review.
This was marginally higher than August's 12.8% but lower than 17.9% in the year ago period.
Credit to the services grew by 5.3% as compared with 22% growth in September 2013 but credit to NBFCs fell by 4.4% as against a 26.6% increase in September 2013.
RBI releases data on sectoral deployment of bank credit every month after collecting data from 47 scheduled commercial banks , accounting for about 95% of the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Swift  Datsun GO fail Global NCAP testMaruti Swift, Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety test
By ET Bureau | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.45AM IST
According to the Global NCAP, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Popular car models Maruti Suzuki Swift and Nissan Datsun Go failed the recently held independent impact tests, a global car safety watchdog has claimed.
Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing, conducted these tests and claimed that both these cars failed miserably on this critical safety count. It added that while India is now the fifth-largest producer of passenger cars, these tests prove the country should adopt internationally-accepted safety norms.
"India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry,but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they are in case of a crash. It is critical for the safety of the passenger. We are pleased that India is launching an NCAP consumer testing programme. If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags," Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said.
The Maruti Swift received a zero star rating in the 64 km/h frontal collision test. While the Datsun Go also failed, it fared slightly better with a two-star rating. The testing agency said that both the cars showed the crash-test dummies received near-fatal injuries,and the shells of their bodies disintegrated.
This comes in the wake of some Indian small cars—Tata Nano, Maruti Suzuki's Alto 800 and theHyundaii10—failed to clear Globa lNCAP's crash tests in January this year. Auto manufacturers, however, argued that cars sold here fully conform to all safety standards currently applicable in India. And it's the same with cars that are manufactured and exported from here.
Meanwhile, under the proposed new legislation on road safety, Road Transport and Safety Bill, the ministry of road transport and highways has called for setting up of an all-India NCAP and adoption of safety standards to make cars more safe and pave the way for adopting global crash safety norms.

Justice Mudgal report mentions bookie link of key player from India World Cup-winningsquadPrint
The report by Justice Mukul Mudgal has reportedly named one of India's WC-wining team member. (Source: Express File)
Written by Sandeep Dwivedi | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:46 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 2:08 pm
The Justice Mukul Mudgal committee’s final report, submitted to the Supreme Court on Monday , has reportedly named a key member of India’s World Cup-winning team and touched upon his links with illegal bookmakers and match fixers.
The player is not a Team India regular anymore but was a big draw for his team in IPL last year, the season that ended with the arrest of three Rajasthan Royals players and a Chennai Super Kings official, Gurunath Meiyappan, on match-fixing and betting charges. Interestingly, he wasn’t a part of the Chennai or Jaipur franchises — the two teams under the scanner.
During their probe, the investigators stumbled upon a three-year-old tape that hinted at a ‘fix’ that went wrong. B B Mishra, the IPS officer appointed by the SC to help the Mudgal panel, summoned the player and questioned him.
Several players from the current Indian team have appeared before the investigators. It is learnt that the CSK players were asked about the role Meiyappan, son-in-law of ICC chairman N Srinivasan, played in decision making at the franchise. The report is expected to nail Meiyappan as his voice sample from the audio tape , where he is heard placing bets on IPL games involving CSK, have been authenticated by forensic reports.
If the Mudgal report indicts certain individuals, the court will have to take a call on whether to wait for the police to complete its probe and file its chargesheet, or issue some other orders on an urgent basis. The committee also comprised Solicitor General L Nageshwara Rao, senior advocate Niloy Duta, B B Mishra and ex-India captain Sourav Ganguly.
Numbers conceal identity
To maintain secrecy and avoid leaks, the Justice Mukul Mudgal committee’s final report has avoided taking any names. Instead, those probed by the panel are referred to by numbers. The key, which lists the names next to the corresponding numbers assigned to them, will only be given to the required judges.

Expand BRICS into BRICKS: KaushikBasuBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:28 am
The five-member block of emerging economies, BRICS, should consider drawing Kenya into its fold to become ‘BRICKS’, World Bank’s chief economist and India’s former chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu has said.
Originally this grouping was known as BRIC, after global financial giant Goldman Sachs’ Jim O’Neill coined this term in 2001 for Brazil, Russia, India and China, for being the four most important emerging economies of the world.
“BRICS should think seriously of drawing Kenya into itsranks and correcting the annoying spelling mistake that it is,” Basu has tweeted.

RSS leader quizzed in mysterious deathcasePrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:27 am
The CID wing of Karnataka police Monday questioned senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh functionary Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat in connection with the mysterious death of the relative of a woman who had a brought a sexual assault case against Raghaveshwara Bharati, the head pontiff of Ramachandrapura Mutt.
Shyam Shastri, brother-in-law of the 47-year-old woman who was earlier a singer at the Mutt, allegedly committed suicide at his home in Kedila village near Puttur in Dakshina Kannada district two months ago.
Shastri died three days after the singer and her husband were arrested for allegedly threatening other singers with a troupe attached to the Ramachandrapura Mutt.
The CID on Monday questioned Bhat, the south India communications chief of the RSS, for nearly two hours after Shastri’s call details revealed that Bhat was one of the persons he spoke to on the day of his death.
Police sources said Bhat had accepted that he had spoken several times to Shastri before he was found dead, but had denied any role in the incident. Bhat also told the police that Shastri was his friend, police said.
The CID in Karnataka is investigating a series of sordid allegations and counter allegations involving the chief pontiff of Ramachandrapura Mutt and his associates.

MNCs  industry bodies back Indias IPregimePrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:26 am
Multinational organisations including PepsiCo and industry associations like IPA, have come in favour of India’s intellectual property regime, which is being reviewed by the US administration.
In its submission to the US Trade Representative, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) said complaints against the Indian patent regime ought to be viewed in the light of the overall record.
Between January 2005 and 10 October 2014, India has granted 1,039 patents to domestic companies, while 3,575 patents have been granted to foreign firms, it said.
“We urge the USTR to take note of the global recognition of the attractiveness of India as destination of FDI, the willingness to engage in dialogue to remove impediments to FDI, the making of IP policy and its implementation and evolving jurisprudence; to recognize the concerted efforts being made to improve the functioning of the Indian Patent Office,” it added.

Gold slips as $ strengthens on improving USeconomyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:24 am
The strengthening of dollar amidst the US Federal Reserve projecting a better prospect for the US economy, worsened the prospects of already declining gold. The price of yellow metal continued its downslide and gold standard in Mumbai fell below the Rs 26,000 mark on Monday to end at Rs 25,985 per 10 grams.
While the prices rose around Diwali, they dropped again following weakness in demand and profit booking along with the weak global sentiment.
“The weakness in gold continues. With an improvement in macroeconomic situation in US and strengthening dollar, the demand for safe havens have declined and that is what gold is witnessing. The prices are expected to remain weak for the next few quarters,” said Kishore Narne, head, commodity & currency at Motilal Oswal Commodity.
Dollar has an inverse relationship with gold prices. On Monday, the dollar index rose further and was trading at 87.22 up by 0.35 per cent. US Fed’s move to end its quantitative easing programme has further led to a weakened the gold demand and thereby a correction in the prices.

After calling it off  Pak allows beating retreat atWagahEmpty stands on the Indian side of Attari-Wagah border on Monday, a day after the blast.
Written by Navjeevan Gopal | Attari | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:23 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:25 am
In a surprise move, Pakistan on Monday allowed the popular beating retreat ceremony at Wagah, a day after cancelling it following deadly terror attack near the International Border post.
Though there were no visitors on the Indian side, the BSF reciprocated and held a synchronised drill that was, however, a low-key affair as compared to the efforts by the Pakistan Rangers.
The Rangers conveyed to the BSF its decision to allow general public to view the flag-lowering ceremony at the border at around 4 pm — the time when visitors from the Indian side usually start pouring in. It informed the decision to the BSF at a commandant-level meeting.
The Pakistan Rangers allowed visitors into their pavilion and used loudspeakers to issue commands to the guards. Earlier, India had said that at the request of the Pakistan Rangers, there would be no beating retreat ceremony at the Wagah Border for three days from Monday.
Later, BSF IG (Punjab Frontier) Ashok Kumar said the retreat ceremony would be held as usual from Tuesday. “Unki koyi majboorian rahi hongi (They might have some compulsions),” the official said, maintaining that the Rangers should have informed the BSF well in advance if they were ready to hold the retreat ceremony.
As it was earlier decided that there would be no retreat ceremony for three days, the BSF had turned away the Indian visitors well over one kilometre away from the Joint Check Post. The electrifying ceremony starts with a blustering parade by the soldiers from both the sides, and ends up in the perfectly coordinated lowering of the two nations’ flags.
Meanwhile, security was beefed up by adding another tier over a kilometre from the main entrance to the Parade Avenue. The friendship buses were subjected to tighter security checks after crossing over to India earlier in the day with sniffer dogs being pressed into action and passengers being frisked.

CFO leaves Flipkart  Bansals roleexpandedBy: Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:16 am
In significant top management level changes at Flipkart, interim CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy is leaving the firm and Fashion Head Mukesh Bansal will now be the marketing chief of the home grown e-commerce major.
Flipkart Vice-President (Marketplace) Ankit Nagori’s role has also been expanded and he will now be responsible for books and general merchandise categories as well.
Krishnamurthy, who joined the Bangalore-based firm from investment company Tiger Global in 2013, was also senior vice president, retail. His last day at Flipkart is November 15 and he is expected to rejoin Tiger Global, a source said.

Rate-sensitive sectors like capital goods  banking outperform on rate cutAnand Rathi Securities
(BSE’s Capital Goods Index…)
MUMBAI: Expectations that an interest rate cut may come as early as December along with signs of an improvement in the economy are powering stocks from rate-sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banking and electricity.
BSE's Capital Goods Index has rallied 12.5 per cent over the past month, while the BSE Bankex has surged 11.21 per cent and BSE Power Index 10.2 per cent, easily outpacing the benchmark Sensex that returned 4.8 per cent.
Investment managers say the ratesensitives are likely to continue outperforming the market, as expectations are building up for interest rates to come down, backed by strong economic reforms by the government.
Vinay Khattar, head of research, individual clients, at Edelweiss Financial Services , said he expects the trend to carry on, as yield on the benchmark 10-year bond has fallen to a 13-month low, "which indicates that the Reserve Bank of India will cut interest rates sooner than later". Interest rates and bond yields move in the same directions.
"In the capital goods space, our top pick is L&T. Within the banking sector, we are bullish on ICICI Bank and Yes Bank, and are positive on power finance companies such as PFC an-REC," Khattar said.
Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank and Bank of India have outperformed the BSE Bankex, as these stocks have gained 20-22 per cent on expectations that their nonperforming assets, too, would come down significantly in the days ahead.
Among capital goods stocks, L&T and BHEL have rallied 15 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, in the past month, as these companies have started to witness resumption of new order flows, confirming the action picking up on ground. In the power sector, Torrent Power, GMR Infra, Tata Power and JSW Energy have gained between 15 per cent and 24 per cent, on expectations that economic reforms will boost recovery of this sector. RBI's efforts to control inflation have also added to the market sentiment.
Expectations for a rate cut are supported also by the fall in global crude prices, which have become more than a quarter cheaper since June. In the derivatives segment, capital goods and banking stocks have witnessed addition of fresh long positions.
"We have seen fresh build-up of long positions in capital goods stocks such as L&T, BHEL, Havells, and Seimens and we expect these stocks to rally another 8-10 per cent in the November series," said Chandan Taparia, derivatives and technical analyst at Anand Rathi Securities . "We also expect banking stocks to outperform the markets and anticipate stocks such as HDFC Bank, Yes Bank and IndusInd Bank to rally another 8-10 per cent in the current series.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Two HSBC directors to quit over new rulesTwo HSBC directors quit in protest over new conduct rules
By Martin Arnold, Sam Fleming and Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a237eb26-4e12-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC / Glencore / BankingA paper tiger scares HSBC bosses
By Jonathan Guthrie
Even so, bank and its directors are right to make a stand
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/381983e4-4e12-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India warns Pakistan over Kashmir clashesIndia warns Pakistan over Kashmir clashes
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f95e3d8-4f8b-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Talks to end HK protests make little progressTalks to end HK protests make little progress
Josh Noble and Julie Zhu in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84084b8e-5928-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis spectre looms over PakistanSpectre of Isis looms over Pakistan
Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95c758ce-5e50-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South Korea: Sparks fly over the chaebol© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d84d488-5f90-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banker charged after Hong Kong murdersBritish banker charged after two women found murdered in Hong Kong
Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df04175e-62b8-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo crashwww.cbc.ca/news/world/virgin-galactic-
spaceshiptwo-crash...
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson vowed Saturday to find out what caused the crash of his prototype space tourism craft that killed one of two test pilots.

Tortoise Bihar seized_seized-406472/...    Cached
IANS. Patna, Dec 18: A man was arrested in Bihar for smuggling nearly 1,100 tortoises from Gaya district, a police officer said on Wednesday. "Seventeen sacks full of ...
Also Try

Hrithik Roshan divorcehrithik-roshan...    Cached
Is Hrithik Roshan really getting divorced from wife Sussanne Roshan? - We wonder, cos we hear that the Krrish 3 superhero is said to be moving out of his family home ...

Kia Motors blames slowdown on strong wonKia Motors blames strong won for earnings slowdown
Simon Mundy - Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a63780c-5b51-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With and without the SenaUpdated: November 3, 2014 00:50 IST
With and without the Sena
election
Two steps forward, one step back. The Shiv Sena’s post-election process of rapprochement with the Bharatiya Janata Party is not only slow, but is also getting to be painful for both sides. After Sena pramukh Uddhav Thackeray was persuaded to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis as the BJP’s first Chief Minister in Maharashtra, the two parties were expected to conclude a power-sharing agreement quickly. But the Sena was unwilling to give up its claim for the deputy chief ministership; it not only wanted at least a third of the ministerial berths, but also key portfolios. Actually, much more than the composition of a coalition ministry is at stake: the two former allies are trying to redefine the terms of their political engagement at every stage of the negotiations. Following the bitter parting of ways over seat sharing prior to the election, the BJP and the Sena are fighting for the same political space. Any political concession could have consequences beyond the number of ministers and the nature of portfolios. With the Sena winning 63 seats to the BJP’s 122, the 1:2 ratio for ministerial berths suggested itself. But the deputy chief ministership, which is of great symbolic value, and key portfolios such as home, finance and urban development, are still sticking points. The Sena clearly wants to use its share in power to expand its political clout. Mr. Thackeray knows the BJP outmanoeuvred him during the seat-sharing negotiations and the break that followed, but he is not ready to play the role of a junior partner for all time to come. The power-sharing, if it happens, will only be part of a strategic retreat before the Sena seeks to establish itself as the dominant political player in Maharashtra.
For the BJP, keen as it is to leave its own stamp on the government, giving in to all of the Sena’s demands would amount to surrendering some of the gains it made by contesting the election on its own. Of course, the party has the luxury of the “unconditional support” offered by the Nationalist Congress Party. But beyond using this offer of support to pressure the Sena further, the BJP would not want too close a relationship with the Pawars. The NCP, accused of scams during its years in power, was one of the targets of attack for the BJP during the campaign. That only a core team of the BJP took oath, and that Mr. Fadnavis retained a large number of portfolios, including home, urban development, housing and health, are indications of the national party’s readiness to keep the doors open for the Sena. Whatever the party decides, it will be doing so with the full knowledge that life with the Sena will be as difficult as life without the Sena.

Spirited 10-man Manchester United lose out in derbyManchester United's Wayne Rooney (R) reacts after their English Premier League …
By Steve Tongue
LONDON (Reuters) - Manchester United's belated resistance proved in vain when they were beaten 1-0 away to Premier League champions Manchester City in Louis van Gaal's first derby as manager.
The clubs' 151st league meeting was decided by a goal from Argentina's Sergio Aguero in the 63rd minute after United centre half Chris Smalling had been sent off in the first half for two yellow cards.
With Rafael Da Silva missing the game and Marcos Rojo forced off in the second half, a makeshift United defence comprising Antonio Valencia, Michael Carrick and teenagers Paddy McNair and Luke Shaw came under increasing pressure.
The surprise was that City were pushed back and suddenly looked edgy once they had scored.
In the end, City were pleased to hang on for a fourth successive league win over the neighbours -- the first time that has happened since 1970.
The other depressing historical note for Van Gaal was that he has now presided over United's worst start to a season since 1986, when Ron Atkinson was sacked and Alex Ferguson appointed.
The result left United in ninth place, with 13 points from 10 games and no away wins.
City meanwhile returned to within six points of leaders Chelsea, two behind second-placed Southampton.
Having lost Aleksandar Kolarov to injury in the warm-up -- Gael Clichy deputising -- City were slow to settle until midway through the first half when United's David De Gea had to make two fine saves in quick succession.
He thwarted Jesus Navas from barely six metres out and then saved from Aguero, both men needing treatment after their subsequent collision.
Smalling picked up his foolish first yellow card for raising his foot in attempting to block a clearance by City goalkeeper Joe Hart and seven minutes before halftime he clearly fouled James Milner and was dismissed.
United, who brought on Carrick for his first appearance of the season after a long injury, could have conceded two penalties in the last few minutes before the interval but referee Michael Oliver gave them the benefit of the doubt as City appealed for apparent fouls against Aguero by Marouane Fellaini and Yaya Toure by Rojo.
The visitors were then forced into another change, Rojo suffering a shoulder injury and having to be replaced by 19 year-old Northern Irish centre back McNair.
Ten minutes later Toure's pass sent Clichy to the byline and he cut the ball back for Aguero to hook in his 10th league goal of the season.
Forced to push forward, United finally threatened for almost the first time.
After 70 minutes, Joe Hart had to save at the near post from Robin van Persie and shortly afterwards he denied Angel Di Maria.
That followed a driving run by Wayne Rooney, back in the side after missing three matches through suspension, who had been adopting a deep-lying role even before the sending off.
Fellaini was then guilty of a bad miss, heading wide from close range in United's best spell of the game.
Sending on Edin Dzeko and Sami Nasri for Stevan Jovetic and Milner failed to give City any fresh impetus, although Navas did hit the outside of a post.
City were relieved to hear the final whistle as captain Vincent Kompany admitted in telling Sky Sports: "You miss a couple of chances and seem to lose a little control. They played well towards the end. But we stayed strong for a clean sheet and a good derby win."
(Reporting By Steve Tongue; Editing by Rex Gowar)
Recommend

Bomb kills 57 at Pakistan-India borderPakistan bomb attack at India border kills 57
Victor Mallet in New Delhi and Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e5194c4-6314-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British banker in court over HK murdersBritish banker Rurik Jutting in court over Hong Kong murders
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb54c7a6-6317-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK property prices continue to riseHK property prices continue to rise
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0efc1af2-6245-11e4-811b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leung regrets HK voting commentsCY Leung expresses ‘regret’ over Hong Kong voting comments
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68a539ce-5e73-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GAIL signs MoU with State Oil Company of Republic of AzerbaijanGAIL signs MoU with State Oil Company of Republic of Azerbaijan
All say no to govt  Delhi heads for freshpollsPrint
The National Capital Territory of Delhi is a Union Territory administered through a lieutenant governor (LG).
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:03 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 11:31 am
Delhi appears to be headed for assembly elections with the BJP declining Lt Governor Najeeb Jung’s invitation to form the government, and both the Congress and AAP favouring immediate polls to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
Indications are that Jung, who met leaders of the three political parties — Satish Upadhyay and Jagdish Mukhi of BJP, Haroon Yusuf of Congress and AAP’s Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia — on Monday, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the assembly any time. “All the above parties expressed their inability to form the government. The Lt Governor would be sending his report to the Hon’ble President,” a Raj Niwas release said.
The LG held consultations in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government. The court was hearing AAP’s petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, which has been under suspended animation since February.
Sources in the BJP said the decision to decline Jung’s invitation to form the government was taken at a meeting of top central leaders of the party on Sunday. The party felt it should go for polls and cash in on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s popularity and the enthusiasm among its cadres following victories in the Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
The sources said Modi was in favour of polls and the RSS had also conveyed its view that the party should not form a government adopting any “unfair means”. Upadhyay said the BJP conveyed its stand to Jung.
Delhi BJP general secretary Ramesh Bidhuri said the party was confident of getting a clear mandate when elections are held. “We are confident of getting 47 seats. The people of Delhi have seen the AAP government and will not support it again,” he said.
Meanwhile, the AAP also welcomed the development saying “collective desire, will and vigilance of people have won over politics of immoral manipulations and unethical arrangements.”
“In last eight months, every effort was made to “buy” our MLAs. They withstood all pressures and lived up to people’s expectations. Salute to them,” Kejriwal tweeted. In another tweet, he said, “Finally…congratulations to the people of Delhi.”
The Congress reiterated its demand for holding the Delhi polls with the elections in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
Currently, the BJP, along with ally Akali Dal’s lone MLA, has 29 legislators and would require the support of five more MLAs to prove majority in the 67-member Assembly.
(Source: PTI inputs)

Why are so few people left-handedBy Rachel Feltman November 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
 
In most animals that can favor one hand (or paw) over the other, the population ends up split 50/50. But only around 10 percent of humans are left-handed -- so that's pretty weird.
It's Okay to Be Smart's Joe Hanson goes over some possible explanations in the above video.
Why do we favor one hand over the other in the first place? That's not clear, but most people think it's because of how our brains are structured. Human brains have two hemispheres, and generally speaking there are different brain regions devoted to different tasks .
Fine motor skills (aka hand use) take up a ton of brain power -- and so does language. So some believe that the brain might put language centers and hand control close together in the brain as a way of conserving energy. That would explain why most of us are right-handed: Most humans process language in their left hemisphere, and the left hemisphere tends to control the right side of the body. If the fine motor control centers were located there, it might mean more dexterity in the right hand.
But as Joe explains in his video, the theory isn't totally straightforward -- because most people who are left-handed have their speech centers on the left side, too. So the theory would explain why most of us are right-handed, but not why some of us go south paw.
We may not know the final answer on handedness yet, but our digits are definitely becoming less mysterious thanks to science. It was only a few months ago that scientists pinpointed the molecules that allow us to develop precisely five fingers in the womb.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Obama  Yellen discuss Wall St reform & global economic outlookBarack Obama, Janet Yellen discuss economy, global recovery
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.58AM IST
(The Obama-Yellen meeting…)
WASHINGTON: With the Federal Reserve's role in the U.S. economic recovery at a crossroads, Fed Chair Janet Yellen on Monday sat down with President Barack Obama in their first face-to-face meeting since she assumed her post in February. The White House said Yellen offered her perspective on the economy both at home and abroad.
The US central bank last week announced the end of its landmark bond-buying program, a form of economic stimulus largely credited with helping the recovery by increasing the supply of money to financial institutions and keeping long-term interest rates low.
Yellen now faces a key decision on when to raise short-term interest rates, which the Fed has kept at a record low near zero since December 2008. Many economists believe the first rate increase will not occur until June at the earliest although the Fed has maintained that it will be dependent on the performance of the economy, which has seen some strengthening in the job market.
The Fed is an independent institution and presidents insist they do not meddle in the central bank's monetary policy decisions. But faced with a politically divided Congress and the possibility of a Republican-led House and Senate following Tuesday's elections, Obama's own economic policies have faced resistance. That makes the Fed one of the most influential players in the nation's economic trajectory.
The meeting also comes a week ahead of Obama's Asia trip which includes a gathering in Australia of the Group of 20 largest economies. U.S. policy makers have been keeping a wary eye on the economic struggles overseas, particularly China where the economy has been slowing down and in Europe where the eurozone nations are in danger of a third recession in seven years.
``Obviously the Fed is an independent body,'' White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. ``They make their own policies, but there is an opportunity for the president and the chair of the Fed to have conversations. Those conversations, at least in the context of today, are focused on the long-term outlook for the American economy and even the longer-term impact of the global economy as well.''
Obama, who held periodic meetings with Ben Bernanke when he chaired the central bank, did see Yellen last month while meeting with financial regulators to review measures aimed at avoiding a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. Monday's meeting was their first meeting alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISIS  attempt to lure Muslim youth on top copsagendaThe agenda assumes significance following reports that some Indian Muslims may have joined ISIS to fight in Iraq and Syria.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 9:29 am
Top police officers will meet in Assam this month to discuss a problem that has worried security establishments across the world: the rise of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and al-Qaeda.
Both these groups, and their attempts to recruit Muslim youth, figure on the agenda of the annual two-day conference of police and paramilitary chiefs to be held on November 21-22 at Assam Administrative Staff College.
The agenda reveals that the officials — including Director Generals of Police and Inspector Generals of Police from all states and and heads of all central paramilitary forces — will discuss strategies to “counter Muslim radicalisation and attempt to attract radical Muslims to ISIS and Qaeda-tul-Jehad”.
They will discuss the implications, “both immediate and long term”, of the rise of ISIS, which controls large areas of Syria and Iraq, and its potential to attract disgruntled youth to its ranks.
The senior officers will also focus on the “developing situation” in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and its “implications on terrorism and (the) law and order scenario” in India.
The agenda assumes significance following reports that some Indian Muslims may have joined ISIS to fight in Iraq and Syria. Besides, India figures on the hitlists of ISIS and al Qaeda, with Osama bin Laden’s successor Ayman al Zawahiri announcing the formation of a separate branch to operate on the sub-continent.
The Af-Pak angle is also an important one with the US and other NATO troops initiating a phased withdrawal from the country, which experts say could leave a dangerous vacuum that will lead to a spike in militant activity in the Kashmir valley.

You can choose who distributes your power: bold proposal bypanelPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:56 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 5:08 am
In a radical reform in the country’s power sector, a high-level advisory panel appointed by the NDA government is ready with a proposal that envisages the advent of multiple suppliers in the loss-laden distribution side.
The elimination of the territorial distinction that exists among electricity distribution companies in each state is part of the blueprint, which envisages multiple supply licencees on the consumer-end being able to compete with each other as in the telecom sector, and the retail consumer having the option to migrate from one supplier to another.
The proposal is being readied by an advisory panel headed by former power minister Suresh Prabhu, who was instrumental in bringing the last round of tangible reforms in the sector a decade ago. The panel is in the final process of consultations before firming up a cabinet note.
“The government has decided to break up the monopoly of the distribution companies,” said an official involved in the exercise. Within 12 months of the proposed amendment to the Electricity Act 2003 becoming a law, discoms will be broken into a wire company and an intermediate supply company. Multiple supply licences will be issued to applicants by the state regulators (SERCs) over the next few months, even as a state-owned supply company will continue to supply electricity in the intervening period.
The distribution wire business would remain with the incumbent distribution company and the business of retail supply to consumers would be opened up to multiple players, mostly private. This will usher in competition in retail supply, providing choice to the consumers.
The most crucial aspect of the reform is that old PPAs (power purchase agreements) would be distributed among the new supply licencees. This is fundamental to the success of the proposal, because the inherent advantage of cheaper electricity sources under PPAs signed in the past — power from newer projects tends to be more expensive while those from older projects is cheaper — has to be balanced out among supply licencees to ensure a level playing field for the new players.
The consumers would continue to be drawn to the state-owned supply company if it were to be vested with these PPAs, primarily as it would provide cheaper power. “The modalities of doing this are still being worked out,” said an officer involved in the exercise.
According to the plan, there is likely to be a nominal fee for getting supply licences, with auctioning unlikely to be the criterion for award of licences. To protect consumer interest, the SERCs will only prescribe a price cap, as done in the telecom sector initially.
While the proposal to segregate carriage and content was initiated during the UPA rule, the proposal to redistribute the old PPA basket is being seen as a contribution of the new advisory panel under Prabhu. The advantage of this is that it will entail private participation in the electricity supply business without any upfront privatisation of the infrastructure. There is unlikely to be immediate opposition from unions and the billing job will still be with the network continued…

Wagah Blast: Pakistani bomber s target was India  say Indian security expertsJaish-e-Mohammed
(Sources in the Indian security…)
NEW DELHI: The carnage at Wagah may have announced the arrival of the suicide bomber to the westernmost tip of Pakistan, deep inside "safe and secure" Punjab, but for India, it was a close call as the bomb exploded just a day before hundreds of Sikh pilgrims were to cross over from Amritsar to Lahore for Guru Nanak's birthday.
Nanak Dev's birthplace, Nankana Sahib near Lahore, is one of the holiest shrines of Sikhism, and despite the air of distrust between the two countries, Pakistan had gone out of its way to issue visas to the pilgrims.
Meanwhile, a day after the suicide bomber killed 59 and injured 200, Pakistani authorities said they were still ascertaining which group among the dozens of extremist outfits active inside the state would have carried out the act. While the Pakistani media speculated if the Wagah bombing marked the beginning of shifting of the theatre of terror from Pakistan's eastern border to the west, experts in New Delhi suspected the bomber may have India in mind before he detonated the 12 kg of explosives strapped to his vest.
Lashkar-e-Toiba , the group that carried out the 26/11 attack in Mumbai, Jaish-e-Mohammed led by militant cleric Maulana Masood Azhar , and the newly-formed South Asian affiliate of Al-Qaeda all are potential non-state actors preparing to operate along the Indo-Pak border.
Sources in the Indian security establishment told ET that the attack could have been a fallout of internal differences within the Pak establishment.
"That the attack occurred in such a high security zone points out that it could have been a fallout of schisms within the Pakistani apparatus. This section of the Pak establishment wanted to create further mistrust and rift between Delhi and Islamabad. It appears the target of the bomber was India with collateral damages across the border, but he exploded due to some miscalculation," a government source said.
The sound of the explosion was heard well 2 km inside the Indian territory. Sources said the aim of the attack was to vitiate the atmospherics between the two countries and Delhi does not rule out more such attacks in future. Its timing is also under the scanner coming close on the heels of Muharram celebrations on Tuesday. Sources said Hafiz Saeed-led Jamaat-ud-Dawa had taken this opportunity to provide relief to the injured of Sunday's attack with a view to gaining sympathy for the group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taxi services gift drivers with cashYou are here: Home > Collections
Taxi operators like Uber, Olacabs and others wooing drivers with cash, consumer durables
Harsimran Julka, Madhav Chanchani & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 08.22AM IST
Tags:
iPhone
(Taxi aggregators and operators…)
MUMBAI|BENGALURU|NEW DELHI: This Diwali, Delhi cab driver Shyam Kumar was spoilt for choices as two taxi companies he works for offered gifts ranging from LCD TVs and iPhones to scholarship for his child.
Taxi aggregators and operators are wooing drivers with rewards ranging from cash to consumer durables as well as subsidies and support to purchase cars, even as they scale up in a hyper-competitive market where ready availability of cabs is the most important factor that influences customer decision. As supply doesn't match increasing demand, keeping the drivers happy is key to the success of these companies.
"Nothing drives an entrepreneur more than rewards," said Anand Subramaniam, director for marketing communications at Olacabs.
Olacabs last week received $210 million (Rs 1,290 crore) of funding from Japan's Softbank . His company has helped drivers buy cars and become entrepreneurs themselves. "We have had occasions when 100 cars were sold in one day. Drivers with best ratings get LCD TVs and washing machines."
Half a dozen taxi-services companies — both online aggregators and operators such as Uber, Ola, Meru Cabs and Taxi-ForSure — are looking to increase the supply of cabs in India's metros. India has an estimated 5.5 lakh commercial cabs for its 10 large cities, which have a combined population of about 6 crore.
Taxi startups are flush with funds while established operators like Meru are planning to raise capital to take on the onslaught from the new players. Both are struggling with a shortage of commercial cab drivers.
"The biggest challenge for the industry (radio and online cab aggregators) is to balance demand and supply," said Jaspal Singh, Valoriser Consultants. "In order to build supply, the companies are recruiting tourist taxi operators and also work as guarantor for the financing of vehicles to new drivers."
Rewards help too, because they encourage a driver like Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, to keep working for a particular operator or someone else to join the network.
Online aggregator Uber offered LCD TVs and iPhones through lotteries and bonus money per trip for plying in the festive week. Meru offered scholarship and a Rs 50 reward for each good customer review.
In Mumbai, Olacabs is doling out Rs 1,000 to every Black-Yellow cab driver for the first week regardless of the number of rides they do. The caveat is that driver cannot refuse a ride whenever summoned.
"This is a network effect marketplace and the entire name of the game is scale," said Tarun Davda, director of Matrix Partners which has backed Olacabs. "The company which scales the most by adding more drivers and passengers will eventually win."
In Bengaluru, Uber is offering a bonus of Rs 300 to drivers to take three rides during peak hours. If a driver logs in 84 hours a week, he gets at least Rs 15,000 plus waiver on the commission that he needs to pay Uber. "Just the overall benefits and incentives itself takes care of the fuel costs," said Yashwanth, a Bengaluru-based full-time Uber driver. "Everything that I earn from my trips goes into savings." Uber declined to comment.
It's not only the login hours but also the customer experience that these aggregators are rewarding drivers for. Driver with high star ratings on Ola, TaxiFor-Sure and Uber get monetary rewards.
"Each customer review is priced at a certain amount. When it reaches a certain threshold at the end of the month we reward them with things like microwave ovens or petro cards," said Aprameya Radhakrishna, CEO of TaxiForSure.
Bengaluru-based TaxiForSure reduced its base fare for users to just Rs 49 when others such as Ola and Uber charge aroundRs 100. "In the current scheme of Rs 49 per 4 km, we have been subsidising the rides. We also subsidise the ride for a driver and give them Rs 5 per km extra if they have to ply long distance to grab a booking," Radhakrishna added.
Meru, the nation's largest taxi operator with about 10,000 cabs across 12 cities, says it is against offering subsidies and cash rewards.
"We believe that if you give cash rewards to drivers for doing something very basic then you are creating a culture where such expectations increase," said Siddharth Pahwa of Meru, which provides accident insurance and scholarship to drivers' children. "We do not want to create a subsidy culture in this industry."
The biggest friction point for online cab aggregators, experts say, is bringing drivers on the platform because you have to get them used to a commission model compared with a fixed salary which they were used to. But when they get used to it, some drivers prefer to work for the online aggregators. Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, said he prefers logging on to Uber app, as it gives him freedom to take offs whenever he wants to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Many blue-chip stocks yet to reclaim their 2008-10 peaksMany blue-chip stocks yet to reclaim their 2008-10 peaks
Time ripe for a rate cutTime ripe for a rate cut
Ahead of tough election  White House blames dismay with WashingtonAhead of tough election  White House blames dismay with Washington
Kiev claims widespread voter fraud in rebel electionKiev claims widespread voter fraud in rebel election
As Virgin Galactic crash being probed  Branson confidentAs Virgin Galactic crash being probed  Branson confident
Tidewater Reports Second Quarter Results For Fiscal 2015Tidewater Reports Second Quarter Results For Fiscal 2015
Arun Jaitley s new Budget team takes chargeArun Jaitley s new Budget team takes charge
Bank of India clocks 26% increase in net profitBank of India clocks 26% increase in net profit
Bad asset relief pleaBad asset relief plea
Greek bond yields jump back above 7%Greece bond yields jump back above 7%
Kerin Hope in Athens, Elaine Moore in London and Peter Spiegel in Luxembourg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d83d0198-53bc-11e4-80db-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Just Eat reports healthy third quarter© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ee4840e-632a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G.K. Vasan quits Congress  floats new partyVasan rebels, floats new party
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014
Print
Chennai, Nov 3 (IANS) The Congress in Tamil Nadu split Monday with senior leader G.K. Vasan announcing his decision to float a new party.
"The people are looking for an alternative. We want to give an alternative in Tamil Nadu," Vasan told reporters.
He said the new party's name and flag will be announced at the party's conference to be held in Trichy this month.
"Steps will be taken to register the party with the Election Commission," he said.
Several leaders of the Tamil Nadu Congress party like Peter Alphonse, B.S. Gnanadesikan and others have joined Vasan.
Vasan said the All India Congress Committee did not act as per "our expectations" so that a Congress government could be formed in the state.
He said for 48 years the Congress party is not in power in the state and the party has a vote share of more than five percent in the state.
"We will give preference to the problems faced by the state," Vasan said about the party's focus.
He said the party would follow the path laid by late Congress leaders K. Kamaraj and G.K. Moopanar.
To a query, Vasan said he had campaigned for the party in all the 39 constituencies during the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Tamil Nadu Congress chief E.V.K.S. Elangovan, however, told reporters that the party will not be affected by Vasan's exit.
Recommend

Work in progress: Lavasa urbandevelopmentMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
IN INDIA, the buzz around ‘smart cities’ has grown after Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled his plan to have 100 such urban areas developed in the country. Yet, much before this buzz started, in 2003-04, work on planned and sustainable city development had kicked off in Lavasa—a brand-new hill city 216 km from Mumbai and 60 km from Pune.
Lavasa doesn’t have the official tag of a ‘smart city’ as yet. However, the almost four-hour drive from Mumbai to the hill destination set in the Sahyadri mountains along Warasgaon Lake offers a glimpse into the elements that could be part of an intelligent urban locality. The way Lavasa has been developed so far shows the way real estate development has been planned in the five towns that will together form Lavasa. Apartments and commercial establishments (shops, hotels, supermarkets, etc), which will house the maximum population density, have been constructed at the foothills, while, as
one moves up, construction
activity minimises.
Beyond the foothills are small-sized villas, while higher altitudes have larger villas. Well-paved roads, scenic promenade and unanimity in the design of buildings form part of the outer facade of the city. However, a lot has gone behind this, including mapping the terrain using the advanced GIS technology called ‘Lidar’, which is helping the city in planning, designing, construction, city management, operations and maintenance.
Lavasa is being developed as a private hill city by the Indian engineering and construction services firm, Hindustan Construction Company (HCC), under its arm, Lavasa Corporation. Close to R4,000 crore has already been invested in the city so far, as per people familiar with the developments. Lavasa Corporation is now waiting for a nod from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to come out with an initial public offering for raising R750 crore.
Back to the future
Ultimately, Lavasa is slated to have five towns—Dasve, Mugaon, Dhamanhol, Gadle and the conjoined twin towns of Sakhari-Wadavali spread over 12,500 acres. US-based HOK International has made the master plan for the city. Once fully developed, Lavasa plans to accommodate a permanent population of around 2.4 lakh, with facilities for approximately two million tourists per annum and an employment base of around 80,000.
Dasve, the first town, which is spread over 2,687 acres, is almost complete. One can see bright, multi-coloured buildings sporting an Italian look—apartment blocks called ‘Portofino’. There are 376 apartments offering studio, one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments, and 476 villas overlooking a 2km-long promenade and the lake.
The makers of Lavasa market it as a place that “brings a dash of Mediterranean elan… buzz that evokes the spirit of the Italian Riviera”. A majority of these houses are at the moment being used as holiday homes or for renting purposes for staffers who work in hotels and educational institutions in Dasve. Hospitality, tourism and education are the main drivers at the moment for the city, which has a resident population of just 1,000-1,500, with a large number of floating population in the form of tourists. As per a spokesperson in Lavasa, the tourist count from January to August this year stood at 5.64 lakh.
Construction in the second town of Mugaon, 6 km from Dasve, has also started. Mugaon, spread over 5,266 acres, is slated to have 300 apartments. Lavasa’s development has been based on the motto ‘Live, Work, Learn and Play’, a feature that most smart cities will aim for. Since one of the ideas behind smart cities is to decongest existing cities and town, it will be crucial for the planners to use—and create—new resources within the vicinity.
Each of the towns is slated to have its own social infrastructure in terms of schools, hospitals, power utility systems, water storage and treatment plants, garbage collection and sewage treatment plants. For this, the City Management Service (CMS), in-charge of maintaining and operating these facilities, will have its own revenue stream.
CMS is equivalent to a municipal corporation of a city, but with no powers to tax or financially penalise citizens. “I call it the quasi government because it provides some of the authority of a local government, but not all of it,” says Scot Wrighton, city manager of Lavasa and head of CMS. He says Lavasa is a special planning authority authorised by the Maharashtra Town Planning Act and has been given this specific charge by the Maharashtra town planning department. “It gives us the authority to develop and enforce the master plan, adopt building codes and development control regulations, and enforce them. But I have no taxation authority or police powers, or the powers to deal with vital statistics. I don’t record births and deaths,” he explains.
Wrighton operates out of a two-floor building called the Town Hall with a staff of about 250. Prior to joining Lavasa, Wrighton served local governments for 22 years in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri in the US, spending nearly 20 of those years as a city manager. He has been a member of the International City-County Management Association (ICMA), an association representing professionals in local government management, for nearly 30 years. Everyone in his Lavasa team, barring two, are from non-government backgrounds. Some are from the engineering field, while others are from the construction and hospitality sectors.
The functions of the CMS are those of a municipal office in any city, which is to address citizens’ grievances, look after public safety and provide and maintain infrastructure in terms of power, water, roads, administration and finance. Among the facilities, it has a 24×7 citizen call centre—a one-point touch for queries, information, complaints’ registry and their redressal.
Levying taxes are outside its purview unlike a local government body. So CMS charges city management services fees and common area maintenance fees, which go into paying for services—what taxes would do in a properly-run city—like the maintenance of roads, streetlights, garbage disposal and other things that do not have their own revenue streams, explains Wrighton.
“We actually monitor the quality of power received in Lavasa. Drinking water is purified in several stages and is fit to drink from the tap,” says Wrighton, who is all for the use of in-house innovations and efficient use of technology. He says the talk around smart cities today has become limited to the usage of technology to collect data, which helps in making policy decisions for the people. “We need to start with what our objectives are as a new urban area. Our objectives is to be a sustainable city. So as far as new technology is concerned, whether it is high-tech or low-tech, if it can help us meet those sustainability objectives, then we think that is what makes us smart. Having a lot of data that I can’t use or don’t need or which is irrelevant is a waste of resources,” he says.
On the path of innovation
As per Wrighton, a smart city is a community that has a strategic plan for the use of innovation to help it achieve its sustainability objectives. So the use of IT in Lavasa is limited to basic, triple-play services—voice, data and video—for now. With the aim to make it future-ready, the city’s planners felt the need for IT infrastructure, which would be useful for residents and visitors, and would, at the same time, also make it an e-governed city.
With this objective, an organisation called MyCity Technology has been created, which will start developing infrastructure and form solutions that would enable the city to grow into a smart urban destination. It is a joint venture between Lavasa and two IT giants, Wipro and CISCO. While Wipro is the system integrator in the project, CISCO’s solutions have been widely used in different projects. “When we say smart, it is smart living, smart automation, smart transportation… the list goes on, but all this has to gel with the ecology, as well as the economic activity of the city,” says Chandrashekhar Sathe, chief operating officer, MyCity Technology.
Ten years ago, Sathe says, the location where Lavasa is at the moment was just an isolated hilly area lacking even proper roads. Apart from physical infrastructure, IT and telecom connectivity were gap areas too. “No telecom operator was ready to come here,” Sathe recounts. “We laid our own optic-fibre cables from about 40 km distance. It is a big investment, but we did it so that other service providers—who were otherwise hesitant—could bring in their services,” he says.
There were telecom towers set up. But there was a need for high-data bandwidth. They used Gigabit Passive Optical Network (GPON) technology to convert that fibre optic into providing bandwidth. In Lavasa, Sathe says, there is only a single strand of fibre that goes to every premise. It is distributed with the help of a splitter. This ensures that not too many wires or cables are there in a house. It also eliminates the instances of different operators trying to set up their own facilities. “We have created the highway. Now, you can run a Maruti 800 on it or a Jaguar,” quips Sathe.
The fibre takes care of the video requirement in houses too. “You will not have so many umbrellas hanging over rooftops in Lavasa,” Sathe says, referring to the ubiquitous dish antennas. “You will also not have cables hanging from trees or buildings, making the area look shabby. In terms of the work done, laying of basic IT infrastructure in all residential and commercial premises has been completed in Dasve. There are four more towns where similar infrastructure will have to be laid. MyCity is working on developing mobile apps for residents and visitors, which will come into effective use once there is a critical mass staying in Lavasa, Sathe says.
The department is also looking at solutions for e-governance. “We are looking at solutions for generating unified utility bills for maintenance, water, electricity, etc. So if I get an e-bill, I can pay from wherever I am. Asset management, land record management… solutions for these are being looked at right from the beginning,” Sathe says. The other ‘smart city’ feature in the Lavasa project has been the original mapping and data capturing work overseen by Anirudha Kale, who heads the GIS/MIS department at Lavasa. Explaining how data capturing work started in Lavasa, he explains how Lidar technology of mapping has been used: laser beams are sent to the ground to capture data, which is accurate up to 50 cm, as against the traditional methods of remote sensing satellite images or total stationary methods, which deliver accuracy in metres. Lavasa, Kale says, is the first city in India to have adopted Lidar technology, which is considered a more precise system of data capturing, making detailing of project planning and execution more accurate.
The ride so far
The ride for Lavasa, however, has not been smooth. Apart from physical challenges that come with greenfield development of such a large nature, Lavasa has not remained free from controversies. In November 2010, the Union ministry of environment and forests issued a showcause notice to Lavasa Corporation inquiring why no clearances were taken by the company before the project started. It also ordered stop-work.
The project was later blamed for anomalies in procurement of land, for causing environmental damage and its promoters taking advantage of their political affiliations.
However, in a letter dated November 2011, the ministry of environment and forests gave a go-ahead to the project, albeit with riders. The environment ministry imposed a penalty on Lavasa for violation of environmental laws, which it said was ‘incontrovertible’. Lavasa was also asked to create an Environmental Restoration Fund (ERF) and formulate a comprehensive Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report and management plan. In response to FE’s written queries on the status of these conditions, a company spokesperson said over the phone, “As the matter is sub-judice, we will not be able to comment.”
Whether the Lavasa model will be followed for ‘smart city’ development is hard to say, but one thing is for sure: development of 100 smart cities will be a mammoth task for the government. As Adil Zaidi, director (infrastructure practice), Ernst & Young, puts it: “We have to tread carefully, as nowhere in the world any country has thought of developing 100 smart cities… planning for smart cities requires good understanding of the existing infrastructure system, which demands relatively accurate and integrated data, and competent planners and consultants having experience in developing smart cities. At present, we are not well-equipped on both aspects.” Ernst & Young does the sustainability report for Lavasa, although Zaidi’s comments were not related to any particular project.
Lavasa could establish many firsts for an Indian city, but it is still a work in progress.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Thursday selection could decide Sehwag s futureMore
'Aggressive opener in Australia a must'
On Tuesday, the Indian selectors will pick the squad for the four-Test series in Australia. The first question they would need to resolve is: who are the three first-choice openers?
By Nagraj Gollapudi | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014 6:12 PM IST
Tweet
0
On Tuesday, the Indian selectors will pick the squad for the four-Test series in Australia. The first question they would need to resolve is: who are the three first-choice openers? M Vijay is an automatic choice based on his form and solidity during India's tour of England. But there is no straightforward answer on who should walk in with him in Australia and even after the series. Should Shikhar Dhawan , despite his failures to adapt technically in England, be given the long rope? Or should the selectors turn the clock back and go with the experience of either Gautam Gambhir or Virender Sehwag ? Or should they take a bold step and instill a fresh face in the form of Karnataka's KL Rahul, the best domestic opener in the last year? ESPNcricinfo asked three experts: WV Raman (former Test opener), Pravin Amre (former India batsman and a successful domestic coach, currently with Mumbai) and Surendra Bhave (former national selector) to list and expand on their choices.
Who are your first-choice openers?
WV Raman: M Vijay and Shikhar Dhawan obviously would come first. KL Rahul based on current form and as somebody who has made a real mark for himself in the last year or so. Then there is Gautam Gambhir , someone who is trying to fight and stay on the radar. Those are the four you would be currently looking at because you would ideally go on current form.
Of these four, Vijay would be part of my first choice. Then Dhawan, because it is always an advantage to have a left-hander at the top of the order. He also complements Vijay, who has shown he can grind the bowling attack. Dhawan, meanwhile, likes to play his shots. They are similar in their approach to the previous pairing of Virender Sehwag and Gambhir.
Surendra Bhave: Viru [Sehwag] has to feature as one of the three openers, I strongly feel. During the IPL, he was in unbelievable touch. He really looked good and it would be important for him to perform in the Vijay Hazare trophy (domestic one-dayers). Shikhar failed badly in England so whether the selectors would go for a guy who is young, dynamic and keeps scoring runs in ODIs remains to be seen. My first-choice opener is Vijay. He is absolutely on the top. So my favourites are Vijay, Viru and Shikhar. An aggressive opener in Australia is a must.
Pravin Amre: The way Vijay has played in England, he is an automatic choice. In terms of temperament, he is in the best place. There will be some question marks over Shikhar based on his stint in England, but you cannot forget his form in the previous Test series in India.
End of the road for Sehwag?What about the third opener?
Raman: It depends on what the selectors actually are looking for. The present selection panel has shown, on quite a few occasions, that they are looking ahead even though they did pick Gambhir for the England tour. With Rahul piling pressure with runs in a big final like the Duleep Trophy, he is a strong contender. It will be a contest between Rahul and Gambhir because they have hit centuries in the Duleep Trophy.
In Gambhir's case, he was unfortunate as the rub of the green did not go his way in England. It is not easy for someone to comeback after a two-year lay-off and straightaway hit the straps. Also [in the two Tests he played against England] he was not getting a start and then getting out, he was quickly getting out. So in such a scenario it is difficult to assess what he can and cannot offer. But if you are talking about a tough tour, then you would consider Gambhir's mental toughness and experience into account. In the event that one of Vijay or Dhawan fails, what do you do? Do you include a fresh opener?
Now it remains to be seen whether the selectors go for experience, since it will be a long and tough tour of Australia, or whether they will opt for somebody who is young and in good form. The eventual decision would depend on which direction the selectors want to go.
Amre: I don't think the selectors and team management would be interested in shuffling Ajinkya Rahane 's number in the batting order. He has the potential to play the new ball. But, at his current position in the middle order, he has played a crucial role when the second new ball comes around and has proved recently that he can shepherd the lower order and that is a vital role. So as a worst-case scenario, he can be factored in.
Otherwise, Rahul could be a frontrunner. His century in each innings in the Duleep Trophy final, along with his performance in the last domestic season where he was a crucial element in Karnataka winning a treble as well as his finish of more than 1000 runs, puts him in a good position.
Bhave: If the selectors pick Viru as the second opener, then Shikhar is my third choice. But, in Test cricket, he is not a finished product. He is not a batsman who plays with soft hands and that landed him in trouble in England. But, on Australian pitches, it might possibly work. He has also got runs against Australia, even if it was in Mohali, in his debut Test. He is a player, just like Viru, who has the ability to have an impact immediately.
Is it time to groom someone young and new?
Amre: There are two: Rahul and Robin Uthappa . Robin, I mention not just because we have been working together for two years now. His century at Lahli in the Duleep Trophy semi-final was a good indication of his mental strength. He has shown controlled aggression in his batting in the recent past. Take Lahli, which was a challenging pitch. The opposition (East Zone) was out twice for below 100 whereas he scored 120 in the first innings. But for him to make the Test team as an opener I still feel it will depend on how he finishes the forthcoming Ranji Trophy.
The mindset of the selectors and the team think-tank remains to be seen. So many times they have shown they would like to play safe, especially in Australia, where they have backed experience rather than including a new talent in the past. But, in England, the same did not work in the case of Gambhir. I feel this is a perfect time to groom a new talent.
Raman: It is a tough call.
Is it end of the road for Sehwag and Gambhir?
Raman: It does look very slim for Sehwag to be considered. The selectors have not considered him for more than a year now. So if they do pick him, they would need to explain clearly what made them go for Sehwag.
Bhave: As I said, Viru is one of my three first-choice openers. He might have batted in the middle-order last year for Delhi but that does not really matter as he had even told the selection panel I was part of that he wanted to finish his career as a middle-order batsman. Given the circumstances right now, you need a compact batsman at one end and Vijay, a traditional opener, provides that solidity. Complementing him at the other end, I feel, should be Viru. He has been a game-changer and game-breaker in any form of cricket. His form his excellent: it is not only the big-bang shots he played in the IPL, he was scoring runs for fun. He was absolutely in total command. He has had his rough phase where lack of form and the eyesight put his position in doubt but the times he gave dazzling starts, India have won many of those matches.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Debate: Apple is first  risk-free  stockEMAIL
(Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
U.S. Treasuries used to be the choice of investors looking for a risk-free return. Apple’s (AAPL) taking over now, as the investment many investors figure can’t go wrong with.
And how can you blame them?
Talk about a stock with just about everything going for it. Investors who “invest in what they know” see packed Apple stores. Number crunchers point out Apple’s trailing P-E is 16.9 — which isn’t all that higher than the market’s valuation — and Apple is growing much faster. And then there’s that pile of $155 billion in cash and investments.
Shares are up again Monday by 1.6% to $109.65 — notching yet another all-time high.
How can you blame investors from thinking Apple is a “risk-free stock?” Some analysts even seem to agree. Even though Apple’s stock is up 37% this year and trading for nearly $110 a share to beat its $100 curse, analysts see it going even higher and have an average “outperform” rating.
“I like Apple’s balance sheet a little better than that of our government,” says Alex Gauna, analyst at JMP Securities. “It might not be risk free, but it has a bigger payout for the risk than anything I’ve seen out there.”
Apple’s stock has taken a risk-free-like quality because it wins no matter what direction the market shifts to. Apple shines during market pullbacks because investors are drawn to its strong balance sheet and stable consumer demand that doesn’t seem affected by its pricing. And when the market is looking for high-growth, Apple delivers there, too, Gauna says.
Here’s the problem. It’s when investors start thinking a stock can do no wrong, the stock starts to do wrong. Apple-mania reached a similar feverish pitch back in September 2012 when the stock drove to more than $100 a share for the first time. But a decrease in profit margins and greater competition ultimately knocked the stock down about 40% before it found its footing.
And talk about Apple’s perfection is making some analysts nervous.
“There have been tons of stocks that have been risk free … until they weren’t,” says Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest in an e-mailed response. “Anyone who suggests a stock investment is risk-free is either willingly ignorant or deceptive.”
Risks abound with Apple, Hargreaves says. Eventually, the market for smartphones will slow, which will be painful for Apple. And while Apple doesn’t seem to have much competition, that can quickly change. Don’t forget, too, that Apple is a hardware company and the multiple and stock price could fall if growth slows, he says. “Apple has risks, people just aren’t talking about them right now,” he says.
Investors might confuse Apple’s current product cycle — and figure that growth will last forever, says Mike Walkley, analyst at Canaccord Geniuity in an e-mailed response. Tech moves fast and winners fade. “Seven years ago, Nokia was in Apple’s position with more than half of the handset market profits and now it is out of the handset business,” he says.
Risks abound — right when investors figure there is none.
“Lots could go wrong. Once everyone decides nothing can go wrong, look out below,” says Jim Kelleher at Argus Research in an e-mailed response. “Don’t you remember the iPhone 5 launch when the stock went from $700 (not split-adjusted) to $400?”
Kelleher points out that the number of consumers on two-year wireless contracts in 2015 will be half of 2014’s level. And China could flop, he says.
Seeing individual investors figure they can’t go wrong with Apple is a sign that perhaps risks are being forgotten, which is exactly what puts a stock at risk. On being asked if Apple is risk free: “You asking me that question is like John D. Rockefeller’s shoeshine boy giving him a stock tip,” Kelleher says.

World Trade Center reopens for business  13 years after 9/11 attackYou are here: Home > Collections
World Trade Center reopens for business, 13 years after 9/11 attack
AP Nov 4, 2014, 02.10AM IST
Tags:
9/11 attack
(The resurrected World Trade…)
NEW YORK: Thirteen years after the 9/11 terrorist attack, the resurrected World Trade Center has opened for business _ marking an emotional milestone for both New Yorkers and the nation.
Some staffers of publishing giant Conde Nast began working at 1 World Trade Center on Monday. The 104-story, $3.9 billion skyscraper dominates the Manhattan skyline. The publishing giant becomes the first commercial tenant in America's tallest building.
It's the centerpiece of the 16-acre (6-hectare) site where the decimated twin towers once stood and where more than 2,700 people died on Sept. 11, 2001, buried under smoking mounds of fiery debris.
"The New York City skyline is whole again, as 1 World Trade Center takes its place in Lower Manhattan,'' said Patrick Foye , executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns both the building and the World Trade Center site.
The agency began moving into neighboring 4 World Trade Center last week.
He said 1 World Trade Center ''sets new standards of design, construction, prestige and sustainability; the opening of this iconic building is a major milestone in the transformation of Lower Manhattan into a thriving 24/7 neighborhood.''
With construction fences gone and boxes of office equipment in place, the company moved into what Foye called "the most secure office building in America.''
Prior to the move, Conde Nast addressed any issues employees might have had about moving into the tower. The architectural firm, T.J. Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, says it took extra measures to strengthen the steel-and-concrete structure. It says it is a much stronger structure than the twin towers.
Starting Monday, more than 170 employees moved into five of Conde Nast's 25 floors, the company said. By early 2015, about 3,000 more staffers will move in.
The building is 60 per cent leased, with another 80,000 square feet (7,432 square meters) going to the advertising firm Kids Creative, the stadium operator Legends Hospitality, the BMB Group investment adviser, and Servcorp, a provider of executive offices.
The government's General Services Administration signed up for 275,000 square feet (25,548 square meters), and the China Center, a trade and cultural facility, will cover 191,000 square feet (17,744 square meters).
The eight-year construction of the 1,776-foot (541-meter) high skyscraper came after years of political, financial and legal infighting that threatened to derail the project.
The bickering slowly died down as two other towers started going up on the southeast end of the site: the now completed 4 World Trade Center whose anchor tenant is the Port Authority, which started moving in last week, and 3 World Trade Center, which is slowly rising.
The area has prospered in recent years beyond anyone's imagination. About 60,000 more residents now live there _ three times more than before 9/11 _ keeping streets, restaurants and shops alive even after Wall Street and other offices close for the day.
Still, it's a bittersweet victory, one achieved with the past in mind as the architects created 1 World Trade Center.
T.J. Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill told The Associated Press that the high-rise was built with steel-reinforced concrete that makes it as terror attack-proof as possible.
He said the firm went beyond the city's existing building codes to achieve that.
"We did it, we finally did it,'' he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Indian philanthropists are silencing for...Indian philanthropic money into think-tanks silencing foreign funding question
Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.24AM IST
(The CGD, citing its considerable…)
Think-tanks are under scrutiny. In September, the Norwegian funding to a US think-tank—the Centre for Global Development (CGD), where India's chief economic advisor Arvind Subramanian was senior fellow prior to his recent appointment—resulted in a huge uproar.
The funding, allegedly, was to influence the trajectory of an American foreign aid programme. The CGD, citing its considerable work on reducing global poverty and inequality, maintained it would never be influenced by sources of funding. It added that details on its funders, and amounts, were on its website and that it had nothing to hide. The imbroglio has however re-opened the debate on foreign funding of think-tanks, on the need for funding transparency, on the buying of and peddling influence, on the thin line between think-tanks and lobbyists.
Colours Of Money
Indian philanthropists are aware of the risks of engaging with the knowledge-shaping process, but are clear it has to be done. Many believe that Indian think-tanks have to be funded by Indians and that the influx of foreign money into the thinking of a nationstate can be perilous.
"Who is funding, and why, becomes critical, especially while engaging on decisionmaking related to sovereign functions of a state," says Nitin Pai, co-founder of The Takshashila Institution, a relatively new Bangalore-based think-tank. For issues without a defence or strategic colour, foreign money does flow into all sorts of non-profits, though even that is under the lens lately.
CV Madhukar, who co-founded PRS Legislative Research, had a near-death experience when foreign sources evaporated a few years ago due to governmental intervention. PRS was eventually resurrected by quick thinking Indian philanthropists who decided it did have a role to play in the governance process.
Madhukar recounts how his team receive frantic calls from MPs, before and during parliamentary sessions, seeking answers or explanations on a whole range of bills and issues, some as basic as 'what is fiscal deficit?' "It's good to see Indian philanthropy evolving and beginning to touch issues of research and policy," says Madhukar, who now leads Omidyar Network's drive on governance in India.
Colours Of Debate
Rohini Nilekani and her husband Nandan, Infosys co-founder, have made one of the biggest commitments in this space: around Rs 50 crore to the Bangalore-based Indian Institute for Human Settlements, which focuses on urbanisation issues, critical for a developing economy like ours. Rohini is seen to lean slightly towards the left of centre for she doesn't look upon free markets as a saviour of mankind. However, she has, on her own, funded think-tanks across the left to the right ideological spectrum.
She also helped Takshashila, with a clear pro-market agenda, get off the ground. Nitin Pai reveals that Rohini, as the angeldonor to the institution, made it clear that she disagreed with him on many contentious developmental issues but would still like to support him. Has her money changed the thinking process at Takshashila? No, he says. He wouldn't have taken the money if the intent was to influence his thinking. "I cannot influence how people think; wouldn't want to either," explains Rohini. "But it's important to have people of authenticity and integrity speaking up on issues, in a non-polarising way." The idea is to trigger healthy debates, to have multiplicity of voices, of all hues and biases.
Colours Of Approach
Transparency, therefore, is critical in the think-tank space. It is important for the public to know who has funded the think-tank and what its leanings are. It can prevent mishaps like that of a BBC interview of a thinktank director who pontificated on cigarette packaging regulations last year, without the disclosure that his institute had been funded by tobacco companies.
Luis Miranda, former CEO of IDFC PE, is backing the Centre for Civil Society and Gateway House for he believes the Indian system continues to be steeped in socialistic thinking and that "JNU types" —implying left leaning, from the Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi—wield disproportionate influence.
He is also keen to cut into newer areas of integrating the voice of business in foreign policy approaches. "The issue is not of capital or FDI from China, we need the right policies for the world to come our doors," he says, and explains how Indian IT and pharma companies, our strengths as a nation, have scant opportunities in China. "Can we work with the government on this?" he asks.
The trickle of Indian philanthropic money into the think-tank space is also expected to trigger some rigour into research. All along we have had views and narratives masquerading as research or deep thinking. It's about time to jettison this approach and embrace a whole array of social science techniques and tools to deal with complex issues. It's important to infuse credibility into the process. "We are moving to becoming a very questioning society," explains Pai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PMO to discuss proposal to hedge crude impor...Prime Minister’s Office will discuss RBI's proposal to hedge crude import risks
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(The Prime Minister’s…)
NEW DELHI: The government is actively considering a Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) proposal to hedge crude oil import risks at a time when international crude prices have slumped close to the lowest in nearly four years, which could significantly reduce country's over $155 billion petroleum import bill.
The Prime Minister's Office has called a meeting on this matter this week, which will be attended by top government officials, official sources said. Globally, energy firms resort to hedging to shield themselves from highly volatile international crude oil market.
Crude oil prices have dropped by over 20 per cent since June this year. Brent crude, which fell to $82.60 per barrel on Oct 16 has risen to around $85. But, state refiners are skeptical. Global oil markets are highly volatile and no one can predict that rates have bottomed out. They are concerned about big losses if prices fall again after they lock supplies at the current rate. India imports about 80 per cent of crude oil it processes."
How can you take any definitive position in highly volatile commodity like crude? Similar situation took place about five years ago when its price dropped to below $40 per barrel by in January 2009 from a peak of about $140 in June 2008," an IOC executive said requesting anonymity.
Earlier, the parliamentary standing committee on petroleum and natural gas had rebuked state oil refiners for not hedging. It said questioned Indian Oil Corp (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum Corp ( HPCL ) and Bharat Petroleum Corp ( BPCL ) for shying away from hedging volatility risks when they purchase over 20 per cent of their requirements from the spot market.
"We usually hedge for refining margins, which is difference between crude price and product price. Hedging crude prices in large quantity is not often prudent. Delivery of crude to our refineries takes about 40 days, which makes hedging more risky.
At best, we can take options with floor and ceiling. But, that will attract huge premium. I believe, government and companies are in best position to take a view on this matter," former IOC Chairman RS Butola said.
Chief executive officer of a private-sector refiner said "hedging is dynamic and it is a function of perception and timeframe.
It may or may not give desired results. Public sector companies will opt for hedging only if the government will give definitive instructions as they are subject to tough audits."
India's current refining capacity is 215 million tonnes, including 89 MT private refining capacity.
State oil firms undergo stringent audit by CAG.
"If a private refiner hedge and lose heavily, nobody would blame its management, but if we make losses, we will be hounded even post-retirement," a director in a state oil firm said.
RBI permits oil companies to hedge price risks on crude and petroleum products on overseas exchanges and markets.
But, Indian firms prefer long-term contracts while purchasing crude oil.
They, however, meet about 20 per cent their crude oil requirements through spot markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Affiliate sites gain from e-commerce slugfestAmazon
(Amazon raised commissions…)
NEW DELHI: Early last month, when Flipkart was heavily promoting its largest single-day sale, rival Amazon India was busy courting online discount couponsellers, price-comparison websites, cash-back companies and other so-called affiliate networks to help drive traffic to its own site.
Amazon raised commissions by as much as 50 per cent to affiliates two days before Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale. It then bumped them up again on the day of the sale itself, October 6.
Online retailers lure customers by offering the cheapest price tags.
But rising competition means rivals are trying to ensure that they have an advantage on all possible battle fronts.
No wonder then that Amazon is getting aggressive on affiliate commissions as India's e-commerce business evolves rapidly, prompting homegrown sites such as Flipkart and Snapdeal to play the catch up game.
Several executives at affiliates that ET spoke to said Amazon pays the highest commissions— in the range of 5-15 per cent for every transaction routed from their sites. On October 6, the company doubled them to 10 per cent on the sale of electronics and offered up to 30 per cent on apparel and other high-margin products.
Such affiliates are typically sites that sell coupons or lure consumers with cash-back offers. They receive commission on every transaction they bring to e-commerce companies in the form of commissions. Affiliates are estimated to account for about 8 per cent of e-commerce sales in India.
"Since Amazon offered us double commission, a lot of affiliates like us on the ground were pushing Amazon more on that day (October 6)," said Swati Bhargava, cofounder of cash-back site Cashkaro.
com that also works with Flipkart and Snapdeal besides other online retailers. Higher commission helped Cashkaro to offer better cash-back deals to consumers, Bhargava said.
AMAZON EXPERIMENT
Amazon India said that it had been aggressive on this front during Diwali but that this had nothing to do with competition.
"We were testing several commissioning rates during this period and to incentivising (the affiliates) differently," said Kishore Thota, head of digital marketing at Amazon India.
The company's tests seem to have worked. An executive at an affiliate said traffic routed to Flipkart and Snapdeal jumped 200 per cent during Diwali, compared with 250 per cent to Amazon. Similarly, dealsite FreeKaaMaal.com said traffic from its website to Amazon grew fourfold during Diwali.
Mausam Bhatt, senior director of marketing at Flipkart, said he's unfazed by what rivals are doing. "We don't tend to react or change our commissions based on what the competition is doing," he said.
"We tend to have a fairly consistent commission structure that we maintain over a period of time and our relations with affiliates have been built over those lines and over a longer period of time as opposed to seasonal spikes or periodic reactions to activities."
With experts predicting a shakeout before long, e-commerce companies are seeking to ensure that they're the ones that will be left standing. To that end, large amounts of cash are being ploughed into the sector—Amazon is investing $2 billion in India while Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year and Snapdeal is getting about $850 million. Online retail market is expected to surge to $32 billion by 2020 from $2.3 billion, accounting for 3 per cent of total Indian retail, according to consultant Technopak.
 
GLOBAL PRACTICE
Affiliates said they've got a better deal thanks to the US company's practices. "Amazon brought their global practice of maintaining direct channels with affiliates with no mediator in between," said Ravi Kumar, chief executive of Free-KaaMaal, who said that local online retailers previously outsourced this relationship to third parties. "Now everyone is following this model and everyone has their in-house affiliate-managing teams—no middlemen, so the margins are coming to us."
Acknowledging the importance of working directly with affiliates, Amazon started offering average commissions of about 10 per cent when local rivals were paying less than 2 per cent, prompting Flipkart and Snapdeal to raise their payments, said Abhinav Choudhary, cofounder of online price-comparison company Smartprix.com.
However, Snapdeal already had such a programme in place, said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president, marketing.
"We had our affiliate programme far before Amazon or anyone had come in. If someone is saying that Amazon came and everything changed, I don't subscribe to that," he said.
But what Amazon did was pay closer attention to the marketing channel, said Sameer Parwani, chief executive of CouponDunia-.com, in which Times Internet Ltd acquired a majority stake in May.
"I wouldn't say other e-commerce sites had totally ignored affiliate marketing or did a bad job," said Parwani. "It's just one channel that Amazon valued a lot so other companies woke up a little bit and said we have to stay competitive in whatever Amazon is doing with affiliates being one of those channels."
This has meant important changes, such as the speeding up of payments, which could remain pending for several months earlier.
Now top e-commerce companies pay in a month, said Aman Jain of GoPaisa. Amazon will continue focusing on affiliates for marketing and customer acquisition.
"It's a very healthy traffic channel for us. We will continue to invest in it," Thota said. That should bring more cheer to the affiliate industry - and ultimately consumers.
"With commissions increasing, we are offering better cash-back to end consumers," said Ravitej Yadalam, chief executive of cashback site Pennyful.com. "So the consumer is the real winner in the whole battle."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lava may become 2 largest local smartphone b...Lava may become second largest local smartphone brand
By Danish Khan , ET Bureau | 4 Nov, 2014, 03.10AM IST
In the feature phones category, Lava topped the list in the number of handsets imported, followed by Micromax and Karbonn.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Lava is likely to replace Karbonn as India's second largest local smartphone vendor in a ranking led by Micromax, handsets import data indicates.
Data from market research firm Cybex Exim Solutions , which tracks only domestic phone vendors, shows that Micromax imported 3.7 million smartphones in the third quarter of 2014 while Lava imported 1.9 million and Karbonn 1.8 million. Karbonn, however, said it remains ahead of Lava as per its own calculations.
In the feature phones category, Lava topped the list in the number of handsets imported, followed by Micromax and Karbonn. Overall, Micromax maintained its lead, with Lava pipping Karbonn to second spot. All three vendors import devices mainly from China. Next week, market research firms IDC and CounterPoint Technology are expected to come out with their shipment data, which will indicate the market share rankings for the July-September period.
India's surging but volatile smartphone market, is expected to nearly double to over 80 million devices by end of 2014. In the April-June period, it was led by Samsung at 29 per cent. Micromax was a close second at 18 per cent, followed by Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).
In India, feature phones still account for over 70 per cent of the market, but are being fast replaced by smartphones.
Karbonn and Lava are facing strong competition from the likes of Lenovo-Motorola, Xiaomi and Gionee, while Microsoft-Nokia is also trying to regain lost market share.
Noida-based Lava has been growing consistently and at a healthy rate since the beginning of the current financial year, according to IDC and Convergence Catalyst's founder analyst Jayanth Kolla ."In terms of growth, it has got to be Lava. Starting with the first quarter, they were at the smaller market share. In terms of rate of growth, they have been on a roll among the three players," Kolla said.
Lava is the first India phone vendor to introduce its own user interface or skin —Hive— on the Android OS. No other domestic brand has invested on this front lately. Kolla said it is a strong product differentiator for Lava devices in India.
The change in the ranking dynamics was predicted by IDC in its handset market report for the second quarter. "It will not be a surprise if Lava topples Karbonn to clinch the third spot in the smartphone category in the coming quarters," the market research firm had said.
Karbonn's executive director Shashin Devsare said the company is not worried. "Our shipment trends in the last quarter keep us at number 2 in smartphones," he said.
Devsare said the company is seeing quarter over quarter growth, which is in line with internal targets. "We have been maintaining our position with 6-7 lakh smartphones per month in the last quarter, on an average. We focus on meeting targets rather seeing if we are growing in terms of market share," he said.

UBS banker cleared on US tax charges© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c76b164e-63ab-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Manoj Bhargava pledges Rs 500 cr for Uttarak...You are here: Home > Collections > Uttarakhand
NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava to give Rs 500 crore for Uttarakhand's development
Saumya Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Tags:
Living Essentials
(Bhargava, who is one of the…)
NEW DELHI: NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava , one of the few Indians to sign the 'The Giving Pledge', is set to announce a plan to give Rs 500 crore over six years for a development programme in Uttarakhand.
Bhargava, who is one of the richest Indians in America, has already given more than Rs 300 crore to over 151 organisations across India, with 406 completed or ongoing projects in the areas of healthcare, education, disability, livelihood, water and sanitation, in the past five years, through The Hans Foundation (THF).
The foundation will on Tuesday announce the Rs 500-crore 'investment' in Uttarakhand 2020, a comprehensive statewide development programme focusing on disease prevention, child education and forest regeneration in Uttarakhand.
"We have created pockets of change in each of the 25 states where THF has worked. We are now pooling the best of what we have learned and scaling it up in Uttarakhand," says Bhargava.
"By the year 2020, we aim to create a massive change across Uttarakhand in one of the nation's most powerful village development programmes," says Bhargava, who has visited India regularly in the past five years.
Bhargava is an entrepreneur, philanthropist and founder & CEO of Living Essentials , which sells '5-hour Energy' shots. Retail sales are estimated to be in the vicinity of $1 billion.
Early in his life, Bhargava did a variety of jobs and worked as a construction labourer, construction cleaning contractor, accounting clerk, taxi driver, printing press operator and business manager before he became a billionaire entrepreneur riding on the success of Living Essentials.
His foundation chose Uttarakhand as "it is the cradle of Indian civilisation, and a place most in need of large-scale development initiatives". The project is designed to significantly improve the quality of life of the low-income communities of the state.
Energy, water and health are the most critical elements for people, says Bhargava, adding, "Charity is very difficult to do right. Thinking through what people need: You can't start a charity without that. It's like starting a business without the product."
The Hans Foundation is a charitable trust fund that was created in 2009 to provide a source of endowment for not-for-profit organisations in India. As one of India's largest funds, THF provides grants and financial aid to grassroots organisations that are able to directly serve communities and also partners with larger international organisations for increased impact and large-scale work. Till August 2014, the foundation worked with partners to impact the lives of close to 600,000 people.
Bhargava's foundations include Knowledge Medical Charitable Trust and Rural India Charitable Trust. Both have funded medical research in the US and over 400 charities in India. Two of the major initiatives are hospitals for the poor and education for disadvantaged women in rural areas.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How one fund turned a 4% loss into a 96% gainHow one fund turned a 4% loss into a 96% gain
By: John Waggoner November 3, 2014 4:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
How can you turn a 4% loss into a 96% gain? Only through the wonder of explosively constructed exchange-traded funds.
Frantzesco Kangaris/Bloomberg
Gold got hammered last month, falling to $1,164.25 on Oct. 31 from $1,216.50 the last trading day of September – a 4% decline. And that was the basis for the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund’s 96% gain in October.
Here’s how it works.
One way to leverage gold – that is, boost gains on the way up and losses on the way down – is to buy shares of gold-mining stocks. Consider a company that could get gold out of the ground for $1,000 an ounce. At $1,200 an ounce, the company makes a $200 profit.
Now suppose gold rises to $1,300 an ounce – an 8.3% gain. For the mining company, however, earnings have risen to $300 from $200, which is a 50% increase. In theory, the stock’s value should rise far more than gold.
Going in the other direction, the results aren’t as happy. If gold fell to $1,200 from $1,300, a bullion investor would be down 7.7%, but the mining company would see earnings tumble 33%.
Smaller mining companies tend to be more volatile than larger ones, so if you want to be really risky, you can invest in the so-called junior mining companies. These may have to borrow extensively to get the gold out of the ground.
You’d expect junior gold stocks to fall more than larger gold stocks when the price of gold falls, and you’d be right. The Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF fell 25.8% in October.
So how do you turn that frown upside down and turn it to insanely giddy laughter? Create a fund that bets that junior gold miners will fall – taking a short position, in Wall Street parlance. Then use futures and options to boost returns (and losses) even further, so much so that for every 1% the junior miners index falls, the fund rises 3%.
And that’s what Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund does. Is this a fund you should consider? Absolutely not, unless you feel that you just have too darn much money. When the price of gold turns around, the fund could lose money just as fast as it gains it.

Googles Singhal searches for 500 mn Indian netizensGoogles Singhal searches for 500 mn Indian netizens
Delhi heads for polls as BJP refuses to form govtDelhi heads for polls as BJP refuses to form govt
Wagah Blast: Pakistani bomber s target was India  say security expertsWagah Blast: Pakistani bomber s target was India  say security experts
NCR sees 54% decline in new realty projectsNCR sees 54% decline in new realty projects
TN Cong splits; Vasan quits  To form new partyTN Cong splits; Vasan quits  To form new party
India has potential to become 2nd largest steel consumer: Deutsche Bank reportIndia has potential to become 2nd largest steel consumer: Deutsche Bank report
Bharti Softbank buy 36.5% stake in ScoopWhoopBharti Softbank buy 36.5% stake in ScoopWhoop
Wagah toll touches 61  21 held; Pause in border tradeWagah toll touches 61  21 held; Pause in border trade
U-Haul International Selected as a Finalist for the Platts Global Energy AwardU-Haul International Selected as a Finalist for the Platts Global Energy Award
Scaling in Real-Time: How Businesses Can Maintain High Availability during Growing PainsScaling in Real-Time: How Businesses Can Maintain High Availability during Growing Pains
No proof required: PDS or NREGA  corruption must go onThe PDS facts are as follows: 50 per cent of the food disappears, and the poor receive only 24 per cent of the food that reaches the ration shop. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:15 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 12:18 am
There are several reasons why the case for retaining the NREGA employment system, as argued by 28 of India’s leading economists, should be dismissed.
First, India’s leading economists are likely to be just plain wrong, and naïvely so, in their assessment of the worth of the NREGA. While this job provision programme has been christened the Mahatma Gandhi NREGA, I feel it is important to not besmirch the Mahatma’s memory with such a corrupt programme.
Evidence suggests that India’s leading economists have generally been on the wrong side of economics and economic history. When the developing world, especially in East Asia, began changing course in the early 1960s, many of India’s “leading” economists stayed behind — and behind enough to cheer political moves like the Emergency and economic views like bank nationalisation etc. No prizes for guessing that the dominant view of India’s “leading economists” (hereafter ILE) back in the 1960s was in favour of heavy state involvement in the affairs of the economy.
Though much has changed in the world and in India, the ILE view has remained broadly the same — with minor adjustments. The ILEs are not so brazenly left that they support import controls or industrial licensing — but they are left enough to support “dole economics”, or massive government intervention in the name of the poor (though not necessarily for the poor). For them, it is enough to stop all debate with the simple comeback line — yes, corruption is high, yes, there are problems of delivery, but at least some money reaches the poor. In their letter, the ILE state: “Recent research also shows that corruption levels have steadily declined over time… While corruption remains a concern, experience shows that it can be curbed…” I guess corruption, like beauty, is in the ideology of the beholder, or the economist.
It has been documented by several researchers (also see my article, ‘1960s thinking on poverty, only in India’, IE, July 18) that the public distribution system (PDS) of foodgrains is one of the most corrupt public delivery systems in India and perhaps the world. The extent of PDS corruption has been openly acknowledged by every government in power, including the UPA government. The magnitude of the corruption involved is mind-boggling even for those more knowledgeable about these matters, for example, Fifa and the BCCI. In the July 18 article, I documented that the poor (Tendulkar poverty line) in India received only 12 per cent of the money spent in their name. Further, about 50 per cent of the foodgrains allocated to the PDS just disappears into thin continued…

Colonial structure  feudal valuesInstagram photographs posted by DIG Shakeel Beig’s son. From left: A man helps the DIG put on his shoes; a securityman doubles up as a caddie for DIG’s son; a man holds an umbrella for Beig.
Written by G P Joshi | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:44 am
The boast of the J&K DIG’s son that his father was a “real king” because the “last time he put [on] his shoes himself was almost 15 years ago” has drawn angry reactions from many quarters. This incident is painful because it projects a bleak reality that has to be accepted.
This reality has two aspects. First, the J&K DIG is one of many “kings” in the police forces of the country. Only two years ago, a PIL heard in the Punjab and Haryana High Court alleged that an officer of the rank of inspector general of police of the vigilance department was using as many as 31 police constables and head constables as “servants”. On receiving a notice from the high court, the Punjab government reportedly conducted an inquiry and then suspended the officer. The orderly system still exists and is often misused.
Second, the conditions under which the police constabulary work and live in this country are harsh, humiliating and oppressive. Their salaries are low. They do not have fixed hours of work. Their job is risky and stressful. Family accommodation is not available to the majority of them. They are constantly on the move and have little to look forward to in terms of career advancement. While delivering the fourth Nani Palkhiwala Memorial lecture in Mumbai on October 5, 2009, P.C. Chidambaram, then Union home minister, said that the police constable “who works for 12 to 14 hours a day throughout the year is the most abused” part of the machinery. “Everyone believes that he can be bullied, or cajoled or bribed… he is the most reviled public servant.” He further said that the “self-esteem of the average policeman is very low. and this average police constable is a frontline force for internal security.”
The lower ranks of the police complain that their self-esteem is affected by the behaviour of their senior officers. There are two main grievances. One, policemen posted as orderlies at the residence of senior officers are often required to attend to the personal demands of the seniors and their family members. Two, seniors generally treat junior police officials in a rough, rude manner. Add to this the fact that the general public also looks down on the police constable as a lowly creature. We have not given the policeman the status that befits his role in society. Recently, there have been reports that policemen from the lower ranks have been abused and assaulted by politicians and the public.
A policeman with low esteem cannot be continued…

A Brief Visual History Of Ballet In The 20th Centuryreddit
As holiday season approaches, visions of sugar-plum fairies inevitably begin dancing in our heads. 'Tis the time of "The Nutcracker," and other classic ballet performances that countdown to a whole new season of dance across the world. In honor of the possibilities of the 2014-2015 season, we dug into the photographic archives of Getty and the Associated Press to find the most iconic snapshots of ballerinas and prima donnas over the ages.
Below is a brief but beautiful visual history of the art form, ranging from 1911 to 1999. From Vaslav Nijinsky to Benjamin Millepied, Anna Pavlov to Sylvie Guillem, the collection of vintage portraits gives a mostly black-and-white glimpse into over a century's worth of ballet greats. Much has changed in terms of representation and body image over the years, and while we can only hope to see more diversity, it certainly shows in these images. Take a look and let us know your thoughts in the comments.
1910s
Russian dancer Vaslav Nijinsky (1890-1950) performs in 1911 in Paris in the role of Petrouchka in a ballet composed by Igor Stravinsky. (Photo credit should read ROOSEN/AFP/Getty Images)
Vaslav Nijinsky (1890-1950) as the faun at the premiere of Ballet Russe's production of "L'Apres-midi d'un Faune" at the Theatre du Chatelet Paris in May of 1912. (Photo by Edward Gooch/Edward Gooch/Getty Images)
Ballet dancer Madame Emma Sandrini painted by Debat-Ponsan in 1913. (Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Boys of the advanced class learning ballet-dancing in the Imperial School in St Petersburg in 1913. (Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Ballerina Anna Pavlova (1882-1931), who danced all over the world, dressed for her most famous role as the solo dancer in "The Dying Swan" created in 1905 by Mickhail Fokine. Image circa 1915. (Photo by Claude Harris/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Russian ballerina Anna Pavlova (1885-1931) dancing in a production of "Gavotte." Image circa 1915. (Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
1920s
Marja Ambrozewicz, a teacher at the Ballet School of Warsaw, shown in Paris around 1920. (Photo by Choumoff/Roger Viollet/Getty Images)
Famed ballet dancer Anna Pavlova posing for a portrait in Belgium on September 16, 1927. (AP Photo)
Russian Ballet dancers Lyubov Tchernicheva, Alice Nikitina, Alexandra Danilova (1904-1997), Felia Doubrovska and Serge Lifar during a production of "Apollon Musagetes" in 1928, composed by Igor Stravinsky and choreographed by George Balanchine. (Photo by Sasha/Getty Images)
Alexandra Danilova in "Apollo Musagete" in Paris in June of 1928. (Photo by Lipnitzki/Roger Viollet/Getty Images)
Ballet Russe dancers, Serge Lifar (1905-1986) and Alexandra Danilova (1904-1997) in "Apollon Musagetes" in 1928. (Photo by Sasha/Getty Images)
1930s
"Les Songes," Balanchine's ballet, in 1933. (Photo by Lipnitzki/Roger Viollet/Getty Images)
Nini Theilade, an Indonesian ballet dancer, adopting a ballet pose for a studio portrait in September 1933. (Photo by Sasha/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
"Beauty And The Beast" audition at Lyceum Theater in London in November of 1937. (Photo by Keystone-France/Gamma-Keystone via Getty Images)
A dancer tying up her shoes in 1937. (Photo by Baron/Getty Images)
Vera Zorina, the stage name of Eva Hartwig, the ballet dancer and actress, rehearsing with her husband George Balanchine for the Warner Brothers musical production of "On Your Toes" in 1939. (Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Tamara Toumanova, one of George Balanchine's original "baby ballerinas," shown in 1939. (AP Photo)
1940s
Trinidad-born ballerina Pamela May (Doris May, 1917-2005) performing in "Dante Sonata," by Frederick Ashton, in 1940. (Photo by Baron/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Dutch ballet dancer Marina Franca (b. 1918) poses on point in a peacock costume on April 18, 1941. (Photo by Weegee (Arthur Fellig) / International Center of Photography / Getty Images)
Dancers from the Ballet Rambert during a performance at the Open Air Theatre in Brockwell Park, London in 1943. (Photo by Fred Ramage/Keystone Features/Getty Images)
A dancer in "The Quest," performed by the Sadler's Wells Ballet at the New Theatre in 1943. (Photo by Tunbridge/Tunbridge-Sedgwick Pictorial Press/Getty Images)
English ballerina Alicia Markova (1910-2004) of the Ballets Russes in costume for the ballet "Aurora's Wedding" by Sergei Diaghilev in New York City in 1946. (Photo by Constance Bannister Corp/Getty Images)
Behind the stage curtains, Susan, niece of the dancer Alicia Markova Asshe, imitates her aunt who is performing with Anton Dolin on stage in 1949. (Photo by Keystone/Getty Images)
1950s
The cast of a Festival Ballet production of Jules Perrot's ballet "Pas De Quatre," at a photo-call in London in 1950. The dancers are Nathalie Krassovska (1918-2005) as Carlotta Grisi, Alexandra Danilova (1904-1997) as Fanny Cerito, Tatiana Riabouchinska (1917-2000) as Lucille Grahn and Alicia Markova (1910-2004) as Marie Taglioni. (Photo by Baron/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Tanaquil Le Clercq (1929-2000), a principal dancer with the New York City Ballet, in costume for "Bourree Fantasque," in 1950. (Photo by Baron/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
British ballerina, director and choreographer Gillian Lynne in "Ballet Imperial" by George Balanchine in 1950. (Photo by Baron/Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
The New York City Ballet performing "Orpheus" in 1952. (Photo by Lipnitzki/Roger Viollet/Getty Images)
Ballet teacher Marjorie Middleton instructing her pupils in ballet positions during a lesson in one of the studios at the Scottish Ballet School at Grosvenor Crescent, Edinburgh in 1955. (Photo by Malcolm Dunbar/Picture Post/Getty Images)
Russian ballerina Galina Sergeevna Ulanova (1910-1998) of the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow in 1958. (Photo by Leonid Lazarev/Getty Images)
1960s
Maria Tallchief performing "Swan Lake" in December of 1960. (Photo by Jack Mitchell/Getty Images)
This May 1961 photo shows ballerina Melissa Hayden, a lyrical, exquisite dancer who performed with the New York City Ballet for more than 20 years. (AP Photo )
Martha Graham and company perform "Phaedra" in August of 1962. (Photo by Jack Mitchell/Getty Images)
Russian ballet dancer Rudolf Nureyev dances with Rosella Hightower during a dress rehearsal at the B.B.C. television studios in London in 1962. (Photo credit should read AFP/AFP/Getty Images)
Ballerina Nadia Nerina in "Electra" circa 1963. (Photo by M McKeown/Getty Images)
Ballet dancers Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Nureyev rehearsing "La Bayadere" on stage in 1963. (Photo by Victor Blackman/Express/Getty Images)
Maria Tallchief performing "Firebird" at the NYC Ballet on September 19, 1963. (Photo by Jack Mitchell/Getty Images)
Members of the Alvin Ailey American Ballet posing together while in London for a season at the Shaftesbury Theatre in 1964. Left to right -- Lucinda Ranson, Loretta Abbott and Joan Peters. (Photo by Central Press/Getty Images)
African American male and female dancers perform ballet at the Dance Theatre of Harlem in New York in 1965. (Photo by Afro American Newspapers/Gado/Getty Images)
The dancers Rudolf Nureyev and Margot Fonteyn rehearsing the ballet "Paradise Lost" by Roland Petit at the Royal Opera House in London on February 20, 1967. Lifted up by the other dancers, they meet "flying in the air." (Photo by Keystone-France/Gamma-Keystone via Getty Images)
1970s
Soviet dancer Alexander Godunov, member of the Bolshoi Ballet, pictured at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York on July 10, 1973. (AP Photo/Marty Lederhandler)
Russian dancers Alexander Godunov (1949-1995) and prima ballerina Maya Plisetskaya perform in a scene from "La Rose Malade" during a Stars of the Bolshoi Ballet performance at Lincoln Center's Metropolitan Opera House in New York on September 21, 1974. (Photo by Linda Vartoogian/Getty Images)
Russian ballet dancer Maya Plisetskaya performs Mikhail Fokine's "The Dying Swan" with the Stars of the Bolshoi Ballet at the Metropolitan Opera House at Lincoln Center in New York on September 21, 1974. (Photo by Linda Vartoogian/Getty Images)
South African-born British ballet dancer Monica Mason (as "Nikiya, a temple dancer") and Russian ballet dancer and choreographer Rudolf Nureyev (as "Solor, a warrior") dance with the Royal Ballet at the Metropolitan Opera House at Lincoln Center in New York on April 30, 1976. (Photo by Linda Vartoogian/Getty Images)
George Balanchine and dancer Suzanne Farrell wearing Van Cleef and Arpels jewelry for Balanchine's ballet "Jewels" on September 24, 1976 in Paris. (Photo by RDA/Getty Images)
Cuban dancers Lazaro Carreno, left, and Maria Llorente, right, pose with Alvin Ailey dancer Judith Jamison (center) at New York's City Center on Tuesday in May 1977. U.S. choreographer Alvin Ailey arranged for the two stars of the National Cuban Ballet to come to the U.S. for his opening night benefit at the City Center on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
Dancer, choreographer, actor and former artistic director of the American Ballet Theatre, Mikhail Baryshnikov rehearses the Twyla Tharp ballet "When Push Comes to Shove" at the Hollywood Bowl on August 2, 1979 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Joan Adlen/Getty Images)
1980s
Russian-born French dancer Rudolf Nureyev (1938-1993) and American ballerina Eva Evdokimova (1948-2009) perform in Nureyev's version of "The Nutcracker" with the Berlin Ballet at the Metropolitan Opera House at Lincoln Center in New York on July 18, 1980. (Photo by Jack Vartoogian/Getty Images)
Yoko Ichino, circa 1982, as a first soloist with the National Ballet of Canada. She rehearsed up to six hours each day. (Photo by Boris Spremo/Toronto Star via Getty Images)
Dancers Mikhail Baryshnikov and Cheryl Yeager rehearse the pas de deux from "Don Quixote" in Philadelphia on Augist 16, 1982. (AP Photo/George Widman)
Italian dancer Alessandra Ferri dancing for the Royal Ballet in 1984. (Photo by AGIP/RDA/Getty Images)
Roberta Marquez performs as Giselle during a Royal Ballet dress rehearsal of "Giselle" at The Royal Opera House in London in 1985. (JOHN D MCHUGH/AFP/Getty Images)
Natalia Bessmertnova of the Bolshoi Ballet dancing "Romeo and Juliet" at the Coliseum in 1989. (Photo by Michael Ward/Getty Images)
1990s
Boston Ballet principal dancer Fernando Bujones, left, dances the role of Siegfried and Bolshoi Ballet ballerina Nina Ananiashvili, right, performs as Odette in the final dress rehersal for Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake" in Boston Wednesday afternoon, May 2, 1990. (AP Photo/Peter Southwick)
Ballet dancers Laurent Hilaire and Sylvie Guillem rehearsing at the Royal Ballet School, Britain circa 1992. (Photo by Michael Ward/Getty Images)
Full-length image of Latvian-born dancer, choreographer and actor Mikhail Baryshnikov performing a dance solo from Paul Taylor's "Aureole," New York City in 1993. He was a featured guest artist for the program. (Photo by Sara Krulwich/New York Times Co./Getty Images)
Ukrainian National Opera stars Takita Shinoby of Japan and Gennady Zhalo perform a pas-de-deux from "La Bayadere" by Minkus, during Ukrainian National Ballet Competition-Festival in Kiev, Ukraine on January 31, 1996. (AP Photo/Victor Pobedinsky)
Benjamin Millepied, in mask, and Alexandra Ansanelli, second from right, leap in the air as dancers from the New York City Ballet and Students from School of American Ballet perform "Harlequinade", choreographed by George Balanchine, at the World Financial Center Winter Garden on Monday, Feb. 3, 1997 in New York. (AP Photo/Marty Lederhandler)
Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet rehearse a number for their production of George Balanchine's "Serenade" on October 22, 1999. The ballet is performed by 28 dancers in blue costumes before a blue background. (AP Photo/Dan Loh)
For more on what's been happening in the world of dance in New York City, check out our recent roundup of must-see performances here .
CORRECTION: Due to a Getty caption error, the image of ballet dancer Madame Emma Sandrini from 1913 was incorrectly labeled. It has since been fixed.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Burger 21 to open in Rosemont0
The first Burger 21 opened in 2010 with menu items such as The Ahi Tuna, Tex-Mex Haystack and The Skinny turkey burger along with shake flavors like bananas Foster and Key lime pie.
Ed Karayanes and Art Chmiel, who are behind the Illinois location and have operations experience with McDonald's, say they'd like to expand the brand in Chicagoland. The two each spent more than 25 years working their way up the McDonald's food chain, Karayanes said in an interview, starting as crew members and eventually operating multiple restaurants before deciding to strike it out on their own with Burger 21.
The Burger 21 location is one of a flurry of expanding burger chains in Chicago.
Checkers, a drive-thru focused fast-food chain, has chosen Chicago as one of its expansion areas, and Shake Shack is opening in Chicago on Tuesday.
Other chains expanding here: Culver's, Five Guys, Meatheads and Sonic. Red Robin Gourmet Burgers opened two smaller fast-service locations in Chicago this summer.
Karayanes said he thinks Burger 21 is different than the rest because it offers something for everyone, fish burgers included. A special burger arrives every month on the 21st and on that day a portion of sales goes to a cause in the community.
Tribune reporter Jessica Wohl contributed.

India could be in top two markets for XiaomiIndia could be in top two markets for Xiaomi
Obama to get update on Ebola response from advisers on Tuesday: White HouseObama to get update on Ebola response from advisers on Tuesday: White House
Exco Technologies Limited Announces Fourth Quarter Results On November 26  2014Exco Technologies Limited Announces Fourth Quarter Results On November 26  2014
NYMEX-U.S. crude closer to $78 on Saudi s US price cutNYMEX-U.S. crude closer to $78 on Saudi s US price cut
Vasan quits Cong after 14 years  to float new party in Tamil NaduVasan quits Cong after 14 years  to float new party in Tamil Nadu
Concern mounts over China river diversionConcern mounts in China over Yangtze diversion project
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a39d9c7c-4fa2-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Volatility tests the nerve of dollar bullsVolatility tests the nerve of dollar bulls
Alice Ross and Vivianne Rodrigues
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df58074e-5a87-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC employees in NY allege retaliationHSBC employees in NY allege retaliation
Tom Braithwaite and Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/089f8524-5ad2-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyundai looks to placate angry investorsHyundai Motor looks to placate investors with dividend boost
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/573a9996-5a94-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman at odds with rivals over AlibabaGoldman Sachs takes contrary stance on Alibaba price targets
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7eefc936-5f3d-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sushma allays Mauritius fears on tax pactPort Louis, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 00:12 IST
Sushma allays Mauritius fears on tax pact
PTI External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj with Mauritius Prime Minister Navin Ramgoolam in Port Louis, Mauritius, on Sunday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
taxes and duties
India on Sunday told Mauritius that it will not take any decisions that will “adversely impact” bilateral relations while reassuring the country that amendments to the bilateral tax treaty would be made only after considering the legitimate interests of both sides.
This was conveyed by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during her meetings with the top leadership of Mauritius, including President Rajkeswur Purryag and Prime Minister Navinchandra Ramgoolam.
She assured them that “India was in the process of reviewing the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) and will not do anything that will adversely impact the island nation’s ties with India,” official sources told PTI.
Ms. Swaraj, who is here on a three–day visit, also said that enhanced relations between the two countries will benefit people-to-people contacts. She recalled that the first batch of Indians had arrived in Mauritius on November 2, 1834.
Earlier, terming the India-Mauritius double taxation avoidance convention an important agreement between the two countries, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said both countries would ensure that their “legitimate interests” would be secured in any new agreement. “Discussions on this are an ongoing issue and once these are ready and there is an agreement between the two countries, we will then move to the next step of amending it,” he said.– PTI

Pilot action had role in Virgin Galactic crashPilot action played a role in Virgin Galactic spaceship crash
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4988997e-631d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Warning over threat to water securityThreat to world’s water security greater than thought
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55c6d8c8-632b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC sets aside $1.6bn as it misses forecastsLast updated: November 3, 2014 10:43 am
HSBC sets aside $1.6bn as it misses forecasts for third quarter
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c02b9bce-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Millennials Are Changing the Workplacereddit
What this episode is about and why you should care
Millennials are one of the five trends impacting the future of work, the others are: globalization, technology, new behaviors and mobility. However there's always a lot of focus placed on millennials which is why I picked this topic to start with for episode one. This is the largest generation to ever exist and there is plenty of discussion going on around whether or not this is a good thing or a bad thing. Some people say that millennials are littler narcissists and describe them as the "me, me, me generation." Others, are more optimistic and they realize the importance and opportunity that millennials can bring to the workforce.
To help us unpack millennials and everything we need to know about them I spoke with Dan Schawbel. Dan is a New York Times best-selling author of several books including Me 2.0 and his more recent book Promote Yourself. Dan also runs a company called Millennial Branding, a Generation Y research and consulting firm.
The one stat you need to know: "By 2020, 50 percent of the workforce is expected to be comprised of millennials and by 2025 that number is expected to be 75 percent of the workforce."
What you will learn in this episode
Why millennials are having such a big impact in the workplace and the world in general
Attracting and retaining millennials at your organization
Introducing generation Z (the next generation after millennials)
How you should work with and manage millennials
Facing the new reality of decreased employee tenure
Dan's early years as a college student to his pursuit for a writing career
How technology is impacting the "talent war"
The "free-agent" mentality that is impacting all generations in the workplace
What organizations need to do to evolve their corporate culture for the future of work
Why being self-sufficient is so critical for younger generations
Workplace flexibility and the myth that only millennials want it
Dan's advice for managers working with millennials
Dan's advice for millennials in the workforce

Crowdworkers form digital networksCrowdworkers form their own digital networks
Michael Pooler
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c23a880-5df3-11e4-bc04-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to read the Dows ups and downsNovember 3, 2014 5:57 am
How to read the Dow Jones ups and downs
Mohamed El-Erian
Three possible explanations have differing market implications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3aad5a1c-5f7f-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price gains as Saudi raises pricesOil slides after Saudi Arabia cuts prices in US
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e15b4e4e-6382-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago City Treasurer Neely to join Allstate0
Neely began her career as a financial analyst with Smith Barney and assistant vice president at Paine Webber. She later held municipal finance management jobs at First Chicago/Bank One Capital Markets and other firms, and was vice president of institutional sales for Northern Trust global investments from 2005 to 2006.
Republican candidate for governor Bruce Rauner last month said Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn "could have and should have" made Neely, who is black, his running mate. Rauner accused the governor of "taking the African-American vote for granted."

HSBC results hit FTSE bank stocksHSBC results hit FTSE bank stocks
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe29eeac-6334-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyundai Motor  at the crossroads© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/99d3365a-5a62-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hopes high for Alibabas maiden resultsAnticipation high on Alibaba’s maiden results
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/268a60cc-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Resurgent dollar set for sustained rallyResurgent dollar set for sustained rally
Delphine Strauss and Michael Mackenzie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4952f56-632a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar ends strong week on soft noteDollar ends strong week on soft note
Stephen Smith
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c96d7e2-5b66-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brand Value: Only SRK  Ranbir in $100 millio...AmericanAppraisal
(MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli…)
NEW DELHI: Bollywood A-listers Shah Rukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor emerged the only two celebrities in the country with more than $100-million valuation in the first ever celebrity brand valuation study in India.
Cricketers MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli took the next two positions, though well below Khan and Kapoor, according to valuation done by US consultancy firm American Appraisal.
The total value of the top 15 celebrity brands in India is over $820 million, or about Rs 5,025 crore, said the study that calculated celebrities' brand valuation based on the individual's reputation, credibility and ability to generate income from endorsements, as well as the adjusted average annual endorsement revenue they earned after deducting relevant costs including taxes.
The top 15 celebrities in 2013-14 generated over Rs 1,100 crore in endorsement fees, which accounted for close to 50% of their annual income, the report said.
"We found that brand value changed dramatically based on performance and delivery in the celebrity's area of core competence. A string of failures impacts celebrity value very rapidly," American Appraisal India MD Varun Gupta said.
This means that Dhoni's lean patch on the cricket field may have taken a toll on his brand valuation. The Indian cricket captain's brand valuation at $72 million, or Rs 441 crore, is less than half of table topper Shah Rukh Khan's. Riding on more than 10 top-notch endorsements including Hyundai , Nerolac Paints and Royal Stag, SRK has a brand valuation of $165 million, or a little over Rs 1,000 crore. (See table)
Founded back in 1896 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, American Appraisal specialises in valuation. The company entered Indian six years ago and did a brand valuation of the Indian Premier League, or IPL, this year.
Only three women — actresses Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif and Kareena Kapoor — figure in the top 10 list of the American Appraisal report, which said the average endorsement fee for a one-year contract for female A-listers at about Rs 5.5 crore is almost half of their male counterparts' Rs 10.5-crore average annual fee. Top cricketers on an average get approximately Rs 8 crore as endorsement fee.
"This remains a very male-driven industry and actors get paid significantly more," said Anirban Das Blah, founder of talent management firm Kwan, which represents Ranbir Kapoor. "This is something we are not comfortable with. Hopefully things will change," he added.
Times Celebex, a monthly rating index of Bollywood stars based on box office performance, endorsements and popularity on social media, among other parameters, ranked Salman Khan at the top for the month of September, followed by Hrithik Roshan. Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone are the top rankers among women. Salman Khan anchors popular reality television show Bigg Boss and endorses seven highly advertised brands.
In American Appraisal's report, cricketer Virat Kohli has bettered superstars such as Salman Khan, Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan.
But only three sportsmen - all cricketers -- made it to the top 15 league, while globally big sports stars like David Beckham, Lionel Messi and Roger Federer rule the endorsements space ahead of big Hollywood stars. "Movie stars are probably a more stable source of celebrity value, with higher longevity," Gupta said.
Analysts said Indian celebrities have yet to catch up with their western counterparts.
"Most global celebrities have ownership of scalable brands - whether it's Beckham or Messi or Angelina Jolie. Here, we are still evolving and hopefully will get there soon," said Afsar Zaidi, founder and MD at Exceed Entertainment, which represents Hrithik Roshan.
He said at least two brands created by celebrities — HRX apparel by Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan's Being Human — had global scale potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt objects to German co using khadi trademarkYou are here: Home > Collections
Government objects to German company Khadi Naturprodukte using khadi trademark
Dilasha Seth & Soma Das, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Attorneys Association
(The government has objected…)
NEW DELHI: After turmeric and neem, it's the turn of khadi. The government is preparing for a trademark battle over the handspun fabric that was made a centerpiece of India's freedom struggle by Mahatma Gandhi against Germany's Khadi Naturprodukte .
The government has objected to the German company's attempt to use the khadi trademark for selling a range of Indian-origin products, including shampoos, soaps and oils in European markets.
The Khadi & Village Industries Commission (KVIC), an arm of the ministry of micro, small & medium enterprises, has sought cancellation of the trademark given to the company by Belgium-headquartered Office for Harmonization in Internal Markets, an organisation responsible for trademark and design registration in EU. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion has urged KVIC to register the khadi brand for its range of products in the US and the EU, government officials told ET.
"We will put all our force and strength to try and ensure that this trademark is cancelled," a DIPP official said.
The German firm hadn't responded to ET queries on the matter as of press time but says on its website that "Khadi is a unique brand for the European market and only exclusively available with us." Products listed on its website include shampoos, soaps and oils which overlap with what KVIC sells under a similar brand, but the current list doesn't include fabric.
"Our online shop is constantly evolving and we are adding new products as we continue to develop them following strict guidelines," according to the German company. Patent expert Shamnad Basheer said, "If KVIC or the government can prove conclusively in EU that its range of products have been selling in that market under the 'khadi' trademark for significantly more number of years and consumers there clearly associate those products with its brand, it can make a case against a later entrant, the German company in this case."
For the last few years, KVIC has been trying to establish its footprint overseas and was granted the status of an export promotion council last year. While the Indian government has been successful in warding off bio-piracy threats by nixing attempts by multinationals to patent the uses of turmeric and neem among many others, experts believe this time the task is more challenging as it involves a trademark, is more complex and may prove more difficult to defend.
"The other criteria we need to see is the class of products for which the trademark has been granted to the German company. If it includes textiles, then India's case becomes stronger but if it applies only to a range of non-textile products, then the fight may be tougher," Basheer said.
What complicates the case further is even within India over 80-odd trademarks have been granted by India's trademark office to different products and not necessarily to the same organisations, a person familiar with the matter told ET. Also pending is an application for granting status of 'geographical indication' or GI on khadi to India.
This refers to products that are specific to a particular place, such as Scotch whiskey. A few months ago, the Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Attorneys Association sought a GI tag for khadi products on behalf of all Indian producers, its president Sanjai Gandhi told ET. He added that the application is still pending and if the attempt succeeds, all trademarks granted to khadi for the fabric would get cancelled.
After facing attempts by foreigners to patent uses of neem and turmeric, India started maintaining a database in the form of a Traditional Knowledge Digital Library. This has allowed it to preempt over 200 bio-piracy attempts globally, a government official told ET.
"Till date the database is restricted to Indian systems of medicines and work is underway to include postures and knowledge around yoga in the library and discussions are on to add traditional handicrafts in the library," the official added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan feels higher prices are betterJapan feels higher prices are better
Encana Extends Athlon Energy Tender Offer  Revises Merger...Encana Extends Athlon Energy Tender Offer  Revises Merger...
Cracks begin to show in new Haryana governmentPrint
It's been hardly a week since Manohar Lal Khattar’s swearing- in ceremony and difference between the Haryana chief minister and his health minister have already started coming to the fore.
Sources in the state government said Haryana Health Minister Anil Vij, a five- time MLA, has been facing discrimination in the government from Day One.
Despite his winning streak, Vij was kept out of race for the chief minister’s post even though some party leaders from the G. T. Road belt had suggested his name. The party high command, instead, chose to pick first- time legislator Khattar for the state’s top post.
Sources, however, said that as both the leaders hail from the same community and represent the same belt, the ego- clash was expected to take place.
Khattar was sworn in as chief minister on October 26 in Panchkula. It is said that Vij felt isolated on that day too as he was administered oath only at the fifth place.
Even in the state government’s release about the allotment of portfolios, Vij’s name featured at number five, way below other leaders who did not have five poll wins to be proud of.
Sources said that Vij was so miffed at the oath- taking ceremony that he did not even shake hands with Khattar after he was sworn in as a Cabinet minister.
‘Vij was also upset with the fact that he was given charge of only five departments— health out of these five was the only “important” department— while Khattar was heading 18 departments.
Even other ministers such as Captain Abhimanyu and Ram Bilas Sharma were given charges of more departments with 13 and nine, respectively.
Vij, who was scheduled to launch the ‘Swachh Haryana’ campaign in Karnal at the same time as Khattar was to launch the campaign in Faridabad on Saturday, decided to skip the event, following which Food and Civil Supplies Minister Karan Dev Kamboj was asked to roll out the campaign in Karnal.
The health minister, however, has denied that there are any such differences between him and his Cabinet colleagues including Khattar. “The Opposition is unnecessarily raising the issue. The reality is that the information about my Karnal programme was given to me on Friday evening and the people of my constituency (Ambala) had already planned another campaign and requested me to join them. I could not go to Karnal because of this situation,” Vij told mediapersons.
Recommend

5 Risky Marketing Strategies Perfect For Emerging Businessesreddit
Startup entrepreneurs thrive in an environment of risk, so these risky marketing strategies are perfect for emerging businesses.
Startups are a risky business. You begin with limited funding and limited experience, gambling on your market research and the solidity of your idea. If you work hard and you're lucky, you'll secure a line of revenue stable enough to warrant a direct line of growth -- but in order to see that growth, you'll need to take risks in every area of the company, including your marketing campaigns.
These risky marketing strategies are perfect for startups, who are young and can afford to take the gamble:
1. Go Guerrilla. Guerrilla marketing strategies, which rely on surprising, unpredictable forms of advertising, have gotten more popular but they're still tough to measure and even tougher to guarantee ROI for. Your campaign could achieve an overnight, massive success or crash and burn.
2. Make a Promise. Promise something permanent to your customers -- something bold, like "we'll never raise our rates" or "you'll get your product in one day, no matter what." It will improve your reputation -- as long as you can back it up. And therein lies the risk.
3. Take a Stand. Get attention and respect by taking a firm stance on a controversial issue, or better yet, multiple issues. You might turn some people off, but you'll also appear daring, confident, and authoritative.
4. Get Personal. Get personal on social media by interacting with individuals out of the blue. It might put some users off, putting you in danger of alienating your audience, but there will be those who appreciate it -- and they'll likely become loyal brand supporters.
5. Give Things Away. Giveaways are risky for startups, especially as you try to control your costs. Give your subscription or product away for free for a limited time -- if you can handle the financial liability.
When these marketing strategies pay off, they pay off big. But they're not for large companies, and they're not for the faint of heart. Calculate the risk, keep your passion and your focus, and follow through to the best of your ability.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

  Flipkart Among Favourites in Campus PlacementsSpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: Report
E-tailors such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have emerged as the new favourites among thousands of engineering and B-Schools graduates looking for their first placement, a survey by industry body Assocham has found.
More than 71 per cent of respondents in the survey, carried among 500 students from various campuses including the prestigious Indian Institute of Managements (IIMs), showed an inclination towards the fast-growing e-commerce sector as compared to traditional sectors such as FMCG, telecom and real estate.
The shift towards the e-commerce sector shouldn't come as a surprise. Companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal, flush with new funding and on a high on the back of record sales, are offering between Rs 10 lakh to 25 lakh in annual salaries to 20-somethings passing out of engineering and MBA colleges, the survey has found.
That's miles ahead from competition, which is still stuck in a pay bracket of Rs 4 lakh to Rs 7 lakh on an average, Assocham says.
This year, salaries offered by e-tailors are on an average 15-45 per cent higher as compared to last year, the survey notes. Assocham secretary general DS Rawat says e-tailors have hired 65 per cent more freshers this season as compared to last year.
Assocham expects India's e-commerce sector to add 5 lakh to 8 lakh new jobs in three to five years.
These companies have also gone big on hiring interns for summer placements. According to media reports, companies such as Snapdeal have offered stipends of more than Rs 50,000 per month for summer interns.
Factors driving the hiring boom:
Assocham says the e-commerce industry has experienced unprecedented growth with its total revenue increasing over 60 times between 2010 and 2014. Consulting firm Technopak estimates the size of the domestic e-tailing industry to soar from current $2.3 billion to $32 billion by 2020.
The spectacular growth over the years and future potential has attracted huge investments in the e-commerce sector. Snapdeal, India's third biggest e-tailor founded four years ago has raised about $1 billion this calendar year alone. Its bigger rival Flipkart became the first internet company to raise $1 billion this July.
Analysts say fresh funding will help these e-tailors expand quickly in a country with the world's third-largest internet user base, but relatively underdeveloped e-commerce.
(With inputs from PTI)

Lupin Gets FDA Nod for Arthritis DrugYou are here: Home Corporates
Lupin Gets Regulatory Nod to Market Arthritis Treatment Drug in US
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 00:38 (IST)
Maruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
New Delhi: Drug firm Lupin Ltd on Monday said it has received approval from the US Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) to market a generic version of GD Searle LLC's Celebrex capsules, used to treat arthritis, in the American market.
The Mumbai-based company has received final approval for its Celecoxib Capsules in 50 mg strength from the US health regulator (FDA) to market a generic version of GD Searle LLC's Celebrex capsules, Lupin said in a statement.
The company has also received tentative approvals for its product in strengths of 100 mg, 200 mg and 400 mg from the FDA, it added.
GD Searle LLC's is a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc.
Celecoxib capsules are indicated for osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and acute pain.
According to IMS sales data, Celebrex capsules had annual US sales of $2.44 billion.
Shares in Lupin, on Monday, ended at Rs 1,359 apiece on the BSE, down 0.74 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 23:43 (IST)

Market pro: GOP sweep could spur stocksU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

SC-appointed panel visits Mullaperiyar damThe Hindu Members of the Supreme Court-appointed Supervisory Committee inspect the Mullaperiyar dam near Thekkadi in Kerala on Monday. Photo: G. Karthikeyan
Lifts sluice gates using generator, inspects release of water
The Supreme Court-appointed Supervisory Committee inspected the Mullaperiyar dam and checked the condition of the sluice gates of 13 vents on Monday. It also lifted the shutters of sluice seven and 11 using power from a generator and inspected water release.
Kerala member V.J. Kurian expressed satisfaction with the functioning of the sluice gates, though Kerala irrigation officials had earlier said the doors were very weak.
Tamil Nadu PWD Secretary M. Saikumar clarified that generator power would not be enough to raise the doors of all 13 vents in case of an emergency. It could be used to operate only one or two sluice doors at a time and normal power supply was required to lift all shutters.
Committee chairman L.A.V. Nathan instructed the Kerala officials to take steps to supply electricity. But Tamil Nadu representatives claimed that the Kerala State Electricity Board insisted on permission from the Supreme Court to provide power.
Later, talking to journalists, Mr. Nathan said there was no need to release water through all 13 vents immediately. If the level rose by two feet any day, Tamil Nadu should take immediate steps to release water.
He said the Kerala member was worried that sudden release of a huge quantum of water would have an adverse impact. So he demanded that the release commence immediately. Kerala officials were also concerned at the rise in the water level.
The chairman said Tamil Nadu officials had promised to rectify the snag in sluice door no.13 and manage the discharge through 12 shutters. The Tamil Nadu representative should meet KSEB officials in Thiruvananthapuram for power supply to the dam site. “If the level rose further, we would convene another meeting,” he said. “We have advised Kerala Forest Department officials to attend the next meeting to discuss permission for laying cables for power supply,” he added.
Cauvery Technical Committee chairman R. Subramani said Tamil Nadu would easily manage the discharge even if the level rose to 142 feet. When Kerala officials were worried about managing a sudden rush of 2.2 lakh cusecs of inflow, Mr. Subramani said it would happen when there was 450 mm rain. It would take a minimum of 64 hours to realise 2.2 lakh cusecs and, at present, the rainfall was just 40 mm, he said.

Africans in China feel Ebola panicNovember 4, 2014 12:01 am
Africans in China feel scant Ebola panic
Patti Waldmeir in Yiwu, eastern China and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9704a4f2-60cc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Led Zeppelin Jimmy Page Interview With 92YEXPLORE.ORG: Great Dane Puppy Service - Indoor Puppy Room
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks dip as Japan outperforms  dollar soarsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks dip as Japan outperforms  dollar soars
Nikkei 225 jumps 4.1% at openAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Sell advice tips RBS off three-year high© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bca8418-6380-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Film actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar passes away at 64Deepika Padukone’s Special Gift For Her Mother
Deepika Padukone has been shooting for Piku in Kolkatta along with Amitabh Bachchan.Tant saree is a traditional Indian saree and usually used by Bengali women.It is traditionally made by the weavers from all over West Bengal.Deepika has been loving the pace of the city and the kind of life.She spent 12 thousand on purchase of tant sarees for her mom and family members.It is a complete different experience for her because she is shooting in the city for the first time. ... …
Shocking! Waiter Arrested For Allegedly Threatening Madhuri Dixit Nene
Gauahar Khan slap controversy was not only hitting headlines, but has shocked the nation, and yet another controversy has cropped up in Bollywood. Now it is Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit Nene who had allegedly received extortion threats from a 23-year-old man. Can’t believe it, what’s happening to the youth these days.The man by the name Praveen Kumar Pradhan threatened to kill the actress and her children. He was arrested by police and during interrogation; he admitted that he has sent death …
Did Shah Rukh Khan Take A Dig At Salman Khan At Khan Ki Adalat?
An evening of December 02, 2014 when Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan came together and shared a podium had something more than seen. The trio attended the celebrations of the success of India TV’s ‘Aap Ki Adalat’ with Rajat Sharma. Also present on the occasion were many bigwigs like President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and many other elite personalities including industrialists, cricketers, singers and other politicians and Bollywood celebrities. The stage was all …

BJP not to form government in Delhi  wants fresh pollsBJP not to form government in Delhi, wants fresh polls
Yahoo India –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014
Print
New Delhi: The BJP on Monday decided not to form the government in Delhi, which has been under President's Rule since February this year.
BJP leaders met Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung and said it was not interested in forming a minority government and the party wanted fresh elections in the national capital.
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay and senior leader Jagdish Mukhi are expected to meet Jung again later on Monday as part of the L-G's day-long consultations with the three principal parties over government formation in Delhi. Jung will next meet the Congress leaders around 3 pm while the AAP meeting is scheduled later in the evening.
"LG shud first "formally" invite BJP (largest party), seek their "formal" stand, make it public, then invite next party, the way he did in Dec," AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal said on Twitter. The party has filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking fresh elections in Delhi.
"Our stand has been the same, want fresh polls in Delhi," Congress leader JP Aggarwal said. "BJP can't decide what to do. Earlier they said depending on wht LG says they will take a call, now they say party ready for polls," he said.
Sources in Jung's office said he will make a formal statement after his talks with the three parties.
The national capital has been without an elected government since February, when the AAP government quit.
After three BJP legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha in May, the effective strength of the assembly came down to 67 from the original 70.
The BJP's tally also got reduced to 28 from 31. It has the support of a lone Akali Dal legislator.
After expelling Vinod Kumar Binny from the party, the AAP is left with 27 legislators.
The Congress has eight legislators. There is one independent legislator and one from the Janata Dal-United.
Recommend

GAIL Extends LNG Ship DeadlineYou are here: Home Corporates
GAIL Extends LNG Ship Deadline by Over One Month
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 14:26 (IST)
Maruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
New Delhi:
GAIL (India) Ltd, the nation's biggest natural gas distributor, has extended by over a month the deadline for submission of bids for 9 newly built LNG ships it wants to hire to transport liquid gas from the US.
In a notice, GAIL said the last date for bidding has been extended till December 4 from October 30 previously.
The company has asked ship builders to quote daily hire charges for the freshly built LNG tankers in lots of three. It has conditioned that one ship out of every lot of three ships each would be built in India.
In the tender, GAIL has given Indian shipbuilders six years to deliver the ships as opposed to two-and-half year deadline for foreign firms.
Worldwide, about 379 LNG ships are operating and another 105 ships are being built/ordered. The specialised carriers are mostly built in South Korea and Japan by companies such as Samsung and Daewoo.
In recent years, China has also started making LNG ships.
In two deals, GAIL has contracted 5.8 million tonnes per annum of LNG from US for 20 years, beginning 2017-18. It has to arrange for ships for transportation of the liquefied natural gas (LNG). Transportation of 5.8 million tonnes a year of LNG would require 9 vessels.
As GAIL is also exploring the possibility of swapping as well as marketing part of the LNG in international markets, exact number of ships would be decided at the time of award.
According to the tender document, each of the LNG ships will be registered as a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for ownership and management of such vessel.
The tender conditions provide that both GAIL and Shipping Corp of India (SCI) will have the option to take equity ownership in each SPV to the extent of up to 10 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively.
The ships will, however, remain under long-term charter with GAIL, irrespective of its equity participation in the SPVs. After the charter hire period, the SPVs will be free to deploy the ships elsewhere.
GAIL and SCI had in June last year signed MoU for transportation of US LNG.
The MoU has provisions that SCI will help GAIL in charter hiring of LNG ships and the gas utility shall offer the national flag carrier a step-in right of up to 26 per cent equity ownership in all the LNG ships to be chartered by GAIL for supporting its US LNG volumes.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 14:22 (IST)

Player with brain tumour fulfills basketball dreamPlayer with brain tumor fulfills basketball dream
By GARY B. GRAVES | Associated Press –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014
View Photo
Mount St. Joseph's Lauren Hill gives thumbs up as she holds the game ball during …
CINCINNATI (AP) — Lauren Hill felt so good after fulfilling her dream that she felt inspired to play another game.
Makes sense, since the freshman forward for Division III Mount St. Joseph's stirred a capacity crowd just by taking the court.
Much depends on Hill's health and energy as she deals with an inoperable brain tumor that has left her with just months to live. In between making two layups that started and finished Sunday's 66-55 victory over Hiram College and brought a crowd of 10,250 to its feet, she spent much of her inspiring game sitting on the bench wearing sunglasses and headphones.
Hill's condition has made her extremely sensitive to sensations her teammates and opposing players take for granted, but she still enjoyed the bright gym and the cheering crowd. And she certainly savored her two baskets on a day she will never forget.
"This game was amazing," Hill said. "It was awesome in every way. It's a dream come true. To play on a college court, to put my foot down on the floor and hear the roar of the crowd — I just love it so much. I love basketball.
"Everything that happened today was amazing. I'm truly happy, it's a really good day."
Hill made an uncontested left-handed layup for the opening basket off a bounce pass from redshirt sophomore Taylor Brown, who missed last season with a knee injury. The tumor affects Hill's coordination, forcing the right-hander to shoot with her left hand.
She also made the last shot of the game, returning with 26.5 seconds remaining for a right-handed layup.
"That's the one I've been having trouble with," Hill said.
Both shots were greeted with standing ovations from the sellout crowd at Xavier University's 10,000-seat arena, part of an emotional afternoon for Hill that included love and support from stars in several sports. Tennessee women's coach Pat Summitt was in attendance, along with an impressive list of WNBA players that included Elena Delle Donne, Delisha Milton-Jones, Tamika Catchings and Skylar Diggins.
"She lets you know what's important," Milton-Jones said of Hill.
Moved by the response — especially after receiving two awards, including the U.S. Basketball Writers Association's Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award normally awarded at the Final Four — Hill said of her disease: "We're gonna fight this."
Hill's determination to play while raising awareness about pediatric cancer has created a fan base that goes far beyond the school located on the outskirts of Cincinnati.
The 19-year-old native of Lawrenceburg, Indiana, has received support from across the country. Teams and players have signed and sent No. 22 jerseys to Hill, including 15 from high schools that lined the Lions' bench.
There were plenty of posters and supportive signs, and several fans held up large yellow cutouts that said "Lauren 22."
Hill started an online layup challenge that involves spinning around five times and shooting a layup with the non-dominant hand. Similar to this summer's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge that became a social media phenomenon, the fundraising campaign (#Layup4Lauren) has captured the attention of Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton and other athletes.
The Bengals showed a video of her layup during a timeout in Sunday's 33-23 home win against Jacksonville. Defensive tackle Devon Still —whose daughter, Leah, 4, is also being treated for cancer — wore Hill's name on his eye black; left tackle Andrew Whitworth had the No. 22 on his gloves.
Videos were shown with teams meeting the challenge — with missed layups — and challenging others.
Fundraising by The Cure Starts Now Foundation totaled more than $40,000. The NCAA allowed the game to be moved up two weeks because of the urgency of Hill's condition.
Lauren Hildebrand and daughter Allie, a Lawrenceburg High School sophomore, were among 3,000 fans from Hill's hometown in attendance, including the school's pep band. Allie Hildebrand was Hill's "little sister" during the player's senior year and said handling her friend's illness was difficult.
"You can't cry in front of her," Hildebrand said. "You don't want to get upset in front of her. That makes her upset."
Tears were conspicuously absent in the arena on an upbeat day that celebrated Hill's perseverance. Mount St. Joseph's coach Dan Benjamin said things got emotional afterward, but Hill wasn't having it in a game she has waited for.
"She looked tired on the bus," Benjamin said, "but once she saw that floor, there was a ton of energy."
That was obvious when a smiling Hill entered the floor for warmups. Her mood lifted the spirits of several children enduring various forms of cancer. That included Cynthia Towne, 11, who undergoes periodic chemotherapy for an inoperable though less-aggressive form of cancer first diagnosed at 4.
The little girl from Cincinnati grinned widely as she gave Hill a specially made headband sporting the word "Believe" with a yellow ribbon in the middle. Encouraged by recent diagnoses for her daughter, Katie Towne said Sunday was nonetheless bittersweet.
"I'm happy for the joy of her getting her wish coming true, not only for raising awareness but also for being able to play in this game," Towne said of Hill. "But there's also sadness knowing that how much awareness she brings right now, she won't get to reap the benefits personally."
"That's what's amazing; she did this, knowing that," Towne said.
___
AP Sports Writer Joe Kay and freelancer Mark Schmetzer contributed to this report.
Recommend

Airtel Hikes Post-Paid Rentals by 12 Per Cent in Delhi NCRMaruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
New Delhi: Airtel, India's biggest telecom operator, has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December in Delhi NCR.
"Effective 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month," Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
When contacted, Airtel spokesperson said, "There is only a marginal revision in the monthly rentals of few of our postpaid plans in Delhi-NCR with no change in the plan benefits. We continue to offer excellent value proposition to customers."
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users.
Last week, Bharti Airtel had reported a nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after the number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 21:14 (IST)

Oil Minister to Write to States to Allow Benefits of Price Cuts to PublicYou are here: Home Economy
Oil Minister to Write to States to Allow Benefits of Price Cuts to Public
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 00:34 (IST)
Nomura Upbeat on India, Sees FY15 GDP Growth at 5.5%
Patna: The Centre will soon write to the states to bring uniformity in the Value Added Tax (VAT) on oil products so that benefits of price cuts filter down to the masses, Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Monday.
"We have cut down the prices of petrol and diesel by around Rs 5 to Rs 5.50 since Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister. It has a straight impact on inflation, but whether the benefits filter down to the public or not depends on the taxes imposed on petroleum products by the state governments," Mr Pradhan told reporters.
"I am going to write to all Chief Ministers to bring uniformity in VAT on petroleum products and keep it under a bandwidth so that benefits of price cuts go down to the public," he said.
The Union Minister was in the state to attend the second death anniversary of veteran BJP leader Kailashpati Mishra.
Mr Pradhan, who is a Rajya Sabha member from Bihar, said states impose varied taxes on petroleum products to shore up their revenues and it depends on their market wisdom to decide whether they keep taxes lower and sell more, or let the prices remain high and sell less.
Subsidy on LPG would stay and it would be transferred to bank accounts of consumers throughout the country from January 1, 2015, he said.
"Right now a subsidy of Rs 426 is being given on cooking gas cylinders. We are launching the scheme of transferring it directly to the bank accounts of consumers in 54 districts of the country from November 15. The system will be made operational across the country from January 1 next year," he said.
Mr Pradhan said Saudi Arabia, which supplies 20 per cent of crude oil imports of India, wants to invest in the petroleum sector in the country.
"I visited Saudi Arabia recently and witnessed positive sentiments about India. It earlier used to provide only oil to us, but now it is strongly requesting to go beyond buyer-seller relations and invest in our country."
The leading oil producing West Asian country would be opening a business development office in India in the coming days, an outcome of the Prime Minister's efforts to check the economic slowdown, as well as, remove indecisiveness in decision making, the Union Minister said.
"I have also told Saudi Arabia that there is no need to hold minister-level consultations at a gap of two years. We will now hold the next consultation in early 2015," he said.
Mr Pradhan said the Centre has fixed the new gas price in the country at 5.6 dollars per MMBTU (million metric British thermal units).
"Gas price was earlier 4.2 dollar per MMBTU. The UPA government tried to increase it to 9.45 dollar, but we fixed it at 5.6 per MMBTU. We took this decision because gas prices have direct impact on the prices of fertilisers."
The Union Minister said ONGC Videsh Limited was doing exceedingly well and doing good business.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 22:40 (IST)

SUUTI Receives 7 Bids for ETF Fund Manager Mandate: ReportMaruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
New Delhi: As government seeks to raise Rs 15,000 crore by sale of residual stakes in ITC, L&T and Axis Bank, it has received seven bids from fund houses for managing an exchange traded fund (ETF) created for this purpose.
Government holds these shares - 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank - through Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI).
While ICICI Securities has been appointed as advisor for selection of a fund house for managing an ETF for monetizing these SUUTI shares, sources said that at least seven bids have been received for the mandate.
The bidders include SBI Mutual Fund, UTI MF, Reliance Asset Management Management, ICICI Prudential MF, Kotak MF, Birla Sun Life MF, and a consortium of Edelweiss and Sundaram Mutual Funds.
The government had sold a 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank held through SUUTI in March this year through the bulk deal on the stock exchanges. Formed in 2003, SUUTI is an offshoot of the erstwhile UTI (Unit Trust of India).
The proposed ETF will serve as an additional mechanism for the government to monetise its shareholdings in SUUTI and other selected CPSEs that eventually form part of the ETF basket.
The last date for submitting bids to SUUTI was October 28. According to sources, one fund manager would be selected out of these seven bids.
As per the bid documents, the ETF could be launched as a New Fund Offer (NFO) followed by further tranches and/or a tap structure, and SUUTI and government may provide appropriate discount for different investors, in the form of a suitable mix of upfront and back-end loyalty discount.
The proposed ETF will be launched as a close-ended structure, it said.
In March, the government had successfully launched the ETF comprising shares of 10 PSUs. The ETF has registered handsome gains since its launch.
The government proposes to raise Rs 15,000 crore in the current fiscal year through sale of residual stakes in private companies. It plans to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sale in PSUs.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 22:18 (IST)

A Homestead Act for the 21st Centuryreddit
When the U.S. government wanted people to settle the western frontier, it gave them land, not a loan. Today, when the government seeks to promote home ownership, it offers cheap debt. That creates bad incentives and risks financial instability. American history teaches us that the government should subsidize home equity, not mortgage debt.
The Homestead Act of 1862 specified that anyone over 21 could obtain a grant of 160 acres of public land. After living on and farming the land for five years, including building a home and paying a filing fee of $18 (about $425 in current dollars), the land would be theirs.
Mortgage subsidies through federal agencies are the modern-day version of the Homestead Act. But unlike the land grants of the 19th century, government loan subsidies have proven to be a rather bad idea.  They drive up prices and increase the size of the average house, at the same time that they encourage people with little savings and highly variable incomes to purchase homes and shoulder the risks of house price fluctuations. The result -- as we saw in the "subprime crisis" -- was ruinous for the borrowers, the lenders and the economy as a whole.
Astonishingly, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), the regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, appears inclined to replay this disaster movie. It is working to provide government guarantees on mortgages where borrowers put down as little as three percent of the purchase price. In the face of competition from the Federal Housing Administration -- which also aggressively subsidizes housing debt -- Fannie's chief recently emphasized that it "wants this business."
Taxpayers and financial regulators should be appalled . Instead of lowering minimum down payments, the U.S. government should be raising them to reduce the probability of default and protect the financial system.
Naturally, many people would benefit from a return to the pre-crisis status quo. There are the federal agencies' own employees and managers; real estate brokers; mortgage originators and servicers; builders and construction workers; and finally, the homeowners who can borrow up to $625,500 (the current limit for loans in high-cost areas that conform to Fannie and Freddie's guidelines) at a below-market rate.
Collectively, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that Fannie and Freddie subsidies for new mortgages over the period 2015-2023 will average around $2.5 billion per year. The recipients of these benefits are so numerous that is hard to imagine how you would start to organize effective political opposition.
One might hope (as policymakers did) that these housing subsidies boost U.S. home ownership. Yet, despite the massive federal interventions, the rate of U.S. home ownership currently stands at 65 percent, the lowest level since 1995.
Whether boosting home ownership further is a worthy policy goal is debatable. In Germany and Switzerland, two affluent nations, roughly half of the residents are renters.
But if U.S. policymakers insist, they should follow the example set by President Abraham Lincoln in 1862. First, to be effective in boosting home ownership, focus the subsidy on first-time buyers or on houses below the current median sales price of existing homes of $210,000. Second, to reduce the threat of financial instability, transform the subsidy from debt support to an equity boost of roughly equal aggregate size.
Call it a 21st century land grant.
Imagine, for example, if the federal government were to match $1 for $1 for low-income families that had saved 10 percent of the value of a starter home, giving them enough capital to put 20 percent down. Keeping the annual cost at the CBO's estimate of $2.5 billion, that would allow the government to subsidize 200,000 purchases of $125,000 homes every year. With a bigger equity cushion, the resulting mortgages would be less risky and easier to securitize. And the equity subsidy also would promote another key public goal -- namely, higher personal savings.
It's easy to see why politicians like debt subsidies. Measuring them is complex, making concealment easier. Debt also postpones the day of reckoning, transferring the eventual burden from current to future taxpayers. Yet, by now, we should all understand how risky and damaging this approach can be, even for the subsidized borrowers.
A Homestead Act for the 21st century that terminates mortgage subsidies can support U.S. homeownership and end the threat to our prosperity posed by today's system of housing finance. If we can't reach that goal today, the least we could do is to halt government moves to make the debt subsidy even riskier.
Note: Previous comments on the FHFA's plans appeared on the authors' blog here.
Follow Stephen G. Cecchetti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@MoneyBanking1
More:

US Stock Indexes Hold Near Records; Crude SlidesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Rajan may cut rates ahead of Dec 2 policy announcementRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may cut interest rates ahead of December 2 policy announcement
Atmadip Ray & Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Rajan has raised the benchmark…)
KOLKATA|MUMBAI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have ignored the overwhelming demand for an interest rate cut at the last meeting of the monetary policy Technical Advisory Committee, but he may find it difficult do so next month ahead of the December 2 policy announcement.
The sliding prices of commodities — from crude oil to tomatoes — along with the still-uncertain economic revival, slowing loan demand and improving governance may all possibly add up to Rajan having to begin easing the interest rate cycle earlier than expected.
Furthermore, the political class may also be getting impatient with the government having tightened up administration.
Some ministers are expecting a cut of as much as 50 basis points in the repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks. Rajan has raised the benchmark rate three times since he took charge in September last year to 8%. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
"Since Indian aggregate demand remains weak, and output is much below potential, if the glide "Rates should be kept to the minimum consistent with anchoring inflation expectations," said Goyal, a member of RBI's Technical Advisory Committee (TAC).
Pressure is mounting on Rajan, who has acquired a reputation as an inflation warrior since taking charge. He's been relentless in his bid to tame prices, making inflation-targeting the main objective of monetary policy. While this has won him admirers in the international investor community and elsewhere, growth-hungry companies believe he is out of sync with reality. Five of the seven members of TAC had sought an interest rate cut during its September meeting, RBI said in a statement on the minutes of the meeting.
Retail inflation dropped to a low of 6.46% in September, below the 8% target for January 2015, and closer to January 2016's target of 6%. But the catch is that once the base effect fades, the measure is expected to accelerate again by early next year. In fact, the RBI model forecasts 7% retail inflation by March 2016, which may be revised lower if commodity prices keep falling.
This has prompted some in the government, which under Narendra Modi has been relatively non-interventionist unlike the previous one, to begin talking up the advantages of an interest rate cut.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive," Arun Jaitley told the ToI in a recent interview. "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates."
Although the prospects of an interest rate cut are brightening, some believe it may not happen at the next policy announcement , but probably after the Union Budget, which may capture government finances in the right light. Also, the RBI governor, who is keen not to repeat the mistakes of the past, may wait to see whether lower prices are sustained. He's said before that it's important not to give up on monetary tightening efforts until the inflation demon has been slain once and for all.
In its September assessment, RBI said monetary policy in disinflationary mode along with normal monsoons next year could mute the momentum of headline inflation.
The favourable base effects from high inflation in June-August 2014 could operate in conjunction to produce an easing inflation trajectory in the middle of 2015-16, it added.
"Given the consistent language that RBI has used in previous policies, it is likely that they will wait a few months more before any rate cut, and await comfort that the current positive trends on inflation can sustain into January 2016 and beyond," said Ananth Narayan, regional head of financial markets, South Asia, at Standard Chartered Bank . As a precursor to the easing cycle, even if Rajan does not lower interest rates, his language may become a lot more dovish, unlike his hawkish stance all along. "We still expect Rajan to cut in February to await greater clarity about meeting the 6% January 2016 target," said Indranil Sengupta, economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch .
"That said, the December policy may get more dovish with September GDP growth likely to slip to about 5% from 5.7% in June. On balance, we grow more confident of a February rate cut."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google eyes tie-ups with Indian smartphone makers | Local languages search engineAndroid L
(At present, most smartphones…)
NEW DELHI: Internet search giant Google plans to tie up with smartphone makers in India to install its Hindi keyboards on the devices that will be sold to millions of users who know the language, the most widely spoken in the country.
The partnerships, which will be similar to the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA) announced on Monday, will also allow the Hindi keyboard to be available through software updates on existing smartphones, making it easier for mobile phone users to type out emails and messages in the local language. "We're looking at setting up a similar alliance with OEMs (original equipment makers) where the Hindi keyboard can be installed as a standard keyboard across OEMs," Kapil Khosla, Google India's product lead, told ET. "Initial discussions are on."
At present, most smartphones have Hindi and language support but when typing out an e-mail or message, the keyboard remains in English, a barrier for users who aren't comfortable with the language.
About 71% of India's 924 million mobile phone users still use feature phones and are being increasingly wooed to shift to smartphones. A feature such as the Hindi keyboard may increase smartphone penetration in India through which most people would have their first Internet experience.
On Monday, Google announced the ILIA - a partnership with content makers and technology providers that will focus on bringing regional content to Internet users in India. It also launched a Hindi keyboard, voice search in Hindi and hindiweb.com, a portal that will help users find Hindi-related content like such as websites, blogs, apps and videos.
"The biggest barrier for adoption of Internet in India now is language," said Rakesh Deshmukh, Co-Founder and CEO of Firstouch, one of ILIA's founding members. "A lot of people who want to use Internet prefer not to because they are intimidated by the use of English on these devices."
Google aims to change this and is likely to find a lot of takers in native language speaking rural areas who make up a large proportion of India's mobile phone users.
Khosla said smartphones which get Android L, the upcoming version of Google's operating system, would automatically have the Hindi keyboard installed on the devices.
Android One devices, which are backed by Google and sold by domestic handset vendors Micromax , Karbonn and Spice , along with Google Nexus and Motorola smartphones are likely to be the first ones to get the Android L operating system. Google is yet to announce the date for the update's availability in India.
"India is adding 5 million Internet users every month and all of them are on mobile. Our aim is to get 500 million users online by 2017," said Rajan Anandan , Vice President and MD of Google India .
Amit Singhal, Google's senior vice president of search, said the Internet giant's mission is to ensure the world's information is universally accessible, and this includes millions of users in India who are about to come online for the first time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Myntras Bansal to play a larger role at Fli...Myntra’s Mukesh Bansal to play a larger role at Flipkart after reshuffle
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Employees at the Bengaluru…)
BENGALURU: Flipkart has reshuffled its top management, handing more responsibility toMukesh Bansal, the founder of fashion portal Myntra which was acquired by India's largest online retailer earlier this year.The rejig will also result in a higher profile for Ankit Nagori, the marketplace head who will also now oversee general merchandise and book-retailing, the business Flipkart began life with.
"The moves are part of a larger organisational rehaul," said two people with directknowledge of the process. Employees at the Bengaluru company were informed about these changes in an email on Monday morning sent by founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal.
The email also announced the return of Kalyan Krishnamurthy, the company's interim chief financial officer, to Tiger Global which is one of the leading investors in Flipkart.
"The intention is very clear,"said another person, who works in a consulting capacity with Flipkart. The seven-year-old company which received funding of over $1.2 billion (.`7,300 crore) this year has so far focusedonoperations."Nowthe model — inventory, marketplace and private brands — has become more important.
Each model will play a different role for the company," said the source. While private brands will bring in profitability, growingthemarketplacewillbringscale. A spokeswoman for Flipkart who termed the organisational changes as regular said "realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environmentweoperate in".
Ever since it acquired fashion portal Myntra in May, Flipkart has turned to Myntraco-founderMukeshBansalasthe lead person for functions ranging from fashion to now marketing. He will also take care of additional categories like computers and consumer electronics where Flipkart hopes to create and aggressively market private label brands, including in-house tablet brand DigiFlip .
Nagori,who is driving the growth of the marketplace will also oversee books and general merchandise sales. While former marketing chief Ravi Vora has been tasked to "build consumer brands from the ground up", according to a person with direct knowledge of the developments. Experts are of the view that such restructuring is expected as the Indian online retail industry turns into a battleground between three top contenders - Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal.
"Flipkart has come through the battle of gettingthebasicsinplace,theyhaveto now prepare for the next level of battle with a very aggressive Amazon and Snapdeal ,"saidRanjanDas,chairmanat The Strategy Academy and professor of strategicmanagementat IIM-Calcutta.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Softbank buys ScoopWhoop stakeBharti Softbank buys ScoopWhoop stake
Fusion s  Midterm MayhemEXPLORE.ORG: Great Dane Puppy Service - Indoor Puppy Room
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund: BuyTweet
The fund has invested about 60 per cent of its total assets in large-cap, growth stocks
The economic indicators are improving and stock prices have run up with them. But here’s a fund, which can help you identify high-growth companies even in this scenario and shield you from volatility.
Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund seeks to invest in good quality companies which have potential to grow faster than the economy and yet remain sturdy during corrective phases. The fund’s flexibility to switch allocation across market cap curves can also shield your portfolio during such turbulent times.
The fund has invested about 60 per cent of its total assets in large-cap stocks; this can help it tackle market falls better than its benchmark — CNX 500 Index. Investors with a high risk appetite and a three- to five-year horizon can invest a portion of their surplus in this fund.
Steady outperformance
Despite its large-cap skew, the fund has outperformed its benchmark CNX 500 Index by a significant margin across one-, three- and five-year time frames. Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund scores high on consistency too.
Over the last five years, the fund has been successful in outpacing its benchmark returns almost 80 per cent of the time.
The fund not only outperformed the CNX 500 Index during rally phases but also managed to contain downsides during market falls. For instance, between January and August 2013, the fund’s NAV declined 14 per cent, lower than the 16 per cent fall for the CNX 500 Index.
Its strategy to take refuge in defensive themes such as IT and pharma helped it fare better than its benchmark. The fund managers’ decision to raise cash levels during such volatile phases also aided performance.
A systematic monthly investment in Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund over the last five years would have yielded annual returns of almost 26 per cent.
The fund has increased its holding in stocks in the cyclical sectors such as financials, industrial products and capital goods in the last six months. Even as it pruned exposure to IT and pharma, it has been a buyer in FMCG stocks since April this year. Also, the fund’s cash holding, as of September, was at 6.2 per cent of total assets, higher than the 3 per cent level at the end of May 2014.
The fund held 39 stocks in its portfolio as of September, making it rather compact. ICICI Bank (5.6 per cent) and Axis Bank (5.2 per cent) were the top holdings.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

HPCL to resume ops in Vizag refinery in 2-3 monthsHPCL to resume full operations in Vizag refinery in 2-3 months, say sources
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 10:38 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-owned oil and natural gas company Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) expects to resume full operations at its 166,000 barrels per day Vizag refinery in two to three months, after it was severly affected by Hudhud cyclone, a company source told Reuters on Sunday.
The refinery is currently operating at 80-90 per cent of its capacity as its cooling towers were damaged by cyclone Hudhud last month.
"Both the cooling towers were badly affected by the cyclone. It will take us two to three months to get them back in full shape," said the source with knowledge of the matter.
The source declined to be identified as he is not authorised to talk to media.
(Reuters)

Here s how Indians are reacting to the new Maruti CiazTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Khadi sales up by 125% after Modis appealPrint
New Delhi, Nov 2 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday said the sale of khadi products had gone up by almost 125 percent since he urged the people to opt for the hand-woven cotton fabric.
"I was told that khadi sales increased by almost 125 percent," Modi said on the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on All India Radio which was aired at 11.00 a.m. on Sunday.
"I urged people to purchase khadi last time. I never said become khadiwadi but I said buy some khadi. There was increase in khadi (sales)," he added.
He said his appeal had evoked response because people have started caring about the country.
"The youth of the nation want to do something and are doing things. People care. People now want to take up social responsibilities," Modi said.
Earlier, launching his "Make in India" campaign, Modi had also asked people to buy "at least one khadi product".
Following his appeal on his first radio address on Oct 3, outlets run by state-run Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) saw a jump in sales.
At KVIC headquarters in Mumbai, officials said there has been a substantial rise in the sales after Modi's appeal.
"In Mumbai, 138 stalls at KVIC headquarters made a daily sale of Rs.7-8 lakh this year. Last year, the sale had averaged Rs.2-3 lakh," said Rajan Babu, director-marketing, KVIC.
"According to initial reports, within 10 days of Modi's call, the Khadi Bhandar at Connaught Place in New Delhi started registering daily sales of around Rs.50 lakh while there has been a definite rise across 7,000 outlets in the country," he added.
Addressing the nation for the second time in successive months -- the address was televised on Doordarshan too, Modi also said his government was on the right track to bring back black money and there would be no bias towards anyone.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

FiveThirtyEight is hoping to make another splash - this time in Tuesdays US midterm electionsNate Silver’s FiveThirtyEight goes for gold at ESPN
Matthew Garrahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d55f0a54-634b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A day after blast  Pakistan holds high-voltage Beating Retreat ceremonyComments
A day after the suicide bomb attack on Pakistani side of the border, Pakistani Rangers went ahead with a high-voltage Beating Retreat ceremony on their side by allowing around 3,000 visitors to witness the event, leaving BSF officials unhappy as the gallery on the India side was empty.
The Pakistani Rangers had requested the BSF on Sunday night that they were not in a position to hold the retreat ceremony for three days and the BSF had agreed to it after a formal announcement. Thousands of Indian tourists were stopped three kilometres away from the border due to this reason.
However, the Pakistani Rangers at about 4pm on Monday informed the BSF at the zero line that they wanted to hold the ceremony. BSF agreed to to hold a ‘low profile’ ceremony after which the two sides will lower down their respected flags.
The BSF officials including the top brass were surprised at about 4.50pm when a large number of tourists started pouring in the Pakistani gallery. There were loudspeakers, national flags and slogan-shouting by thousands of tourists on the Pakistani side but the Indians Gallery looked deserted with not even a single person sitting there.
Soon the Rangers and the BSF started the ceremony. Postures remained very aggressive from both the forces, as heavy foot stomping was seen. However the BSF jawans had cut the length of the parade as they never came from a longer distance to approach the gate. It was around 15 minute’s parade that saw lot of response from Pakistani side.
Visibly unhappy over this, BSF IG Punjab Frontier, Ashok Kumar said, “We have not liked whatever has happened. It was Pakistani Rangers who requested us that they were not in a position to hold ceremony last night. But today at 4pm they requested that they want to hold ceremony. So we also held it.”
But nothing was told about the tourists or public. We have not liked it. Definitely we will take up the matter with Pakistan Rangers, IG Stressed.
On a question, the IG said, “We had done our ceremony and lowered the flag with respect. The morale of the BSF troops is very high and we have made adequate arrangements to deal with any situation. We will be holding the full fledged ceremony from Tuesday and tourists will be allowed.”
Pakistan Reaction
The Pakistan side defended their decision to hold the ceremony. "We have decided in a meeting this afternoon to allow the general public to come and watch the flag-lowering ceremony," Pakistan's Punjab Rangers spokesman Maj Shahid Abbas said. "Since we have cleared off the blast site after collecting the forensic evidence, there was no point in closing the Parade Avenue for the public," he told PTI. Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony had been communicated to the BSF by the Rangers.
Thousands of Indian Tourists disappointed
After the BSF announced that no ceremony will take place for the next three days, many tourists were stopped three kilometres away from the border.
Unhappy, Raaj Patole, who had come with a contingent of 78 people from Maharashtra said, “We are left disappointed. We had come especially to see the border.” The tourists were seen raising slogans of ‘Hindustan Zindabad’ before moving back.
Watch: Pakistan holds beating retreat ceremony
21 people, including a suicide bomber, arrested in Pakistan
Meanwhile, Pakistani officials said at least 21 people, including a suicide bomber, were arrested and explosives and a suicide vest recovered on Monday as the country was on red alert with Muharram processions by Shia Muslims underway.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among those killed in the attack that took place about 500 metres from the border on the Pakistani side at 6.12pm on Sunday after the ceremony was over.
Trade between India and Pakistan through the Attari-Wagah road route, estimated to be worth around  Rs. 3,000 crore annually, came to a halt following the attack.
(With inputs from PTI)

Coal India October Output Beats Target for First Time in 7 MonthsYou are here: Home Corporates
Coal India October Output Beats Target for First Time in 7 Months
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 16:40 (IST)
Maruti Defers Seeking Shareholders Nod for Gujarat Plant
New Delhi: Coal India Ltd's production beat its target in October, the first time in seven months, as the state-owned miner opened a major mine and there were no rain-related disruptions.
The world's largest coal miner, which has missed its annual production targets for years due to its inefficiency and other reasons, is under pressure from the Narendra Modi government to quickly boost output to cater to fuel-starved power plants.
The company produced 40.2 million tonnes last month, higher than its target of 39.74 million, it said in a statement on Monday. April-October production, however, was 97 per cent of its target.
Scrambling to add new mines and expand capacity, Coal India started production in July at a 12-million-tonnes-per-year mine, its first major new project in at least five years.
The mine is ramping up production but a lack of rail connectivity means it has been able to sell very little.
The company failed to meet its offtake target for October and faces an uphill task of meeting its goal for this fiscal year ending March 31, a Coal India official said. He declined to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media.
Sixty one of India's 103 power plants had the dry fuel enough to last less than four days as of Thursday mainly due to lower supplies from Coal India, which accounts for more than 80 per cent of the country's total production. India sits on the world's fifth-largest reserves but is the third largest importer of the fuel. This has forced Prime Minister Modi to open up the sector to commercial mining by private companies incorporated in India.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Nate Silvers quest to reinvent journalismNate Silver’s FiveThirtyEight goes for gold at ESPN
Matthew Garrahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d55f0a54-634b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Development Folks  What Can We Learn From the Private Sectorreddit
In a private market--when I buy a sandwich--there is a direct or "short route" of accountability between the customer (me) and the sandwich provider. I pay her directly, I know whether I got a sandwich or not, and If I don't like the sandwich, I can go elsewhere--and the provider knows that. For [public] services the accountability becomes an indirect one, where citizens influence politicians for the services they want, and the politicians in turn have to influence service providers to deliver the services. There are now at least two places where accountability can break down.
In this quote, Shanta Devarajan, Chief Economist of the World Bank's Middle East and North Africa Region, describes the often longer " route of accountability " within the public sector, as compared to the private sector. The indirect relationship to the customer makes quality service delivery more complicated. In many developing countries, significant amounts of public funds are spent by governments and donors on public services (e.g. sanitation, health, and education) but government officials might choose to allocate the funding elsewhere and/or corruption causes the funds to disappear altogether. Moreover, even if funds are correctly allocated, they may be woefully inadequate or the services provided may be inefficiently delivered and/or of low quality.
When public health doctors or teachers fail to show up at work, they likely know that higher-level public officials are uninterested or unable to hold them accountable for their absenteeism. Mutual favors (e.g. voting for politicians) can play a role and if public officials act in their own interest, they usually lack political incentives to improve service delivery. In the end, citizens - especially the poor - bear the brunt of low-quality public services (a challenge some 'developed' countries also face to varying degrees).
Service delivery within the private sector is generally based on the understanding that success stems from listening to customers' preferences and adapting products and services accordingly. It may seem like a pretty straight-forward market-based approach, but in the public sector, the situation is often quite different as communication flows mainly top-down. If governments, service providers, and donors learned from the private sector and treated recipients of public services like actual customers, greater sustainable development could be achieved.
If public sector customers had communication channels they could use to exercise "voice" and pressure, they could also help shape performance incentives and alter political behavior. When citizens are empowered to actively hold politicians accountable, the likelihood increases that politicians in turn will hold service providers accountable. This two-way communication is particularly critical within the public sector as there are many places along the service delivery route where accountability can break down. More importantly, this open dialogue between citizens and government builds trust .
CITIZENS AT THE HEART OF SERVICE DESIGN AND DELIVERY
Although there are no quick-fix solutions to public service improvement, engaging citizens to provide service feedback and empowering them to exercise pressure is a fundamental stepping stone. While citizen engagement is not a new concept in the development community, it is still far from being the norm.
All too often, the poor end up paying disproportionally high prices for low quality services and incomplete projects. Governments and donors cannot continue rigidly applying already developed models for service delivery - it is time to design new governance models that place citizens at the heart of service delivery.
The poor end up paying disproportionally high prices for low quality services and incomplete projects. It is time for governments, public service providers and donors to place citizens at the heart of service delivery.
Global experiences suggest that social accountability tools can help ensure that governments, public service providers, and donors do more than pay lip service to their commitments by fostering genuine citizen-state collaboration. Good examples of this include facilitating legislation on access to information and training on utilizing the information for change. When citizens have access to government data -- and know to use it -- they can learn about their entitlements and find out how public resources are allocated and demand change.
We must not forget the critical role that the media plays in checking public spending, exposing corruption, and stimulating public debate. Through training , media practitioners can learn how to access and interpret public spending data and create narratives that are easily understandable for the public. There are numerous examples of how the "demystification" of spending data has ignited chain reactions leading to improved services and ultimately, improved development outcomes.
Finally, we should take notes from the private sector's success with customer feedback systems and customer response processes -- notwithstanding the known imperfections of some private sector practices. We can also acknowledge the immense progress many public sector institutions have made in this respect -- equally worth emulating! If governments and donors mainstream such customer/citizen-centric approaches more systematically within their programs, they'll be better able to "put the customer first" and improve development outcomes for all.
Follow Jeff Thindwa on Twitter: @JeffThindwa
Follow Jeff Thindwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffThindwa
More:

Fresh polls likely in Delhi as parties tell L-G they wont form govtComments
Delhi is likely to have elections soon as leaders from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and AAP informed lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung on Monday they still did not have the numbers to form a government.
Party leaders met Jung though the day to discuss the possibility of forming a government in Delhi which has been under President’s Rule since the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government quit in February after being in office for 49 days.
 
“L-G held consultations with the leaders of the three political parties to explore the possibility of government formation. All the parties expressed their inability to form the government,” said an official statement from the L-G’s office.
Jung announced plans to look at forming a government after the Supreme Court last week slammed the Centre and the L-G over what it termed the “Delhi deadlock”.
Delhi has been gripped by political uncertainty for about eight months, with none of the three parties in a position to form a government. The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
The BJP is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive wins in the Lok Sabha and recent assembly elections.
  
BJP sources said they want to go for fresh elections in February and form a government with a clear majority. A BJP delegation led by its Delhi president, Satish Upadhyay, and senior leader and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung on Monday.
“We have made our stand clear to the lieutenant governor. Our party has been maintaining since the beginning that we will not indulge in any kind of manipulation,” said Upadhyay.
Congress legislator Haroon Yusuf also told Jung that his party wanted the Delhi assembly dissolved. “We have been consistent on our stand that no party has numbers to give a stable government in Delhi and this is what we told the L-G also. We recommended that the house should immediately be dissolved and fresh elections be announced in the Capital,” he told reporters after meeting Jung.
While speculation about Congress MLAs breaking away from the party to support the AAP and BJP was rife, the Congress party managed to keep its flock together in the past few months.
 
The AAP, which has repeatedly accused the BJP of trying to poach its legislators to form the government in Delhi, reiterated it was in favour of elections.
“Our stand is what it was eight months ago. We want the Delhi assembly to be dissolved,” said AAP leader Manish Sisodia  after meeting Jung along with Kejriwal.

15-yr-old serial rapist Detained for 2  probe on in 4The police on Monday apprehended a 15-year-old boy who they said raped two minor girls in south Delhi’s Amar Colony early this year. The teenager was also facing a probe in four more such cases, they said.
Advertisement
He was apprehended from a juvenile drug de-addiction centre in south-east Delhi where he was under treatment for the last few weeks, said sources.
“His exact age is 15 years and nine months. We are looking at his involvement in the other cases as well,” a police officer told HT on condition of anonymity.
Rising juvenile crime has led to a demand for changes in law. Maximum punishment that an underage delinquent can get is three years and that too in a reform home.
Involvement of a minor in the Delhi gang rape of a trainee physiotherapist and two boys in a Mumbai Shakti Mill case triggered a debate over the blanket immunity that the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000 gives to underage delinquents even to those involved in rape and murder.
A resident of Amar Colony, the teenager worked at an eatery when he raped a 10-year-old girl a few months ago, investigating officials alleged. He offered her a candy, took her to a nearby godown and raped her, the girl said in her complaint.
He raped a seven-year-old when he was on Diwali leave from the de-addiction centre, the police said. He took the girl to the terrace of an under-construction building near Garhi village in the neighbourhood and raped her, the seven-year-old’s father said.
A labourer, the man told the police that the boy had tried to strangle his daughter but fled when she raised an alarm.
CCTV footage from a camera installed in the local market helped them zero in on the accused, the police said. One of the victims identified the boy, they said.
 
The teenager told the police of a troubled childhood, said sources. He lost his parents at an early age and was living with his maternal grandmother, sources said. He was seven when a neighbor sodomised him. His friends, said sources, introduced him to drugs and alcohol, turning him into an addict.

Bank of America online banking restoredBank of America online banking restored
Bank of America
Bank of America. (Justin Sullivan)
Bank of America online banking down
“Online banking is temporarily unavailable,” Bank of America says
Bank of America's online banking system was restored on Monday after an early afternoon disruption.
The bank acknowledged the problem on its website and responded to complaints from frustrated users on Twitter.
Online banking was restored as of mid-afternoon central time. It appeared the system malfunctioned for at least a few hours around midday.

Why the Timing Isn t Right for TransCanada s Energy East Pipelinereddit
The newly filed application for TransCanada's $12 billion Energy East pipeline project may as well have been wrapped in a Canadian flag when it was delivered to the regulator. It's full of talk about freeing motorists in eastern Canada from their dependence on imported oil from volatile geopolitics locales such as Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Nigeria, and Venezuela. That's the pitch at any rate. The real motivation has more to do with simple economics than it does nation building.
Canada's oilpatch is bound and determined to find a way to get land-locked Alberta bitumen to tidewater, which would give it entrée to the higher prices that global refineries pay for feedstock. Big Oil is also acutely aware that a major new pipeline project is a critical piece of its huge expansion plans for the oil sands.
The first choice was obviously the Keystone XL project, which would take oil to the Gulf coast, but the cross-border permissions needed to get that off the ground are proving harder to secure than nearly anyone might have guessed. Enbridge's Northern Gateway project was next up, but stiff opposition from First Nations and environmental groups continues to keep it in limbo. The back-up plan to the back-up plan now sees oil heading east to New Brunswick, where it can be loaded onto seaborne tankers on the Atlantic.
As might be expected, shipping oil across the breadth of the country is proving to be a harder sell to the rest of Canada than industry had hoped. It's why a project that's really about exporting raw bitumen to foreign refineries is instead being sold as a way to reduce the risks to Canada of buying oil from far-flung producers. According to TransCanada, the pipeline will allow Canadian oil to displace foreign barrels in eastern refineries, a substitution which will ultimately put the country's energy profile on safer footing.
It's a nice story, but does it stand up to scrutiny? According to Statistic Canada's data on international merchandise trade, the countries headlining the worry list are all marginal suppliers. In the first eight months of the year, Saudi Arabia accounted for less than 8 percent of eastern Canada's oil imports. Algeria less than 5 percent, Nigeria 1 percent, and Venezuela didn't ship any at all.
Refineries in eastern Canada are of course being supplied by imported oil, but it's not coming from Middle Eastern dictatorships or revolutionary regimes in South America. By and large, it's heading here on rail car from the U.S.
Oil production in the lower 48 is soaring, which is great for the industry but also comes with its own challenges for producers. Rules implemented in the 1970s means unrefined U.S. crude can't be exported to any other country in the world except for Canada. It's a legacy of the energy crisis that raises a question about how badly Canadian refineries might actually need the bitumen promised by Energy East. Indeed, a closer look shows that refineries in Quebec and New Brunswick are hardly wanting for feedstock.
The reversal of Enbridge's Line 9 will mean that Suncor's refinery in Montreal will be amply supplied, and Valero, similarly, says its refinery near Quebec City will be filled nearly exclusively with North American product by the end of the year. Meanwhile, the Irving refinery in St. John expects to secure more of its feedstock from the U.S. once a second oil-loading terminal is built in the area.
If approved, then, where exactly will the oil being shipped on Energy East end up? In all likelihood, unprocessed bitumen from Alberta would be exported to foreign refineries throughout the Atlantic basin.
Before a major cross-country project breaks ground, however, it's worth asking whether refiners in Europe, South America, or western Africa need Alberta bitumen any more than do their counterparts in eastern Canada.
Oil prices have already dropped to around $80 a barrel and, according to a recent forecast by Goldman Sachs, could average only $75 by the second half of next year.
While those prices aren't going to cause any existing oil sands operations to shut down, the muted outlook for commodity prices is already prompting large players to shelve plans for new projects. It's a development that TransCanada and its shareholders need to consider.
Although the company has undoubtedly secured agreements from bitumen producers to supply Energy East, such deals only matter if global oil prices are high enough to provide enough economic incentive to continue expanding oil sands production. If tomorrow's crude prices won't cover producer costs and offer a reasonable rate of return, then oil won't flow,
Timing, as it's said, is everything and Energy East's is off on two fronts. First, U.S. oil production is now more than enough to supply eastern Canadian refineries. Second, lower global oil prices indicate that refineries in the rest of the world aren't exactly scrambling to secure expensive Alberta bitumen either.
A few years ago an economic case could have been made to break ground on a major new pipeline project from the oil sands, but that time has now come and gone.
Follow Jeffrey Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jeffrubin
More:

Chicago gets its first Shake Shack1
Q: Why should someone come to Shake Shack instead of any other of the "better burger" places?
A: The first thing I would say is, don't come to Shake Shack instead of your favorite place. We may never be your favorite place. We may never be your favorite Chicago style hot dog. In fact, we don't even do it authentically well. We lost the neon from the relish ... (Meyer said a supplier wouldn't put the coloring in) … I would say come to Shake Shack and soak in the full experience … It may not be the same hospitality you get at Gold Coast or the Wieners Circle, but it's not bad.
Q: Talk a little about the local vendors you're using for this location.
A: We found that frozen custard has been a fantastic canvas for bringing in local bakers, doughnut makers, sometimes coffee roasters, sometimes beer producers.
The Publican is making our sausage for us. The sandwich is topped with our own fried shallots that have been marinating in Shackmeister ale (a beer exclusive to the chain) and then deep fried, and our own cheese sauce, but the sausage is made right here by someone we respect a lot.
Mark Rosati, our culinary director, was working at Gramercy Tavern before Shake Shack. Whenever we go to a new city, Mark will stay there for up to a month meeting chefs, meeting butchers, meeting bakers and literally tasting his way through the city looking for who he thinks is the best version. In Istanbul, he found the best producer of baklava, and that goes into one of our frozen custard desserts. It's fun, because it takes us longer to do it that way but it ends up feeling like we didn't just land on someone else's city like the house in the "Wizard of Oz" landed on the witch's legs.
Q: What do you think of the dining scene in Chicago?
A: I love it. I was just here two weeks ago and I went to a place I adore, which is one block away, called Joe's. I'm also a fan of the James Beard set. … I love the city. It's a very, very particular type of food town. On one hand, Chicago seems to me to be more traditional meat and potatoes food than you'll find in any other town in the country, and then on the other extreme Chicago is willing to push the boundaries of avant garde more than many, many cities. It's kind of fascinating to have both ends of that spectrum represented in one city.
Q: Food costs have gone up in general. How are you keeping control of that?
A: We are using all natural beef from an amazing farm in Kansas called Creekstone. It's no growth hormones, no antibiotics, it's the best of the best. And the price has, in one year, gone up probably a good 60 percent. And, meanwhile, we're trying to keep a lid on our prices (The mainstay ShackBurger costs $4.95 ). We're getting hurt by it, but we just feel that a huge part of this story is value. If you're someone who always ate fast food, for a couple of dollars more you can eat the same quality that you would get in one of our fine dining restaurants. If you're someone who is used to eating in our fine dining restaurants, for a whole lot less you can have the exact same quality. So, we love where this is positioned. I would call this category fine casual. It's certainly not fast. Pricing is a big pressure point.

Beijing looms large in Hong Kongs futureBeijing’s power looms over Hong Kong
Demetri Sevastopulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f27958bc-4a4e-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Slowdown is part of Chinas new economic narrativeSlowdown has become part of China’s new economic narrative
Jamil Anderlini
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eaaef6ca-4a4c-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rising costs squeeze profits of Chinese companiesRising energy, transport and labour costs squeeze profits of Chinese companies
Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f481bc54-4a4d-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian artist in NY raises $2 mn for social ...You are here: Home > Collections > Whatsapp
Indian artist in New York raises $2 million for his social media venture
N Shivapriya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.06AM IST
Tags:
GOQii
(Raghava, who initially…)
MUMBAI: A venture founded by an Indian in New York to build a new kind of social network hasattracted $2 million in angel funding even before its launch. Flipsicle, which started as a project by artist Raghava KK , has been backed by 10-12 investors, including Neeraj Arora of Whatsapp, Vishal Gondal, founder and CEO of technology and fitness firm, GoQii , and Kleiner Perkins' design partner John Maeda.
The venture wants to build a social network that brings together different perspectives on a varietyof subjects. It does that by allowing users to ask questions and respond to them with pictures.
The idea for the venture came from an iPad app Raghava developed for children in 2011, which showed a different perspectives on the same theme when it was shaken — in one instance, it showed a gay couple raising a child, and in the next, a hetrosexual couple raising a child.
Raghava, who initially planned to fund the venture himself or run it as not-for-profit project, decided it would scale a lot faster and have many more users if he built as a company.
"This is a new form of knowing. Right now, our knowledge and social graph doesn't incorporate perspectives," says the Bangalore-born artist .
Flipscle, which went live last week, is available as an app for Android and iOS platforms. The venture is co-founded by his wife, Netra,who isCOOof the firm.
Gondal, who wrote the first cheque for the venture, says he backed the firmbecausehesawit asa breakthroughidea.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to have a  say  in future tech standardsYou are here: Home > Collections > Technology
India to have a 'say' in future tech standards
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 05.37AM IST
Tags:
IEEE
(IEEE is the world's largest…)
BENGALURU: The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers is trying to rope in large IT services companies including TCS and Wipro to have a say in developing international technology standards.
IEEE is the world's largest association of technical professionals with more than 400,000 members in chapters around the world.
The 51-year old institute's first president and CEO outside of North America, J Roberto de Marca, told ET that IEEE will expand its focus to beyond the US and engage with emerging economies such as India, China and Brazil to shape the future of technology.
"I am trying to get participation from emerging economies to make the organisation stronger," Roberto said. "India has one of the largest engineering talents, which can play a big role in shaping the future of technology."
India is the second largest member base for IEEE. Of the 130,000 global members, about 45,000 are based in India. There are also 800 members from India who are part of IEEE's standards association.
"Currently, large technology companies in India work on technology after a technology standard is developed. We now want them to be a part of the standard formation itself, so that these standards can incorporate unique ideas from Indian engineers," Roberto said.
IEEE is in talks with TCS, Wipro, CDAC and KeySight Technologies for their participation. "Initially, we'll sign them up as observers for our meetings on standards and eventually they would also be a part of the discussions," Roberto said.
IEEE is working on various standards on new age technologies such as augmented reality, low voltage DC, Internet of Things, smart grid and cloud computing. The institute is also working with Bureau of Indian Standards, India Smart Grid Forum and CDAC, apart from many other smaller industry forums.
Roberto said India has been contributing quite significantly to augmented reality and low voltage DC technologies and can take the lead in developing standards for such technologies.
"Most devices we use today use DC energy but is fed AC energy, which causes huge energy loss. For example, ceiling fans consume 70 watts of energy with AC. With DC, the fans will work with same efficiency at 18 watts," Roberto said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Knitwear garment export may hit Rs 21000 croreKnitwear garment export may hit Rs 21000 crore
Small investors backSmall investors back
Economic Summit begins todayEconomic Summit begins today
Photos: Naperville Halloween houseCaption Naperville Halloween house
Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention.
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention. (Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune)
Caption Naperville Halloween house
Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention.
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention. (Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune)
Caption Naperville Halloween house
Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention.
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention. (Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune)
Caption Naperville Halloween house
Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention.
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention. (Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune)
Caption Naperville Halloween house
Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention.
A Halloween display at a house in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in Naperville has attracted national attention. (Gary Gibula, for the Chicago Tribune)
The Halloween display at a home in south Naperville is attracting national attention for the dozens of ghosts, goblins and skeletons in the front yard and its dazzling light show set to music.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

How Google wants to rule the smartphone marketE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dabur India Q2 profit up 15.11% at Rs 287.48 crSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Dabur India Ltd today reported 15.11 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 287.48 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had net profit of Rs 249.74 crore in the July- September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
Dabur’s Q2, 2014-15 net sales went up by 10.35 per cent at Rs 1,924.09 crore, compared to Rs 1,743.5 crore in the year- ago period, the company said in a BSE filing.  Dabur’s consumer care business increased by 7.55 per cent to Rs 1,602.82 crore, while foods business grew by 29.20 per cent to Rs 262.79 crore.
Retail business was up by 30.73 per cent at Rs 21.65 crore while other businesses increased by 10.36 per cent to Rs 36.83 crore.
Dabur India CEO Sunil Duggal said: “In a low growth and challenging environment where growth rates in most consumer products segments have witnessed a sharp fall, Dabur continued to report strong volume-led growth across its key categories and grow ahead of the market.
“Our domestic FMCG business continued to perform ahead of the industry and we have ended the quarter with an 8.7 per cent volume growth.”
For the six month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 498.29 crore as against Rs 435.75 crore in the year-ago period. Net sales of the company for the six month period ended September 30, rose to Rs 3,787.99 crore as compared to Rs 3,390.5 crore a year ago.
Dabur shares were trading 2.74 per cent up at Rs 232.10 apiece on the BSE in the afternoon.
TAGS: Dabur India Dabur Profit
More from companies

Effective steps taken to bring back black money: Ravishankar Prasad'PM Modi visits boost India's perception as investment destination'
Slamming the Congress for “doing nothing” on the black money issue, Union Law minister Ravishankar Prasad today said effective steps were being taken to fulfil the commitment of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to bring back “every penny” of black money parked abroad.
“We are initiating effective steps to fulfil the Prime Minister’s commitment to bring back every penny of black money parked abroad to the country,” Prasad told reporters here on arrival from Delhi.
Stating that the NDA government believed in transparency in politics, Prasad said, “Measures within the ambit of law are being taken on the matter.”
While the BJP government has shown firm commitment on the subject of black money, Congress did nothing during its rule on the issue, he said.
Prasad pointed out that at the very first Cabinet meeting, Narendra Modi government had constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) on the black money issue.
The SIT headed by Justice (retd) M B Shah with Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat as its Vice Chairman was constituted for investigation, initiation of proceedings and prosecution in cases involving unaccounted money.
Prasad is here in connection with the second death anniversary of veteran BJP leader Kailashpati Mishra.
TAGS: Black Money Issue Narendra Modi Ravishankar Prasad
More from economy
Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week Government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.

From the discomfort zone: DigitalgraveyardMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Beginning of the digital graveyard by 2025: In my observation of the world, the digital graveyard is imminent from 2025 onwards. A new art revolution is likely to emerge, ideating with the blend of brush, mind and vibrant colours to focus on canvas that portrays the next level of the artist’s imagination for society’s future upliftment, just as the Dada movement from eastern Europe happened exactly a century ago. That was a rebellion against war and society. Since the Internet started, the concept of digital art has proliferated. Software tutors a person to make digital images where originality is barely there, destroying human creativity.
By 2025, people will shift from being zombied armchair travellers on the Internet’s virtual screen to physically travel more for tangible discovery to enjoy different cultures. By 2025, developed countries will bring the revolution of designing the human interface of any product or service to be warm, vibrant and inviting like flesh that will sit on a digital skeleton. This physical touch seduction and feel will inspire innovation in the urge for the next.
Art of mechanical edge: Gramophone, the first musical reproduction entertainment instrument from the last century, had hallucinating design edge. Instrument styles were recognisable, they were very different country-wise and even within competitors in a country. Using the same mechanical function, these delivered outstanding craftsmanship before electrical devices arrived around 1924. But the customer interface of all current digital products look similar, with barely any distinction among them. Due to digital technology, the output will be the same too, so how does the industry differentiate low to high pricing? At least in a low- to high-cost automobile, you can enjoy the basic to luxury difference due to engine, speed, quality and fit and finish. In a mobile handset though, it’s difficult to understand the logic of price differentiation hierarchy.
Mobile phones or tablets are like varieties of rice: Huge R&D spends make the screen size a few inches big or small, there’s an overdose of digital gimmicks with no rationale between need vs the unnecessary. Like varieties of rice, new launches come every six months confusing your two hands, two eyes and one brain. When you travel to a foreign country and forget to switch off mobile data, you suddenly get a bill of R50,000-R1 lakh on returning to India. Totally surprised, you can complain to the service provider, saying you did not use such data abroad, the answer you’ll get is your apps were continuously updating your mobile device. Should the customer get cheated for owning a costly phone and not being trained on its umpteen features? The manufacturer and service provider happily made this lollipop for the masses to suck and be fooled. But the day is coming that’ll send all these things to the digital graveyard.
TV set fooling us: Cumbersome and cubical, yesterday’s TV set takes too much space; bigger the screen, larger the cube. That’s all changed with digital innovation. Now, TVs are slim, with better picture quality and super advantage of wall fixing, saving space. Then came further innovation, curved Panavision TV. Taking you back to occupying the same cubic space at home without further benefit, such torturous innovation after frivolous innovation is discrediting the digital world, blaming it of befooling customers to spend money.
Commoditisation: The interface of digital products is getting totally commoditised due to its linear character. Anybody can mass produce and mass distribute such consuming products, collapsing all entry barriers. Actually, with software driving user connect nowadays, companies perceive hardware is becoming irrelevant. With minimal focus on the hardware interface, products are looking very generic. If it’s so easy to achieve human connect, cosmetics companies like L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, among others, would not have existed. By nature, people always prefer to embellish their look for others in society. So hardware of digital devices also require L’Orealish embellishment.
De-commoditisation: Swatch watch is my favourite example of how to de-commoditise a digital brand. The Swatch strategy has been to disrupt the interface of its digital product. The watch runs digitally on a printed circuit board, but its interface is totally analog driven. Swatch has never allowed the visual face of its digital timing to become generic. While being a low-cost, mass watch since 1981, Swatch still runs a prestigious reputation of being a trendy Swiss brand with a specific Swatch culture. Sales volume has enabled Swatch to grow tremendously profitable, allowing it to acquire most of the premium to luxury global watch brands.
Digital backbone is just a skeleton: The repetitive character of any digital interface is too boring, it kills visual elegance. Much ahead of its time, Swatch has managed to co-opt and embed the digital system as the skeleton inside its products, and titillate customers with a swanky external face. Undoubtedly, nobody can deny that digital technology is the essential backbone. By considering it only as skeleton, the flesh of human skill, creativity and embellishment can grow. At a German airport the other day, I saw a very high-tech Bluetooth wireless headphone. What heightened my thrill was its round carry case with a feel of jute cloth. So everything in this headphone looked analog, while having an outstanding digital skeleton.
Terrorism and other kinds of propaganda and garbage that spread through social networking are influencing children to leave their homes for jihad. I’ve witnessed parents traumatised by such happenings in France. Persons with malicious intention can spy on people who innocently and foolishly virtually expose their personal details for their friends on social networks. People in developed countries where this technology was born and is flourishing, are seriously beginning to revolt against such social espionage that different portals practice.
The digital aspect will never go away, but by 2025, it will be like water and electric light, which are commodities we cannot do without. It will become a basic, inevitable and necessary slave and commodity of human society.
Shombit Sengupta is a global consultant on unique customer centricity strategy to execution excellence for top management. Reach him at www.shiningconsulting.com
TAGS: Digital Graveyard
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Bullishness in markets to continue; earnings  key data to settoneMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The stock market, which has hit back-to-back new highs, is expected to remain bullish in the holiday-shortened week, wherein earnings announcements and key macroeconomic data would dictate the trend, experts say.
Some of the other factors that are likely to impact stock market movement include, trend in global equity markets and investment activity of foreign institutional investors.
Trading would be truncated this week as the stock market would remain closed on Tuesday, November 4, on account of Muharram and on Thursday, November 6, on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
The Sensex concluded last week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent. Similarly, the Nifty finished at 8,322.20, breaching the 8,300-mark for the first time.
“We firmly believe the upward bias will extend further and sectors like banking, auto will continue to outperform in the coming week as well,” Religare Securities President-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
Bonanza Portfolio Associate Fund Manager Hiren Dhakan said, markets would remain bullish for the coming week atleast and 7900-7950 would act as a strong support to Nifty over the medium term.
This week market would see a lot of data pouring in like the HSBC Manufacturing PMI data and HSBC India Services PMI. Besides, auto and cement companies would report their monthly sales figures.
In addition quarterly results would have stock-specific impact this week. Major earnings this week include those from, Dabur India, Hexaware, IRB, Canara Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Jet Airways, L&T, Marico, Syndicate Bank and UCO Bank.
“In the near term, focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives,” Kotak Securities Head- Private Client Group Research Dipen Shah said, adding that Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc.
TAGS: Stock Market
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Wall Street rally fadesUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nissan recalls Infiniti SUVs to fix air bagsMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Nissan says it’s recalling more than 1,800 Infiniti SUVs in the US for an air bag problem that could send shrapnel into the passenger compartment.
The recall covers some QX56 SUVs from 2013 and the QX80s from 2014. The company says inflators made by Takata Corp. were built with an incorrect outer baffle part. That can cause pressure to build up, and the inflators can rupture if driver’s side air bags are deployed.
Nissan has no reports of injuries from the problem. It was discovered after General Motors recalled 33,000 Cruze compact cars for the same problem in June. The Infiniti recall is part of a larger global recall of 260,000 Nissans announced last week.
Takata says the recall only affects GM and Nissan vehicles and is separate from another one covering 8 million vehicles in the US In that recall, prolonged exposure to high humidity can cause inflators to malfunction and explode with too much force. Safety advocates say four people have died due to that problem, which affects 10 different automakers.
Some automakers have limited their recalls to a small number of high-humidity areas, but lawmakers and others are demanding that recalls be expanded nationwide. Covered are cars made by Honda, Nissan, Chrysler, Ford, Mazda, Subaru, Mitsubishi, Toyota, BMW and General Motors.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is investigating the humidity issue and could expand the size of the recall. Lawmakers say there are about 30 million vehicles on the road in the US with potentially defective Takata air bags.
Nissan said in documents posted today by NHTSA that it asked Takata about the baffle problem after General Motors recalled 33,000 Chevrolet Cruze compacts in North America last June. GM said in documents that it also went to Takata after it was sued by someone who was injured by an exploding air bag.
Yesterday, US safety regulators ordered Takata to provide more information about potentially faulty air bags. The order made 36 separate requests for data on production mistakes, lawsuit settlements and reports of deaths or injuries that the Tokyo-based company has received.
NHTSA also wants to know how many replacement parts Takata can make each day and what it has discussed with automakers and competitors.
TAGS: Infiniti SUV Nissan
More from automobiles

Why didnt you win medal  Govt asks TT team afterpara-AsiadPrint
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:07 am
In a first of its kind order, a sports federation has been asked to explain why its players were not able to win any medal at a sporting event. The Sports Ministry has asked the Table Tennis Federation of India (TTFI) to submit a “detailed report” on why its 13 player-strong table tennis team representing India at the recently-concluded Asian Para Games in South Korea returned empty-handed.
India had sent 87 athletes to the Asian Para Games for the specially-abled, which immediately follows the Asian Games, in South Korea. The contingent returned with 33 medals. The table tennis team, however, did not win any. Twelve of the players were ousted in the first round itself, while one lost in the second round.
In a letter to Dhanraj Choudhary, secretary-general of TTFI, the Sports Ministry said that the “poor showing” of the table tennis players indicated that the federation had “made the selection/recommendation casually and without assessing the standard of performance of the players”.
It said that the TTFI should not have recommended “such a large number of players who have no potential to reach even the second round” of the competition.
The letter said TTFI’s approach was being “viewed seriously” by the ministry. “TTFI is directed to submit a detailed report on the para TT team indicating the selection criteria adopted, performance of the players in the Asian Para Games, the steps taken by TTFI for coaching/training of players, future plans to improve the performance, etc. The report should be submitted by TTFI by November 10 positively,” the letter said.

Maruti launches new Alto K10Maruti launches new Alto K10
Crude drops as dollar firms on robust U.S. factory dataCrude drops as dollar firms on robust U.S. factory data
Industrial output rises modestlyIndustrial output rises modestly
U.S. hospital chains see health reform boost to third quarter earningsU.S. hospital chains see health reform boost to third quarter earnings
Hasmukh Adhia replaces GS Sandhu as Financial Services SecretaryHasmukh Adhia replaces GS Sandhu as Financial Services Secretary
Demystifying buybacksDemystifying buybacks
Gold Struggles Near 4-Year Low as Dollar Strength WeighsGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Singapore: Gold continued to suffer near a four-year low on Tuesday as the safe-haven asset got no reprieve from the strength in the dollar and the US economy, while a lack of robust physical buying and weak technicals underscored expectations of further declines.
Bullion broke below a key technical level of around $1,180 an ounce on Friday after the Bank of Japan expanded its stimulus programme in a surprise move, lending strength to the dollar.
The break prompted a further sell-off that took gold all the way to $1,161.25 - the metal's lowest since July 2010.
"While the metal closes below this level ($1,182), the technical risk grows for a liquidation move below $1,155," ScotiaMocatta analysts said in a note.
"Only a close back above $1,200 would shift our view from bearish to neutral."
Spot gold firmed up at $1,165 an ounce by 0717 GMT. The metal climbed to as high as $1,173.70 on Monday but failed to hold the gains on strong U.S. data.
Silver recovered slightly from a four-year low of $15.72 hit on Monday though it continued to stay under pressure along with platinum and palladium.
The key pressure point for precious metals is the dollar, which hovered at four-year highs on Tuesday against a basket of major currencies.
Traders said long dollar trades were a no-brainer in the current environment where the Bank of Japan and European Central Bank are keeping the stimulus tap running, while the Federal Reserve has just turned off its massive bond-buying programme.
Data on Monday showed US manufacturing activity unexpectedly accelerated in October and automobile sales were strong, in a sign that the Fed could raise rates sooner than later.
PHYSICAL MARKETS
Even with gold prices dropping to near 4-year lows, buyers across Asia have failed to show enthusiasm for the cheaper prices, preferring instead to wait on the sidelines.
When gold prices are in a slump, Chinese buyers in particular, eyeing a bargain, traditionally move in and stop the rot. But that doesn't seem to be happening this time around.
In the biggest consumer of gold, local premiums - an indicator of demand - failed to pick up any big way.
Prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange had fallen to a discount to the global price on Monday but recovered to a premium of $1-$2 an ounce on Tuesday.
But they are still far short of the $50-plus premiums seen last year.
Elsewhere, SPDR Gold Shares - the top gold exchange-traded fund, saw a very small inflow of 0.01 tonne on Monday - its first uptick since Oct. 16. Holdings are still firmly near six-year lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

A Q&A with owner of Chicago s first Shake Shack1
Q: Why should someone come to Shake Shack instead of any other of the "better burger" places?
A: The first thing I would say is, don't come to Shake Shack instead of your favorite place. We may never be your favorite place. We may never be your favorite Chicago style hot dog. In fact, we don't even do it authentically well. We lost the neon from the relish ... (Meyer said a supplier wouldn't put the coloring in) … I would say come to Shake Shack and soak in the full experience … It may not be the same hospitality you get at Gold Coast or the Wieners Circle, but it's not bad.
Q: Talk a little about the local vendors you're using for this location.
A: We found that frozen custard has been a fantastic canvas for bringing in local bakers, doughnut makers, sometimes coffee roasters, sometimes beer producers.
The Publican is making our sausage for us. The sandwich is topped with our own fried shallots that have been marinating in Shackmeister ale (a beer exclusive to the chain) and then deep fried, and our own cheese sauce, but the sausage is made right here by someone we respect a lot.
Mark Rosati, our culinary director, was working at Gramercy Tavern before Shake Shack. Whenever we go to a new city, Mark will stay there for up to a month meeting chefs, meeting butchers, meeting bakers and literally tasting his way through the city looking for who he thinks is the best version. In Istanbul, he found the best producer of baklava, and that goes into one of our frozen custard desserts. It's fun, because it takes us longer to do it that way but it ends up feeling like we didn't just land on someone else's city like the house in the "Wizard of Oz" landed on the witch's legs.
Q: What do you think of the dining scene in Chicago?
A: I love it. I was just here two weeks ago and I went to a place I adore, which is one block away, called Joe's. I'm also a fan of the James Beard set. … I love the city. It's a very, very particular type of food town. On one hand, Chicago seems to me to be more traditional meat and potatoes food than you'll find in any other town in the country, and then on the other extreme Chicago is willing to push the boundaries of avant garde more than many, many cities. It's kind of fascinating to have both ends of that spectrum represented in one city.
Q: Food costs have gone up in general. How are you keeping control of that?
A: We are using all natural beef from an amazing farm in Kansas called Creekstone. It's no growth hormones, no antibiotics, it's the best of the best. And the price has, in one year, gone up probably a good 60 percent. And, meanwhile, we're trying to keep a lid on our prices (The mainstay ShackBurger costs $4.95 ). We're getting hurt by it, but we just feel that a huge part of this story is value. If you're someone who always ate fast food, for a couple of dollars more you can eat the same quality that you would get in one of our fine dining restaurants. If you're someone who is used to eating in our fine dining restaurants, for a whole lot less you can have the exact same quality. So, we love where this is positioned. I would call this category fine casual. It's certainly not fast. Pricing is a big pressure point.

Asian stocks dip as Nikkei outperforms  dollar soarsAsian stocks dip as Nikkei outperforms  dollar soars
Sensex flat  Nifty hits recordSensex flat  Nifty hits record
From the discomfort zone: Digital graveyardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AI shortchanges 38 trainee pilots  asks them to sign new contractsAI shortchanges 38 trainee pilots, asks them to sign new contracts
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 23:51 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:42 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
A batch of 38 trainee pilots hired by Air India on regular employment in 2011 have been intimated by the company that they are on contract. The pilots have been asked to sign fresh contracts by the airline.
AI had recruited the trainee pilots from the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Uran Akademi in 2011. They were offered employment as First Officers in the company on completion of
their training.
Pilots said the move is not just against employment ethics but also against rules of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, according to which, a scheduled operator should have sufficient number of flights and cabin crew on its “regular employment.”
“We feel cheated,” said a pilot who did not wish to be named. “Had they informed us before commencing our training that the employment is on contract, we would have explored other options. When other airlines are offering permanent jobs why would we want to join on a short-term contractual basis?”
Following this, many of them  have joined AI’s pilots’ union, the Indian Commercial
Pilots Association (ICPA), though their contract stipulates that they “will not participate, either directly or indirectly, in any form or manner whatsoever, in trade union activities,” sources said
“These pilots have been treated very unfairly by the company,” said an ICPA office bearer.
“They (pilots) were offered employment on contractual basis since the AI board had decided that all future recruitment of pilots will be on contract,” an AI spokesperson said. “There is no violation of DGCA rules since we understand that many of the other airlines are also employing pilots on contract.”

Battling a slow marketE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Little reprieve from stressE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Multiple catalysts at workE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

West Indies  payments issue resolvedWindies cricket impasse resolved, says media report
However, none of the parties involved in the meeting have yet issued a statement on the outcome.
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014 9:42 AM IST
Tweet
0
The West Indies players quit the India tour after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala. (BCCI Photo)
Bridgetown (Barbados), Nov 3: There has been no formal word on the outcome of the recently held meeting aimed at solving the bitter West Indies cricketers contracts dispute, even as a local newspaper said that the feuding factions in the impasse had reached a resolution.
Outlining the agreements reached during the five-hour meeting held in Port of Spain, the Sunday Sun newspaper said the contentious Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) would go to arbitration, the players would continue to retain the West Indies Players Association (WIPA) as their sole bargaining agent and that the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) would not rule out of selection for the upcoming South Africa tour, those players who abandoned the recent one-day series in India, reports CMC.
However, none of the parties involved in the meeting have yet issued a statement on the outcome.
St. Vincent's Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves, who chaired Friday's talks, was reluctant to go into details of any resolution, telling the Trinidad Express newspaper that "very good progress" had been made.
"We are in a far better position than we were before. I think that on the basis of the discussions, we have the framework and the modalities for the resolution of the issues and for cricket lovers. I fully expect that the best team will be in South Africa representing us," Gonsalves was quoted as saying.
"Everybody is going back to their various entities. The 14 players who were in India, they have to talk to their WIPA leadership and their colleagues and (WICB president Dave Cameron) has to speak to his colleagues on the board, but believe us, we made very good progress."
The meeting was brokered by Gonsalves following one-on-one talks with West Indies one-day captain and players' spokesman Dwayne Bravo in Kingstown earlier this week.
At Friday's meeting, Gonsalves was joined by Grenadian counterpart Keith Mitchell, Cameron, WICB vice-president Emmanuel Nanthan, WIPA president and chief executive Wavell Hinds, Bravo, Test captain Dinesh Ramdin, with the various legal representatives.
Barbadian attorney Ralph Thorne QC, who represented the players, said the matter of a fair selection policy for the tour of South Africa was an important one.
"We will be extremely vigilant with regard to the fair selection process. In the same way a number of players have been contacted, the players of the India tour similarly look forward to being immediately contacted regarding their availability for the South Africa tour," the Sunday Sun quoted Thorne as saying.
"The proof of the WICB's undertaking against victimisation will be revealed in the communications that we expect to follow this week. Every player from the India tour expresses his availability for the South African tour and they pledge a continuing commitment to the success of West Indies cricket.
"They will renew their faith in the process of collective bargaining by resuming their relationship with WIPA."
The dispute erupted when the one-day players abruptly quit the tour of India in protest over the terms and conditions of the new CBA which they argued would result in up to a 75 percent reduction in their earnings.
As a result, Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) formally demanded $42 million in damages from the WICB arising from losses in revenue, and said the regional board had 15 days in which to convey a plan of compensation.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Guess which Indian city has one of Asias worst airportsTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 6:27 PM IST - India Markets closed
The ten worst airports in Asia
Chennai International Airport has featured in The Guide to Sleeping in Airports' list of Worst Airports for the third consecutive year in a row.
In 2012, along with Chennai, New Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata too had been rated poorly. But this year, no other airport from India has featured on this list.
Here's a look at Asia's worst aiports in 2014
Prev Next
10. Chennai International Airport, India
Chennai airport continues to aggravate travellers with its lack of cleanliness, its long queues and its serious lack of comfortable seating. The new International and Domestic Terminals have both experienced incidents of ceiling collapses.
10. Chennai International Airport, India
Chennai airport continues to aggravate travellers with its lack of cleanliness, its long queues and its serious lack of comfortable seating. The new International and Domestic Terminals have both experienced incidents of ceiling collapses.
Movies are a great source of inspiration, and while there is no dearth of good fictional movies, what … More » Seven film biographies to inspire every entrepreneur
Today on Yahoo
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Maruti launches new Alto K10 at Rs 3.06 lakhMaruti launches new Alto K10 at Rs 3.06 lakh
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 21:49 IST
The country's largest car maker, Maruti Suzuki India , on Monday launched the new generation of its small car Alto K10 that comes equipped with automated gear shift and is priced up to Rs 3.82 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
With an eye on reviving growth in its bread and butter mini car segment, the company has also improved the fuel efficiency of the model by 15 per cent.
The manual petrol variants of the new Alto K10 are priced between Rs 3.06 lakh and Rs 3.56 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), while the newly introduced CNG version is tagged at Rs 3.82 lakh (all prices ex-showroom).
The auto gear shift variant of the car with petrol engine is priced at Rs 3.80 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
Maruti is positioning the new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers."
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
"Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa told reporters.
The company has sold 2.6 million Alto cars since it was launched 14 years ago, he added.
"We have sold over 4 lakh units of Alto K10 in the last four years," Ayukawa said.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 is be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (AGS) feature.
It seeks to leverage on the convenience factor of the AGS with high fuel efficiency levels at affordable cost to woo entry-level customers.
While the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
It will have six different variants and the AGS option will be available only with the top-end model.
The previous version of the Alto K10 was priced between Rs 3.15 lakh and Rs 3.31 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment, comprising Alto and WagonR, witnessed 2.6 per cent decline in the April-October period this fiscal at 2,37,474 units as against 2,43,714 units in the year-ago period.
In October 2014, it stood at 35,753 units as against 39,379 units in the same month last year, down 9.2 per cent.

Growth in European countries as elusive as quicksilverMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Data from both sides of the Atlantic will give clues in the coming week on just how bad the euro zone economy is and just how sustainable is its US counterpart.
Europe offers a rate meeting from the European Central Bank and a new slate of economic forecasts; the United States will release its influential monthly jobs data.
Purchasing manager indexes for the past month will also show how businesses see things shaping up in the United States and Europe. One for China’s has already come in lower than expected.
For many, the ECB meeting on Thursday will be the main money event — despite the fact that it is not likely to be one of action or suspense. As usual, the attention will be on ECB President Mario Draghi’s nuances at the news conference that follows the likely non-move on rates. When it comes to the ECB, the news is often all about the journey rather than the destination. This week’s inflation data let the ECB off the hook on taking any immediate additional action to combat the threat of deflation.
At 0.4 per cent in October, inflation is worryingly slight, but it is higher than it was a month earlier. ECB policymakers are also in no rush to move on to something new when they have not yet seen how their targeted loans and purchases of asset-backed securities are doing. Many in financial markets would like to see the ECB move to a full quantitative easing (QE) asset-buying program like the one the US Federal Reserve has just closed.
But as these words from ECB Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny suggest, it is not likely. “I don’t think we should be pushed by the markets to produce a new program at every meeting we have.”
The bank will also be looking at the U.S. Federal Reserve’s ending of QE and relatively hawkish tone for some spillover succour. The euro is down more than 1.5 per cent against the dollar since the Fed meeting on Wednesday, and down more than 10 per cent since May.
A weaker euro not only boosts euro zone exports, it imports inflation, both of which the ECB wants to see. The nuance being sought on Thursday, however, will be whether there is any momentum towards full QE and how German opposition could be overcome.
The ECB has been throwing money in various ways at the euro zone economy for a long time but dynamic growth has proved as elusive as quicksilver. This is expected to be underlined by the purchasing manager indexes. The euro zone’s manufacturing is sitting just a tad above stagnation. Data has been very lackluster.
“October’s … business and consumer survey suggests that the euro-zone economy got off to a weak start in Q4, after broadly stagnating in Q3,” Capital Economics said in a note.
Mid-week, the European Commission will give its latest economic forecasts and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development will issue its on the G20 economies ahead of a meeting of the group.
Outside the euro zone, the Bank of England also looks to keep interest rates on hold at record low levels on Thursday. Three of its most senior officials have expressed staunch opposition to hiking rates over the last two weeks.
TAGS: ECB Euro European Growth
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Alibaba s first earnings to test mettle  investor enthusiasmSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s first full quarterly report card to Wall Street investors on Tuesday will be scrutinised by the hopeful seeking validation for lofty stock price targets and studied by the few sceptics searching for inauspicious signs.
Coming off Alibaba’s record-breaking $25 billion IPO in September, the company’s shares have remained 45 percent above their debut price. Just about every brokerage has rated the e-commerce giant a buy, taking comfort in the group’s dominant position in a $450 billion Chinese market.
Investors have been all too eager to overlook a structure that critics say allows its management extraordinary decision-making power, potentially to the detriment of shareholders. They have also mostly withheld judgement on how advertising spending and sales commission fees, where Alibaba makes the lion’s share of its money, are being affected in a slowing Chinese economy.
Instead, their focus is on Alibaba’s profit margins, among the fattest in the global e-commerce industry and far outstripping those of loss-making Amazon. Reflecting the positive sentiment, the firm’s forward price-to-earnings ratio is pegged at more than 45.
“The stock is now trading at a pretty high multiple, and in order to justify that, they need to show really strong results out of the gate,” said Wedbush Securities’ Gil Luria.
While major shareholder Yahoo Inc has included basic figures such as Alibaba’s revenue and earnings per share every quarter, Tuesday marks the Chinese company’s first full-fledged results release.
Net profit is expected at $1.17 billion in the quarter ended September, according to a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts. Fully reported earnings per share are forecast to be at 36 cents, based on a poll of 25 analysts.
Wall Street will keep its eye peeled for any sign that runaway growth is waning.
While Alibaba can depend on its still-growing home market for years to come, expanding internationally will be difficult given its marginal presence in foreign markets, which now yield just about 9 percent of overall sales, analysts say.
At home, JD.com Inc is chipping away at its market share, using an Amazon-like model where it builds its own warehouses and handles logistics. Alibaba’s marketplace model, relinquishing control over logistics, may hurt it in the long run by putting product quality at risk.
“JD.com’s efforts to compete with Alibaba through a vertically integrated approach remind us a bit of the eBay-Amazon battle,” RBC’s Mark Mahaney wrote in an Oct. 29 note.
There are “disadvantages in terms of limited control over customer service and fulfilment, logistics, and delivery”, he said.
EXPANDING THE EMPIRE
Alibaba, which operates China’s largest Internet shopping destination Taobao and retail site Tmall.com, is nearly unknown to most Americans but is ubiquitous in China.
The Chinese e-commerce company, founded by former schoolteacher Jack Ma in his apartment in 1999, has designs of expanding beyond its commerce roots.
The company has spent significant sums acquiring firms and startups in some of the fastest-growing mobile markets, delving into services such as messaging and digital content. It has even made select acquisitions in the United States, amid persistent speculation that Alibaba is preparing some sort of move against Amazon.
It is also making moves to more closely resemble its U.S. peer, including establishing a cloud service that provides storage and computing (Aliyun), and a budding online video service.
Alibaba’s dominance of Chinese commerce has piqued interest in America. Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook has said he would be happy to work with Ma. The Alibaba CEO called on Hollywood studios all of last week, after headlining a major technology conference in Laguna Beach.
Ultimately, what investors want to see is topline growth. Alibaba is expected to post revenue of about $2.7 billion in the September quarter, up about 52 percent from a previously reported $1.78 billion a year earlier. It is expected to have profit margins of more than 40 percent during the period.
“There’s going to be scrutiny of every number,” Wedbush Securities’ Luria said.
TAGS: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Quaterly Report
More from companies

Gold  silver rates tumble in Delhi on weak global cuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the national capital today.
In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to four-year low after the US Federal Reserve’s decided to end its bullion friendly bond-buying programme and fall in demand from jewellers and retailers, mainly led to a fall in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to USD 1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to USD 15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg.
Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.
TAGS: Gold Price Gold Price In Delhi Gold Rate Gold Rate In Delhi Gold Rate Today
More from commodities

World Bank to cut 500 jobs globallyTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
World Bank plans to slash 500 jobs in the next three years globally, even as it looks to create up to 300 new positions in India to meet business needs.
The global lender’s decision to trim 500 jobs and cancel about 70 existing open vacancies comes after reviewing its “business strategies” for months.
In an internal memo, World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said some important strategic decisions have been taken regarding staff working for Institutional, Governance and Administrative units (IG&As).
“After several months of analysis that examined our business direction and priorities in the respective IG&As, we decided on a net reduction of around 250 positions for these units,” Kim said in the memo obtained by PTI.
Even as it embarks on trimming its workforce, World Bank expects to create about 250 to 300 new positions, mostly in Chennai, India.
“At the same time, preliminary estimates show 250 to 300 new positions will need to be created, with a large share in Chennai, to meet business needs,” Kim said in the memo.
The World Bank Group has a significant presence in India.
According to the memo, IG&As expect to reduce around 500 positions over the period FY 2015 to end FY17, through attrition, redeployment, and redundancies.
World Bank’s financial year is from July-June period.
The job cuts would be spread across Finance and Technology, Internal Justice and Oversight, among other areas.
Besides, around 70 positions — that are currently open vacancies — would be cancelled.
“Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver,” the memo said.
Explaining the rationale behind the move, Kim said these staff decisions based on three principles — clarity, impartiality, and sensitivity.
“For staffing decisions, we must have a business rationale that is clearly articulated; we must ensure there are no favourites, no discrimination, and no retaliation,” he said.
Emphasising the need to ensure that all career transitions are as smooth and considerate as possible, the World Bank chief said a Transition Support Unit has been set up.
“Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver,” Kim said.
Next steps related to the expenditure review and strategic staffing in operations would be unveiled next week.
TAGS: World Bank World Bank Jobs News
More from industry

Leaner Sony gains smartphone lift despite mobile malaiseTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
Sony Corp posted a smaller than expected operating second-quarter operating loss on Friday, hailed by its finance chief as proof that the Japanese group’s restructuring programme is paying off.
The company said the reduced operating loss was due in part to rising sales of image sensors to smartphone manufacturers, though the poor showing from its own Xperia phones weighed heavily on results.
Sales of the image sensors, used in Apple’s iPhones and increasingly in Chinese-made handsets, made the devices unit the biggest earner within Sony’s flagship electronics division and offset some of a 176 billion yen ($1.58 billion) impairment charge on its mobile division.
That left an overall operating loss for the three months to Sept. 30 of 85.6 billion yen, beating analyst expectations of nearly double that.
“We are on our way to achieving 400 billion yen in operating profit next year,” CFO Kenichiro Yoshida declared at a media briefing on Friday, referring to a target set in May when he announced plans to set aside 135 billion yen to restructure the bloated electronics division.
“Restructuring is progressing well and right now we think we will be able to cut 20 percent of staff at our distribution companies and 30 percent at headquarters.”
However, poor sales of the Xperia smartphone have dashed Sony’s ambitions of becoming the world’s third-biggest smartphone maker behind Apple and Samsung Electronics .
CHINA RETREAT
Yoshida said on Friday that Sony would shrink its exposure to the Chinese smartphone market, where more nimble, fast-growing rivals have dented his company’s hopes of making any significant progress in the world’s biggest smartphone market.
Sony will quit the development and sale of China-only handsets, Yoshida said, with an accompanying cut in its smartphone sales forecast to 41 million from 43 million, against sales of 39 million last year.
It also wound back its operating loss forecast by 28 billion yen. In addition to the impairment charge, that leaves the mobile operation heading for a 204 billion yen loss this financial year.
Incoming mobile division chief Hiroki Totoki, picked by Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai to turn around the ailing unit after earning his stripes at a Sony Internet subsidiary and Sony Bank, said he would focus on improving the speed of management response to changes in the market after assuming his new post on Nov. 16.
“Sony’s got the will to continue with its smartphone business and it’s hoping income from the business improves. Todoki has reformed businesses before, so he’s probably thinking of rebuilding it,” said Hideyuki Fukunaga, the chief executive of fund manager Investrust.
XBOX TROUNCED
Sony’s shrinking slice of the smartphone market is in stark contrast to its dominance in game consoles, where its PlayStation 4 has trounced the Xbox One made by closest rival Microsoft Corp and has broken even within only a year of its release, a feat its predecessor achieved in four years.
Sony increased its annual operating profit forecast for the gaming unit by 40 percent to 35 billion yen after selling 3.3 million PlayStation 4 consoles in its second quarter. By Oct. 18 it had sold 12.3 million consoles, against 6.1 million Xbox One sales, according to market research website VG Chartz.
The operating profit outlook for Sony’s imaging, music and device units was also increased. Strong sales of image sensors and batteries, as well as a weaker yen, propelled the devices business to a quarterly operating profit of 29.6 billion yen, up 149 percent year on year.
However, a weaker yen is negative for Sony as a whole, Yoshida said, with the company losing 3 billion yen for every yen the Japanese currency falls against the dollar.
Shares of Sony closed 0.8 percent higher before the earnings announcement, compared with a 4.8 percent rise for the Nikkei benchmark index after the Bank of Japan announced further monetary easing that weakened the yen by as much as 2.5 percent to beyond 111 against the dollar.
Sony posted a net loss of 136 billion yen for the quarter and held its full-year net loss forecast at 230 billion yen.
TAGS: Sony Sony Corp Sony Programme Sony Xperia Phones
More from industry

Red wines heralded ingredient -- resveratrol -- may hinder benefits of exerciseBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 3 Follow @arianaeunjung
(Roman Sigaev/Alamy)
Milk is good for your bones. Except when it’s not. Taking Vitamin C may help protect against colds. Except when it doesn’t.
Keeping up with the latest headlines on nutrition research is enough to give the average person whiplash. With each new study comes new understanding about how what we eat affects our bodies, but often the results can create confusion about how to modify our own diets.
The latest wrinkle has to do with red wine.
Resveratrol, found in the skin of red grapes, has long been revered as a magical compound in red wine that is believed to have numerous health effects such as lowering blood pressure and helping prevent heart attacks. There has been so much enthusiasm for the substance in recent years that some companies have been selling resveratrol supplements in health stores as a way to enhance the effects of exercise.
But a new study, published in the journal Applied Physiology, Nutrition and Metabolism, raises questions about that theory. Researchers subjected two groups of patients to high-intensity interval training for four weeks, with one group taking resveratrol while the other was given a placebo. They found that those who took the supplement did not see as many benefits from the physical activity as those who had a placebo.
While the study was small — there were 16 participants — researcher Brendon Gurd, a professor in the School of Kinesiology and Health Studies at Queens University in Canada, noted in a news release that it's clear that more research needs to be done on this phenomenon. He said his team found that resveratrol somehow appears to “inhibit the body’s normal training response.”
“RSV supplementation doesn’t augment training,” he said, “but may impair the effect it has on the body.”
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

US factory activity acceleratesUS factory activity accelerates
Mauritius assures help to India in black money probePort Louis, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 07:32 IST
Mauritius assures help to India in black money probe
PTI
investigation
Mauritius, often accused of being a route for round-tripping of funds by Indians, on Monday conveyed to Indian government that it was ready to support its Special Investigation Team (SIT) to unearth black money.
This was conveyed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration and International Trade Arvin Boolell during a meeting here, the External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said.
Boolell conveyed that Mauritius will take measures to ensure it remains “jurisdiction of repute”, he said.
Mauritius used to be the biggest gateway for flow of funds into India through FDI as well as FII routes, but its position has come down amid concerns about this island nation being used for round-tripping of funds.
It recently slipped to the second place after the US in terms of quantum of money being brought in by overseas investors into Indian markets.
According to Sebi, Mauritius accounted for Rs 3.31 lakh crore worth ‘assets under custody’ of foreign institutional investors in the Indian equity and debt markets at the end of 2013, as against over Rs 4.37 lakh crore in case of the US.
Fund flows from Mauritius have fallen amid concerns about suspected money-laundering, even though this Indian Ocean island nation has been consistently denying such allegations.
India has concerns that Mauritius, which is one of the top sources of foreign direct investments into the country, is being used for round-tripping of funds. Round-tripping is usually referred to routing of domestic investments through Mauritius to take advantage of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) between the two countries.
The island nation received requests for information in 97 cases from India during one-year period ended August, 2014.
According to a Mauritius government official, 85 per cent of those requests have been resolved and efforts are on to address concerns of Indian authorities in the remaining ones.
“Between August 2013 and August this year, we have received requests in as many as 97 cases for the exchange of information with Indian authorities and we have already provided banking information and other financial details to them in 85 per cent of these cases,” M Rawoteea, Head Analyst at Ministry of Finance, Mauritius had told PTI earlier.
Over the past few years, effective exchange of information between the two countries has taken place in at least 170 cases.

2 photos  30 years apart  tell one story of despair andresolveAt the spot of the rioting in Chandni Chowk.
Written by Sarah Hafeez | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:14 am
It usually takes just one picture to tell a story. But when the story spans 30 years, it’s often the second photo that completes the picture.
From the moment the flames lit by rioters blazed through this line of shops at Chandni Chowk in Old Delhi, a day after the assassination of Indira Gandhi, to the bright signboards of today. From the first photo pulled out from this newspaper’s archives of November 1, 1984 to the second taken on the same day, 30 years later.
“It was Ground Zero,” Adesh Kumar recalls. Kumar was on the first floor when he looked down to see flames eating into his shop, Anand Garments, right below.
The memories still haunt Kumar, and those who were next in line: Vijay Prasad, owner of Ratanlal Ganeshji Das, a shoe shop; and Anmol Lal, whose father Rajan was manning the counter at Kishan Lal Taalewala, which sells locks and aluminium cupboards. As for the owners of the last three shops, they simply chose to sell and leave forever.
Ironically, the rioters did not intend to target any of these shops. Frustrated after they were prevented by devotees from attacking Gurudwara Sis Ganj Sahib, they had set fire to the nearest Sikh target — NewWays, another garment shop, right before Anand Garments, owned by Manmohan Singh. But the flames knew no limits.
Looking back, Manmohan Singh says he knew what was coming. “My shop was the first to be looted and set on fire,” he says. “I was at home then. We had heard that Delhi was burning. So we stayed in our house in Daryaganj. That day, on November 1, my friends from Chandni Chowk called me to say my shop had been looted and burnt, and that the fire had spread. I was not surprised. I was almost waiting for such news. All I thought was at least my family was safe. We did not step out for the next four days. And then, when Sikhs started coming out of their homes, my brother and I went to our shop. It was a sight.”
From NewWays, the flames started eating into Kumar’s Anand Garments.
“I witnessed the entire incident,” said Kumar. “None of the shops in Chandni Chowk were open that day because of the PM’s assassination. But when I came out onto the balcony, I saw smoke and fire from below. I ran inside and alerted my wife and children. Together we ran out of our house. Then we saw the whole building come down. That was the end of it. It had become Ground Zero. There was nothing left of the shop set up by our father around 20 years before.”
Within minutes, down came Ratanlal Ganeshji Das, the shoe shop; Kishan Lal Taalewala, the lock-seller; and the rest in that line.
But what really rankles these shopkeepers even now is the continued…

Column: Good times for commodity futuresMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Financial Stability and Development Council of RBI has reopened the issue of commodity markets by bringing to the discussion table the case for allowing financial institutions and FIIs to participate in futures trading. This is a positive move that, hopefully, will materialise and take the derivatives market to a new level.
The issue of allowing these institutions is not new and has been on the sidelines for a long time. The commodity futures market has come of age, having been in existence for over a decade, and has been through several upheavals with the misguided notion that such trading affects inflation. It is accepted that futures trading has little links with inflation and instead foretells the same which can prompt corrective action.
There is also a strong case for the restoration of banned futures contracts in products such as tur and urad which gave correct signals in the paston the NCDEX platform. It is time these contracts are restored so that the bouquet of products offered is wide and more meaningful.
Now, let us look at banks getting into these markets. Today, RBI is venting its ire on companies that have forex exposure but do not hedge because, in case the rupee swings widely in either direction, the losses could be large. The same holds for banks when dealing with lending because all farm loans as well as those to manufacturing—which are based on commodities—carry a high price risk, especially with inflation averaging of 8-10% in the last 2-3 years. It is less palpable for manufacturing where inflation has been more moderate at around 3-4%. Intuitively, one can see that the possibility of a loan going bad and turning into an NPA is higher with swings in commodity prices. There could be some natural hedge in manufacturing if producers pass on the cost to the consumer but this does not hold for farmers in case there is a crop failure. Hence, there is a case for intervention by banks.
Banks need to insist on corporates hedging their commodity price risk just as they have to for forex, as directed by RBI. While enforcing the same would be a challenge, the absence of such hedging should mean a higher lending rate with a charge for the same entering the base rate calculation. RBI also needs to work out if we can have an NPA reserve created by banks which is funded by an additional interest cost levied on companies when commodity risk is not hedged.
How about farmers? This is trickier as banks cannot insist on the same, as the lending rate is fixed at 7%. Here, banks have to be allowed to play the role of an aggregator (this was suggested by RBI in its 2005 report on warehouse receipt financing) where the local branch manager has to only pool the product that is kept in the warehouse and inform the banks’ treasury which does the hedging. The local bank branch manager need not have any knowledge of futures trading and only has to pass on the amount to the central office to enable this transaction. Since there is a hedge cost involved, the government could consider providing an incentive by covering it for farm loans which already carry a subvention on interest. But it would still be in the bank’s interest to hedge its exposures to the farm sector given their propensity to turn NPAs.
But there would be a problem in case the price at the time of maturity is higher than contracted—which is a notional loss. A futures contract provides protection against a lower price but does not allow one to take advantage of a higher price. Ideally, options should be permitted and this is where the FCRA needs to be changed simultaneously so as to make this proposition work.
Going forward, one also can think of banks trading in commodity futures as a part of their business with a certain part of deposits or credit being permitted for such trading with the requisite safeguards just as banks trade in forex or manage their investment portfolio.
FII trading in commodities is also a good idea as experiences in the stock market have been satisfying. They have added depth to the market and the same can be expected in the commodity market. While the FMC supported their participation in non-agro commodities as early as in FY06, it did not work out due to regulatory issues because while FMC was under the ministry of consumer affairs, FIIs were guided by Sebi, which was under the ministry of finance. Today, with the FMC being under the finance ministry, this should be easier.
Mutual funds, too, are not permitted to deal with commodities and permitting them will open another avenue for investors. Bullion can give returns between 15-20% while agro commodities like guar, soybean, mustard, pepper and jeera could go anywhere between 10-30% depending on market conditions. As the commodity futures market is trying to get in retail, players who on their own would not be in a position to trade given delivery issues and understanding of fundamentals of commodities which is very different from stocks and mutual funds through commodity schemes, could provide such access.
Are there any safeguards needed? First, the issue of delivery has to be tackled. None of these players would be interested in delivery and, hence, their terms of operations should exclusively preclude delivery where they have to close out on their contracts. Exchanges could consider non-deliverable contracts in parallel. In fact, taking delivery by FIIs can lead to foreign trade issues in case they would, in an unlikely scenario, like to ship them out. Second, to ensure that the markets are not pulled in a particular direction, the position limits should be set for these entities with deep pockets. As they are dealing with non-deliverable contracts, there would be a tendency to take higher positions. Last, regulation has to be firm and surveillance systems of exchanges robust to ensure that the system works well.
Going by the virtually smooth growth of this market in terms of regulation by FMC and conduct of commodity futures exchanges, one can be sanguine that bringing in these institutions will add depth and buoyancy which will lead to better price discovery. Therefore, this should be taken up with urgency and implemented with the regulatory structures in place.
The author is chief economist, CARE Ratings. Views are personal
TAGS: Commodity Markets FIIs Financial Stability And Development Council Futures Trading RBI
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Gold and silver extend losses  struggle near 4-yr lowsGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold and silver extended their losing streak to a fourth session on Monday to trade near their lowest in more than four years as a stronger U.S. dollar fuelled more selling and further declines were seen.
Precious metals took a beating on Friday after the Bank of Japan’s surprise decision to boost its already huge bond-buying stimulus prompted the yen to fall to a seven-year low against the dollar.
On Monday, the dollar hit a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies, further hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
“It’s pretty hard to find anything bullish on gold at the moment,” said ANZ analyst Victor Thianpiriya, adding that currency movements, weak physical demand and fund outflows were all taking a toll on prices.
“The next support for gold is around $1,155-60 but not much support below that on the charts. If we don’t bounce back soon above $1,180, we are looking at that as a big resistance level.”
Spot gold dropped as much as 1 percent to $1,161.70 an ounce, before recovering to trade at $1,171.06 by 0720 GMT, down 0.2 percent.
It fell to $1,161.25 on Friday, the lowest since July 2010, before closing down 2 percent.
Spot silver fell to $15.72 an ounce, its lowest since February 2010. Platinum was trading near its lowest in a month.          BELOW $1,000?
The $1,180 level – which gold broke through on Friday – was seen as a significant one for bullion, with chartists now eyeing prices below $1,000. The last time gold traded below that level was in October 2009.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
The prospect of higher interest rates in the United States has also hurt gold recently along with strong economic data. Gold is a non-interest-bearing asset and is often seen as a safe-haven asset.
Outflows from SPDR Gold Trust – the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund – accelerated in October, with holdings of the fund now at a six-year low.
Hedge funds and money managers cut their bullish long position in gold in the week up to Oct. 28, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said on Friday.
“We suspect that we will likely be heading lower from here given that a number of bearish variables seem to be converging on gold all at once,” said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
Gold failed to find support from the physical markets in top consuming region Asia.
In China, the world’s biggest buyer of gold, local prices had slipped to a discount to the global benchmark from premiums last week – an indication of weak buying interest.
Gold stocks in Australia, the world’s no. 2 producer, also took a hit following the drop in gold prices.
Australia’s largest producer, Newcrest Mining Ltd, dropped nearly 8 percent, while St Barbara Mines lost more than 4 percent and Evolution Mining was down almost 12 percent.Precious metals prices :-
0720 GMT  Metal
Spot Gold        1171.06   -2.86   -0.24
Spot Silver        15.99   -0.15   -0.93
Spot Platinum    1231.49    2.99   +0.24
Spot Palladium    793.72    5.52   +0.70
COMEX GOLD DEC4  1170.80   -0.80   -0.07
COMEX SILVER DEC4   0.16    0.00   -0.69
Euro/Dollar       1.2494

Virgin Galactic spacecraft appears to have broken apart in flight: NTSBMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The head of the federal agency examining last week’s fatal crash of a Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship during a test flight in California’s Mojave Desert said on Sunday the vehicle appears to have broken apart in flight.
“The debris field indicates an in-flight breakup,” Christopher Hart, acting chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, told Reuters during a interview.
“We’ll know that for certainty when we look at all the sources we have,” he said.
The NTSB is leading the investigation into Friday’s crash of SpaceShipTwo, which was undergoing its first powered test flight since January when it crashed, spreading debris over a 5-mile (8 km) swath of the Mojave Desert north of Los Angeles.
One pilot was killed and another was badly injured.
Preliminary data gathered in the Virgin accident indicates that a structural failure, and not an engine explosion, led to the crash, according to a report published Sunday in the Wall Street Journal.
Citing a source familiar with the nascent investigation, the report said video and early data was focusing on “aerodynamic forces” that could have led to its downing.
Virgin Galactic’s owner, British billionaire and entrepreneur Richard Branson, traveled to Mojave on Saturday to meet with his team and NTSB investigators.
He said he was determined to uncover the cause of the crash and said he believed the dream of space tourism for everyday passengers would live on.
NEW SPACESHIP
George Whitesides, Virgin Galactic’s chief executive, told the Financial Times in an interview published on Sunday that the company could have a new spacecraft ready to fly by next year.
“The second spaceship is getting close to readiness,” he said, sounding a note of optimism about the program even as the NTSB began what it is likely to be a year-long investigation into the accident.
Depending on what accident investigators find, Virgin Galactic may be required to make changes to its spaceship well before the final NTSB report is issued.
“We would report on anything that required immediate response and should not wait until the completion of our report,” NTSB chairman Hart said.
“We have done that many times,” he added.
SpaceShipTwo was in the midst of test flights and was not yet certified for commercial operations when the crash occurred, delaying indefinitely the start of passenger service.
Branson and his son plan to fly on the first commercial flight. About 800 people already have paid or put down deposits for the ride, which costs $250,000.
The craft is intended to fly people to an altitude of just over 60 miles (100 km) so they can experience a few minutes of weightlessness and see the Earth against the blackness of space.
“We really thought by March of next year, we’d be there,” the billionaire entrepreneur told the BBC after arriving in Mojave on Saturday. “Something went wrong. We need to find out what went wrong and fix it.”
U.S. investigators say the powered test flight of Virgin’s SpaceShipTwo on Friday was well recorded, giving them an abundance of information to help determine what caused the rupture.
The two pilots involved were employees of Scaled Composites, a Northrop Grumman Corp subsidiary that designed and built the six-passenger, two-pilot craft for Virgin Galactic.
Michael Alsbury, 39, was identified as the pilot who died. Co-pilot Peter Siebold, 43, who was riding in the right-hand seat, parachuted to the ground and was recovering at a nearby hospital, Scaled Composites said in a statement.
Friday’s crash was the second disaster in less than a week suffered by a private space company.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp exploded after liftoff from Wallops Island, Virginia, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
Virgin Galactic is a U.S. offshoot of the London-based Virgin Group founded by Branson, whose empire ranges from airlines to music stores and mobiles phones.
TAGS: Virgin Galactic
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Ambanis likely to adopt Varanasi ghats under Clean IndiaMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
As a precursor to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit Varanasi on November 7 and 8, Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani celebrated a grand 51st birthday for wife Nita in the PM’s constituency on Saturday.
A liberal sprinkling of religious fervour, comprising a visit to the world-famous Kashi Vishwanath temple to perform Rudrabhishek ceremony and a trip to the famous Dashashwamedh Ghat to see the Ganga aarti, has been packaged with a grand stay at the Nadesar Palace, the erstwhile home of the King of Kashi, which has hosted several royalty, statesmen and celebrities including Britain’s Queen Elizabeth. The palace is now part of the Taj Group of hotels.
While the guest list was a closely guarded secret till late evening, the buzz was afloat that after seeing the Ganga aarti, the entire Ambani family comprising mother Kokilaben, children, close friends and senior Reliance Industries officials, will attend the colourful birthday party that is to be celebrated at Gulab Bagh of the Taj Hotel. There was tight security at the hotel and no outsider was allowed to enter the premises.
“All the employees of Taj Hotel had been asked to deposit their mobiles with the management, so that they are not able to share any details,” said a source at the hotel, adding the hotel and the ghats have been decorated extensively for the event. Earlier in the day, three chartered planes landed at the Varanasi airport carrying the Ambani family and friends who had come to take part in the birthday party. While it could not be confirmed, there were rumours that the Ambani couple is likely to adopt the ghats of Varanasi in its effort to connect with the PM’s Swachch Bharat programme. It may be mentioned that Nita had taken up the Prime Minister’s ‘Clean India’ challenge and joined in a cleanliness drive in Mumbai recently.
TAGS: Varanasi Ghats
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Tata Communication Q2 net profit at Rs 92.4 crMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Global internet solutions provider Tata Communications reported a 14.8%-growth in year-on-year (y-o-y) profit after tax (PAT) driven by growth in data business, as per a company press release and historical data with the stock exchanges.
Its second quarter PAT stood at R92.4 crore compared with R80.49 crore in the corresponding period last year. The Mumbai-based telecommunications company saw a 2.4% y-o-y improvement in consolidated revenue during the second quarter at R5,071.6 crore.
TAGS: Tata Communication
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Inclusive growth  competitiveness in focus at WEF s India summitInclusive growth in focus at WEF's India summit
Agencies  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 08:21 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:26 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Policy makers, including finance minister Arun Jaitley, and industry leaders will deliberate on issues of growth and competitiveness at the World Economic Forum's (WEF) India summit that begins on Tuesday.
Under the theme Redefining Public-Private Cooperation for a New Beginning, the summit convenes against the backdrop of significant economic growth and progress in reducing poverty in most parts of India, but also persistent inequality.
The programme is built on three pillars: Boosting Global Competitiveness, Launching a Domestic Systems Reset and Scaling Local and Social Innovation.
"The meeting comes as the new government completes six months in office. Business leaders are keen to engage with the government and see how it plans to restart the investment cycle, revive demand and convert the first signs of revival into a full-fledged recovery," CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee said on the sidelines of a conference.
More than 700 leaders from business, government, civil society and academia from 45 countries will take part in the three-day India Economic Summit, organised by WEF in partnership with industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Minister of road transport, highways and shipping Nitin Gadkari, minister for human resource development Smriti Irani, minister of telecom and law Ravi Shankar Prasad and minister of state for power, coal, new and renewable energy Piyush Goyal are among those expected to participate in the summit.
The summit will see Jaitley, who also holds the portfolio of defence, share his vision of the nation's rising global influence and achieving equitable growth for its population.
Besides, it will also deliberate on how the challenges and opportunities are shaping India's growth outlook amid the rising investor interest.
The summit also entails a session on Investing in a Cleaner India, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign. It includes a session with Gadkari on analysing the initiatives needed to bridge the $1 trillion infrastructure deficit in the country.
The HRD minister will participate in a session focusing on skills development and the solutions needed to bridge the skills mismatch to make India's youth more employable.
(With inputs from PTI)

Maruti Swift  Datsun GO score  zero  in safety testHi Guest
Maruti Swift, Datsun GO score 'zero' in safety test
Photograph: Kind Courtesy, Global NCAP In yet another case of popular cars in India not meeting international safety norms, popular hatchbacks Maruti Suzuki Swift and Datsun GO of Nissan have failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP, showing high risk of life-threatening injuries. According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both ...

Watch NTSB Briefing on Virgin Galactic Crashwatch ntsb briefing on virgin galactic crash
Mukesh Bansal to play bigger role in FlipkartMukesh Bansal to play bigger role in Flipkart
Brent edges down towards $84 as Saudi s US price cuts weighBrent edges down towards $84 as Saudi s US price cuts weigh
Govt s big push to connect all police stations in IndiaGovt s big push to connect all police stations in India
Top-level recast in Flipkart; Mukesh Bansal s role expanded as CFO leavesSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
In a senior management rejig, online marketplace Flipkart has bestowed more responsibility on Mukesh Bansal, who joined Flipkart as VP-Fashion after it acquired Myntra, the online fashion store he founded. In his new role, apart from manning Flipkart’s fashion vertical, Bansal will oversee marketing at Flipkart and handle additional portfolios like computers and consumer electronics.
This apart, Ankit Nagori, who, until now, was head of Flipkart’s marketplace business, will handle the books category as well. Michael Adnani, VP-retail and head of strategic alliances, and Amitesh Jha, who heads consumer electronics and computers at Flipkart, will report directly to Mukesh Bansal.
Incidentally, Flipkart has, of late, tasted phenomenal success with exclusive brand tie-ups with mobile phone makers Motorola and Xiaomi. While Motorola is believed to have sold over 10 lakh units through Flipkart, Xiaomi sold at least 5 lakh phones.
Besides, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who has moved from Tiger Global to the helm of Flipkart’s finance department after its CFO Karandeep Singh quit in February 2013, will relinquish his position. Krishnamurthy will move back to Tiger Global, where he was finance director for the global investor’s portfolio companies. Flipkart recently hired former Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to head its finance department.
The announcement was made by Flipkart co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal in an internal email to senior employees. The letter, accessed by FE, states: “Kalyan came on board full-time in January 2013 as an interim CFO. We were facing multiple challenges in business and finance and, at that time, Kalyan was instrumental in fundamentally changing the business trajectory for us with passion and drive. Kalyan, Mukesh and Ankit will be setting up meetings with relevant stakeholders and work out the transition plan.”
Krishnamurthy had assumed the role of senior VP-Retail in March 2014. His last day at Flipkart will be November 15, the letter stated.
A Flipkart spokesperson said: “Flipkart is a new age and agile company, and organisational changes are regular for us. Realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environment we operate in.”
The new pecking order
* Ankit Nagori, who, until now, was head of Flipkart’s marketplace business, will handle the books category as well
* Michael Adnani, VP-retail and head of strategic alliances, and Amitesh Jha, who heads consumer electronics and computers at Flipkart, will report directly to Mukesh Bansal
* Kalyan Krishnamurthy, at the helm of Flipkart’s finance department, will relinquish his position. Krishnamurthy will move back to Tiger Global, where he was finance director for the global investor’s portfolio companies
* Flipkart recently hired former Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to head its finance department
 
TAGS: Ankit Nagori Flipkart Flipkart CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy Mukesh Bansal
More from companies

First post-Argentina bond contracts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d0283e4-4aec-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Challenges facing Ukraine s new governmentChallenges facing Ukraine's new government Oct 28, 2014 - 4:48 pm
Ukrainian parties that back closer ties with Europe have began talks on forming a coalition after winning the majority of seats in the country’s elections. It is a political victory for the west in its dispute with Russia over the future of Ukraine. But this is overshadowed by economic and security worries as the conflict in the breakaway Donetsk region continues. Neil Buckley, East Europe editor, talks to Fiona Symon about the challenges Ukraine’s new government will face.

Nato urged to join fight against EbolaNato urged to join fight against Ebola
Sam Jones in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a3d2844-5f67-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dia de los Muertos: Google to Sugar Skull to Book of Life  the holiday in popular art“Dia de los Muertos,” illustrated by Riley Rossmo. (courtesy of Image Comics 2013)
 
TIMED TO this weekend’s events, Google features a home-page animation today in much of North America that trumpets Dia de los Muertos, or Day of the Dead. To mark the Mexico-sprung holiday that honors our dearly departed, the Doodle features artistic signatures that surround the day, including the calaveras costuming and makeup marked with marigolds and skeletal eyes and stitched lips.
(courtesy of GOOGLE 2014)
Day of the Dead, of course, informs and enriches so much pop-cultural art at large, be it inspired by ofrendas or papel picado. The holiday’s aesthetic has spread to such a degree, you can find mashups with American-sprung pop icons — though some artists object to the modes of appropriation and popularization.
Here are five of our favorite works of art that draw inspiration from the millennia-old holiday:
1. “Sugar Skull” : The recently released third and final book in Charles Burns’s graphic-novel series — following “X’ed Out” and “The Hive” (Pantheon) — takes its title from the skull candy so popular during Day of the Dead. Burns has said that the title of this colorful comic — which deals with time and mortality, and the dead being nearby — was inspired by William Burroughs eating sugar skulls while in Mexico.
(courtesy of Pantheon 2014)
 
2. “The Book of Life” : The visually mesmerizing new film from veteran animator Jorge R. Gutierrez (Nickelodeon’s “El Tigre,” Cartoon Network’s “MAD”) delights in the afterlife, as a supernatural wager affects the love triangle of Manolo (voiced by Diego Luna), Maria (Zoe Saldana) and Joaquin (Channing Tatum). For his feature-film directing debut, the Tijuana-raised Gutierrez brilliantly invokes the look and spirit (if not spirits) of the holiday — even setting events in motion at a Dia de los Muertos festival, as Manolo travels between worlds. This artistic stunner may well be remembered by the Academy come Oscar-noms time.
 
3. “Dia de Los Muertos” : Artist Riley Rossmo’s pen is positively alive with creativity inspired by the Day of the Dead. Published by Image Comics, these stories pair Rossmo with nine different writers — including Joe Keatinge, Ed Brisson and Christopher Long — as a mariachi’s new sweetheart is oh-so-reminiscent of his long-lost one, and a girl’s dream-life involves a visit to the Land of the Dead.
4. “Rosita y Conchita” : Erich Haeger and writer-illustrator Eric Gonzalez team on this charming bilingual storybook ( Muertoons ) about two sisters — one of whom is in the afterlife — who try to connect with other on the Day of the Dead.
(courtesy of Muertoons)
 
5. “Dia de Los Muertos” : Sergio Aragones is one of my favorite MAD artists ever — and the man has barely missed an issue in a half-century. But here, the California-based cartoonist escaped the magazine (and its margins) in 1998 to bring his free-flowing whimsy to the Day of the Dead, courtesy of Dark Horse.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Vadras flare-up adds to Cong. woesPTI Robert Vadra. File photo
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Mr. Vadra angrily pushed the microphone of a reporter away yesterday
As if serial electoral defeats, dissension in its ranks and discordant voices on the leadership issue were not enough to rankle the Congress, party president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra added to its woes on Sunday.
The party appeared to be on the back foot defending Mr. Vadra’s attempt to intimidate a TV news reporter on Saturday night in the name of upholding the privacy of a private citizen.
Ms. Gandhi visited Mr. Vadra’s Lodhi Esate residence on Sunday afternoon, adding to the speculation on the issue. The Congress remained tight-lipped over the visit, but issued a statement saying the incident was being “propagated as part of a political agenda.”
I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar said his Ministry would take “strict action” if it received a complaint.

Govt to cooperate with Mauritius to safeguard Indian OceanGovernment to cooperate with Mauritius to safeguard Indian Ocean
PTI     Port Louis   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 11:10 IST
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj
The Indian Navy is committed to ensuring the safety and security of the strategically vital Indian Ocean region in cooperation with the coast guards of Mauritius, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Sunday.
"Maritime security is of vital significance for an island nation like Mauritius as well as for a country with a vast coastline like India," Swaraj said in her speech in Port Louis.
"A large part of our trade passes through the vast expanse of the Indian Ocean. Safety and security of the sea-lanes is thus indispensable for our territorial, economic and energy security," she added.
"The Indian Navy is committed to ensuring the safety and security of these sea-lanes in cooperation with the National Coast Guard of Mauritius," she said.
Swaraj is on a three-day visit to the Indian Ocean nation, to celebrate 'Apravasi Divas', marking 180 years since the first Indian indentured labourers arrived in Mauritius.
Three ships from the Western Fleet of the Indian Navy namely, INS Mumbai, INS Deepak and INS Talwar were also docked in Mauritian waters on Sunday to enhance and deepen security ties.
"These ships have been deployed to Mauritius with a view to qualitatively enhancing our long standing and multi-faceted cooperation in ensuring peace, stability and maritime security in the Indian Ocean region," Swaraj said.
"This will go a long way in further strengthening our deep-rooted cooperation and that our friendship, including in defence sector , will grow from strength to strength in times to come," she added.
Earlier in the day Swaraj met Mauritian President Rajkeswur Purryag and Prime Minister Navinchandra Ramgoolam and discussed bilateral and regional issues of common interest.

Argentina accuses P&G of tax fraudLast updated: November 3, 2014 5:54 pm
Argentina accuses Procter & Gamble of tax fraud
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6db23586-631c-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G.K. Vasan quits Congress  to float new partyG.K. Vasan quits Congress, to float new party
PTI
GK Vasan (file photo)
Chennai, Nov 3:  
Dealing a blow to the struggling Congress, its senior leader and former union minister GK Vasan today quit the party and announced his decision to float a new outfit in Tamil Nadu.
Blaming those who were entrusted with the affairs of Congress in Tamil Nadu for failing in their duty to strengthen the party, Vasan announced at a crowded press conference here that he and his supporters have decided to resign from Congress.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced soon at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly," he said.
Vasan said the approach of AICC in Tamil Nadu was not satisfactory in achieving its goal which prompted him to resign from the party.
“To achieve the goal in Tamil Nadu, there should be a different direction, a different approach from AICC, which we are not satisfied with. We are having a new path.... we feel it will be a victory path”, he said in stout defence of his new move.
The decision by Vasan to disassociate from Congress, brings to end to his 14-year-long association with the grand old party following the merger of Tamil Manila Congress floated by his father GK Moopanar.
Former Tamil Nadu unit Congress president B S Gnanadesikan, who resigned the party post last week was also present with Vasan.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Create more jobs in non-farm sector to address poverty: Pranab Mukherjee'PM Modi visits boost India's perception as investment destination'
President Pranab Mukherjee today said more jobs need to be created in non-farm sector as employment creation is the most potent tool for bringing down poverty.
Addressing a summit on livelihood security, he also asked the industry to create a mechanism for income opportunities and capacity building through corporate social responsibility (CSR).
While emphasising on the need for providing livelihood security to the poor and realising the dreams of young India, he said that achieving these two tasks pose a formidable challenge considering India has only 2.4 per cent of world’s geographical area and 17 per cent of the global population.
“In India, the high incidence of poverty of over 60 per cent that prevailed six decades ago have come down to over 30 per cent now. …Even then a sizeable number of about 270 million remained below the poverty line as on 2011-12. Our goal now is ‘poverty elimination’ and not merely ‘poverty alleviation’,” Mukherjee said at an Assocham event.
Since the average age of an Indian will be 29 years by 2020, the country not only has to find gainful employment to engage the growing manpower but also to equip them with capacity and expertise, he said.
Stating that job creation is the most potent tool for wiping out the curse of poverty, the President said there is a “freeze in fresh farm jobs” owing to over-employment and therefore more jobs needed to be created in non-farm sector.
“To lift the pressure off the farm sector, more jobs in non-farm sector are required to be created through a paradigm shift from primary to secondary agriculture,” he added.
Highlighting that food processing sector provides a window for generating jobs in rural areas and small townships, Mukherjee said: “Developing this sunrise sector calls for greater investment in infrastructure like cold chains, handling, packaging and transportation.”
Even as he called for creating more jobs in non-farm sector, he said efforts should be made to make agriculture a viable and rewarding profession by improving farm yields through intervention of modern technologies.
TAGS: Corporate Social Responsibility Non Farm Sector Pranab Mukherjee
More from economy
Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week Government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.

Assocham pitches for deferral of GAARAssocham pitches for deferral of GAAR
KR Srivats
Chamber not in favour of the new Direct Taxes Code
New Delhi, November 3:  
Industry body Assocham has sought deferment of the introduction of General Anti-Avoidance Rules (GAAR) under the Indian income-tax law.
The income-tax law must be amended immediately so as not to introduce GAAR from assessment year 2016-17 (financial year 2015-16), Assocham said in a memorandum to Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das.
This was a part of a set of recommendations to the Government after the Chamber’s 11th International Tax Conference held in the capital in early October.
Tough rules
GAAR is a set of rules framed to minimize tax avoidance. Under this concept, tax authorities in a country deny the tax benefits of transactions or arrangements which do not have any commercial substance. At this juncture to introduce GAAR as part of the tax law is not warranted, the apex industry chamber has said.
Assocham has said that neither the Indian economy is mature enough to stand up to the exacting standards of GAAR examination nor is the tax administration ready to handle a such a sophisticated instrument.
If GAAR is introduced at this stage, it will act as a handle for harassment of taxpayers, thus making the tax administration more adversarial, the chamber has said.
Direct Taxes Code
Assocham is also not in favour of the enactment of a new Direct Taxes Code (DTC). It has urged the Modi-led Government not to introduce DTC as it would entail more cost than benefit.
A certain level of stability has been achieved with the present law.
At this juncture, introduction of a new law with new concepts will only unsettle the situation and more time will be spent on understanding it and putting in place a mechanism to administer it, the chamber has said.
On the controversial issue of indirect transfer of shares, Assocham has suggested that the provisions to tax such gains be applied prospectively, with effect from April 1, 2012. The income-tax law was amended in Budget 2012 to clarify that indirect transfer of shares abroad would be a taxable transaction.
However, this amendment was made applicable on a retrospective basis, from April 1, 1961. Industry is now lobbying for a change of stance by the Modi-led Government, so as to make the provision prospective.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Fall in 10-year G-sec yields opens up treasury gain opportunities for banksFall in 10-year G-sec yields opens up treasury gain opportunities for banks
KR Srivats
Many public sector lenders likely to book treasury profits in third quarter
New Delhi, November 3:  
Public sector banks are in a “sweet spot” in the ongoing third quarter as they are in a position to make some tidy treasury gains on their Government securities’ portfolio, say bankers.
This will be possible given that the yields of the benchmark 10-year G-secs has seen a sharp downward spiral from a level of 8.85 per cent in March this year to 8.26 per cent on Monday.
For banks with G-sec as holdings beyond the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) requirement of 22 per cent, the latest downward spiral of G-sec yields is a godsend, given the weak growth in credit offtake. The downward spiral means appreciation in the price of these securities, leading to potential gains that could be booked as profits by banks holding 10-year G-secs.
Booking treasury gains will bolster the bottomline for several public sector banks that are already bearing the brunt of a sharp decline in credit offtake this fiscal. “The sharp downward spiral in yields of 10-year G-secs has come as a big relief for most banks. This will result in banks booking more treasury gains in third quarter than in the first two quarters,” V Kannan, Chairman and Managing Director, Vijaya Bank, told BusinessLine.
However, the actual strategy would be bank-dependent although the opportunities for treasury gains have certainly increased for all banks, he said.
The extent of treasury gains that could be booked would depend on the proportion of the securities that is kept under the Held-to-Maturity and Available-for-Sale categories, it was pointed out. The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to — once a year — shift securities from HTM to AFS. Although many banks opted for this in the first quarter, they could not entirely offload them in the market in the first quarter.
Benefits to vary
The average yields had fallen 10-20 basis points in the first two months of the current fiscal compared with the position in March. But now the extent of the downward spiral is significant, given that yields have dropped 60 basis points between March and now, leaving room for banks to book sizeable treasury gains, say bankers. “The quantum of benefit will vary. It all depends on whether banks want to book gains now or wait,” SR Bansal, Chairman and Managing Director, Corporation Bank, said. There was a possibility of yields going further down in the coming days, he added.
PSBs see treasury gain opportunities not only from their own holding of G-secs, but also from trading in such instruments. In the first quarter of this fiscal, the treasury gains were good. However, in the second quarter they were quite modest. The third quarter will present better opportunities, a banker said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Stainless steel imports from China to double in 2014‘Stainless steel imports from China to double in 2014’
Our Bureau
Industry Association wants support for domestic stainless steel production
New Delhi, November 3:  
The pressure on domestic stainless steel manufacturers will intensify with imports from China expected to double to 0.25 million tonnes (mt) in 2014, according to the Indian Stainless Steel Development Association.
“We had been tracking the production and supply on a monthly basis, and in July, August and September, the production in China was an average 1.8 mt against a consumption of 1.3 mt,” said NC Mathur, President ISSDA.
Surplus
This results in an average surplus of 0.5 mt a month, which would mean China would have a surplus of 3 mt in (the second half of) 2014, he added.
“Last year, they exported 0.13 mt to India while this is expected to increase to 0.25 mt.” Domestic stainless steel manufacturers have an installed capacity of 5 mt a year, but are operating at less than 50 per cent capacity, producing only about 2.7 mt a year. Demand for stainless steel in India is around 2.4 mt.
Looking forward
“All we are asking for is a level-playing field. The Government can either increase the import duty on finished stainless steel products to 12.5 per cent from 7.5 per cent currently or reduce the import duty on our raw materials to zero from 2.5 per cent now,” said Mathur. He added the Government’s Make in India campaign and plans to build smart cities could lead to additional demand for stainless steel.
“Although we are among the top markets for stainless steel globally, our per capita consumption is still 2 kg against a world average of 6 kg. There is a lot of scope for increasing the per capita consumption.”
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Bankers work on rated P2P securitisationsSantander and BlackRock work on first rated P2P securitisations
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be8b6772-6365-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Speculators force rouble to extend slideSpeculators force Russia rouble to extend slide
Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db8f3666-6377-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central bank moves drive market  dollar at new highs vs yen  euroDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Ebola mission brings pride to CubaMedical mission against Ebola brings pride and fear to Cuba
Marc Frank in Havana
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ace7caa-5ed0-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gloves are off for Sprint and T-Mobile US© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/faca5f7e-2c4a-11e4-8eda-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sprint  could have been worse© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/bc8553f4-1d81-11e4-8f0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Argentinas debt battle arrives in LondonArgentina’s debt battle arrives in London with High Court appeal
By Elaine Moore and Benedict Mander
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d84f3f5e-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Argentina seeks its own shale boomArgentina seeks its own shale boom
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ecbb792-6044-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraines self-declared republics hold elections© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25cbb9aa-6299-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil slide makes for messy OctoberOil slide and growth concerns make for ‘messy’ October
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/873cf1c4-6355-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei 225 jumps 4.1%Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Oil price fall offers mixed blessings for JapanOil price fall offers mixed blessings for Japan
Louise Lucas and Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1356a23c-5518-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fresh elections likely in Delhi as parties tell L-G Jung they wont form govtComments
Delhi is likely to have elections soon as leaders from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and AAP informed lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung on Monday they still did not have the numbers to form a government.
Party leaders met Jung though the day to discuss the possibility of forming a government in Delhi which has been under President’s Rule since the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government quit in February after being in office for 49 days.
 
“L-G held consultations with the leaders of the three political parties to explore the possibility of government formation. All the parties expressed their inability to form the government,” said an official statement from the L-G’s office.
Jung announced plans to look at forming a government after the Supreme Court last week slammed the Centre and the L-G over what it termed the “Delhi deadlock”.
Delhi has been gripped by political uncertainty for about eight months, with none of the three parties in a position to form a government. The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
The BJP is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive wins in the Lok Sabha and recent assembly elections.
  
BJP sources said they want to go for fresh elections in February and form a government with a clear majority. A BJP delegation led by its Delhi president, Satish Upadhyay, and senior leader and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung on Monday.
“We have made our stand clear to the lieutenant governor. Our party has been maintaining since the beginning that we will not indulge in any kind of manipulation,” said Upadhyay.
Congress legislator Haroon Yusuf also told Jung that his party wanted the Delhi assembly dissolved. “We have been consistent on our stand that no party has numbers to give a stable government in Delhi and this is what we told the L-G also. We recommended that the house should immediately be dissolved and fresh elections be announced in the Capital,” he told reporters after meeting Jung.
While speculation about Congress MLAs breaking away from the party to support the AAP and BJP was rife, the Congress party managed to keep its flock together in the past few months.
 
The AAP, which has repeatedly accused the BJP of trying to poach its legislators to form the government in Delhi, reiterated it was in favour of elections.
“Our stand is what it was eight months ago. We want the Delhi assembly to be dissolved,” said AAP leader Manish Sisodia  after meeting Jung along with Kejriwal.

FiveThirtyEight goes for gold at ESPNNate Silver’s FiveThirtyEight goes for gold at ESPN
Matthew Garrahan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d55f0a54-634b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World Cup sets US live streaming recordWorld Cup sets US live streaming record
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f5d3d20-0204-11e4-ab5b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ESPNs Candy DishESPN’s ‘Candy Dish’
By Gautam Malkani
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/421cb312-21fd-11e3-bb64-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt may not cut rail fares despite fall in fuel pricesHi Guest
Govt may not cut rail fares despite fall in fuel prices
Railways has no plans to review passenger fares in wake of recent drop in fuel prices, Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda said. Any decision in this regard would be taken when Railways reviews the fuel adjustment component (FAC)-linked revision scheme, Gowda told reporters to a question in this regard. The scheme is reviewed every six month and the next review is slated in December. "There is an equation to calculate the fuel price. It comes up after six months," he said. Railways had in June ...

US rejects  illegitimate  elections in eastern UkraineUS rejects  illegitimate  elections in eastern Ukraine
Privacy not an absolute right: GCHQ headespionage and intelligence
The new director of Britain’s surveillance agency GCHQ says U.S. technology companies have become “the command and control networks of choice for terrorists” and must do more to help the work of security and law enforcement agencies.
Robert Hannigan said Islamic State, more than any militant group before, was using mobile technology and social media such as Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp to spread its message while hiding behind complex encryption tools, posing a greater challenge than ever to security services.
“GCHQ and its sister agencies, MI5 and the Secret Intelligence Service, cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support from the private sector, including the largest U.S. technology companies which dominate the web,” he wrote in an article for the Financial Times.
Privacy groups and some British lawmakers have accused GCHQ of widespread illegal monitoring of electronic communications after former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents last year disclosing details of its activities and those of its U.S. counterpart, the National Security Agency.
Mr. Hannigan, just days into his new job, said that GCHQ needed to show that it was accountable for the data it used, but added that privacy “has never been an absolute right”.
“I understand why (tech companies) have an uneasy relationship with governments. They aspire to be neutral conduits of data and to sit outside or above politics,” he said. “(But) however much they may dislike it, they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us,” he said, adding that some tech firms appeared to be in denial about the misuse of their technology.
Mr. Snowden’s leaks, published in newspapers internationally, indicated that GCHQ and the NSA had intercepted and monitored phone, email and social media communications on a massive scale, causing global uproar. In a speech made last month, Iain Lobban, outgoing chief of GCHQ, said only a “miniscule” percentage of global emails, texts and images were stored, viewed or listened to.
Mr. Hannigan, whose appointment was announced in April, has previously advised former Prime Minister Tony Blair on the peace process in Northern Ireland and sat on Britain’s joint intelligence committee for many years.
Representatives at Facebook and WhatsApp were not immediately available for comment. Twitter declined to comment.

Inclusive growth in focus at WEF s India summitInclusive growth in focus at WEF's India summit
Agencies  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 08:21 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:26 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Policy makers, including finance minister Arun Jaitley, and industry leaders will deliberate on issues of growth and competitiveness at the World Economic Forum's (WEF) India summit that begins on Tuesday.
Under the theme Redefining Public-Private Cooperation for a New Beginning, the summit convenes against the backdrop of significant economic growth and progress in reducing poverty in most parts of India, but also persistent inequality.
The programme is built on three pillars: Boosting Global Competitiveness, Launching a Domestic Systems Reset and Scaling Local and Social Innovation.
"The meeting comes as the new government completes six months in office. Business leaders are keen to engage with the government and see how it plans to restart the investment cycle, revive demand and convert the first signs of revival into a full-fledged recovery," CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee said on the sidelines of a conference.
More than 700 leaders from business, government, civil society and academia from 45 countries will take part in the three-day India Economic Summit, organised by WEF in partnership with industry body Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Minister of road transport, highways and shipping Nitin Gadkari, minister for human resource development Smriti Irani, minister of telecom and law Ravi Shankar Prasad and minister of state for power, coal, new and renewable energy Piyush Goyal are among those expected to participate in the summit.
The summit will see Jaitley, who also holds the portfolio of defence, share his vision of the nation's rising global influence and achieving equitable growth for its population.
Besides, it will also deliberate on how the challenges and opportunities are shaping India's growth outlook amid the rising investor interest.
The summit also entails a session on Investing in a Cleaner India, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign. It includes a session with Gadkari on analysing the initiatives needed to bridge the $1 trillion infrastructure deficit in the country.
The HRD minister will participate in a session focusing on skills development and the solutions needed to bridge the skills mismatch to make India's youth more employable.
(With inputs from PTI)

India Incs sales slow  but profits rise in Sept quarterHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
India Inc’s sales slow, but profits rise in Sept quarter
Bhavana Acharya
Falling input costs, interest outgo help boost profitability
BL Research Bureau:  
Sales have risen by a mere 6 per cent year-on-year for companies that have declared September quarter results so far. That’s a sharp decline from the 13 per cent and 14 per cent growth in the two preceding quarters, respectively. But cheaper inputs and efforts to curb debt have helped boost both operating and net profit.
Net profit rose by 18 per cent in the July-September 2014 period over the year-ago period, compared with 22 and 12 per cent in the June and March quarters, respectively. These numbers are for the 474 companies, excluding banks and financial institutions, that have declared results so far.
Material relief
While the decline in crude oil prices has been recent, other industrial inputs have been drifting down for a while. The stronger rupee has also made imported inputs cheaper. Companies have made the most of these trends in the July-September quarter.
Raw material costs as a proportion of sales came in at 45 per cent for the entire sample, down from 47 per cent in the September 2013 quarter. Cheaper coal helped cement companies pare their raw material bill; ACC and Ambuja Cements, for example, saw their material-to-sales ratio dip by four percentage points in the September quarter compared to the year-ago period.
Weak coal prices also bettered the cost situation for steel companies, compensating for muted selling prices. JSW Steel, for example, saw material prices shrink 2 per cent in the September quarter. Sectors such as tyres, consumer durables, construction, and real estate also saw fortunes improve on cheaper inputs.
These savings helped lift operating profit margins to 18.3 per cent compared with 17.5 per cent in September 2013 quarter. Margins have, in fact, been inching higher over the past three quarters. With prices of crude oil waning, base metal prices benign and the rupee steady, raw material prices look set to decline in the coming quarters as well. While the RBI has not cut its policy rates yet, interest costs for companies did drop.
For many, efforts to pare debt through asset sales or raising funds via equity seem to have paid off. Interest outgo dropped 1 per cent in the September quarter over the previous year, having previously shrunk 5 per cent in the June quarter.
Bharti Airtel, for instance, sold a stake in its overseas tower business to pare debt. Its consolidated interest outgo dropped 38 per cent in the September quarter compared to a year ago. Maruti Suzuki has also been lowering its interest burden over the past few quarters.
Telecom companies saw their collective net profits move up 121 per cent on lower interest costs. Cement companies saw a near-doubling in net profit in the September quarter . The automobile and consumer durables sectors also bettered their sales and profit growth. And FMCG and media companies kept up the momentum in profit growth.
Net profit margins for corporate India improved to 11 per cent in the September quarter compared with 10 per cent in the year-ago period. But with several companies yet to declare their numbers for the quarter, both the growth and margin numbers are liable to change.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Like corporate executives  babus too can now do MBA from ISBYou are here: Home > Collections > Isb
Like corporate executives, bureaucrats too can now do MBA from ISB without skipping work
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
department of personnel and training
(ISB runs a similar MBA programme for…)
NEW DELHI: Senior government officers, much like their counterparts in the private sector, will get to arm themselves with an MBA degree from the prestigious Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad without taking a long break from work.
In a first such initiative, the Centre has tied up with ISB for a one-year management programme in public policy, to be launched from April 2015, which civil servants and IPS officers can attend through short-term residences lasting just a month in all over the year. This will allow the officers to undertake the programme while continuing with their jobs.
ISB runs a similar MBA programme for senior private executives who have demanding work schedules and high level of responsibilities at work. The 15-month programme requires executives to attend a week-long classroom learning every sixth week at ISB campus that entails teaching on all seven days, allowing them to study without quitting their full-time jobs.
The business school has tailored a new course on similar lines for the government, which will not have to spare its officers for a full year, especially "when the selected officers are holding important positions or organisations are facing shortage of officers", the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said in a October 27 circular.
The programme has been structured in a manner that the officers will be required to attend even shorter residencies than the private sector executives. "The course is proposed to be delivered through a hybrid model with short-term residencies coupled with online and Internet mediated training. Unlike other long-term programmes, the programme is structured with minimum relocation of officers from their workplaces, allowing them to continue with their current assignment during duration of the course," the circular said.
The officers will have to travel to ISB campus in Hyderabad only six times for five days each during the year-long course, which will include intensive classroom sessions on all such days while the rest of the course will be through online teaching and an e-learning module, according to the DoPT . The entire cost of the course, nearly Rs 13 lakh, and cost of the officers' travel to Hyderabad will be borne by the government, which will treat the officers as "being on duty" for purpose of pay and allowances.
ISB is ranked 36 in Financial Times' global MBA rankings and some of the international institutions associated with it include London Business School, MIT Sloan School of Management and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi government working on Yoga modules for officialsYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi government working on Yoga modules for officials
Soma Das, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ayurveda
(Modi, who has been practising…)
NEW DELHI: At a time when corporate houses are setting up gyms on office premises to help their employees stay fit, government officials across the country may get to dip into yoga and pranayam to heal their body and mind.
Police personnel may be the first to get to practise yoga on a regular basis at work as the department of personnel and training has urged the department of AYUSH, the nodal agency for Ayurveda and other alternative medicines, to work out such plans for government officials.
The department of AYUSH may start with a pilot of yoga modules for policemen, officials familiar with the matter told ET, adding that the feasibility of running such a programme for a larger government workforce is also being examined.
"AYUSH department is working on a proposal to introduce yoga among the police forces. Depending on how it goes and after considering other practical aspects, we will mull over scaling it up for other government officials" said an official, requesting not to be named.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has been practising yoga for years and raves about its benefits, gave a call for observing International Yoga Day while addressing the UN General Assembly in September.
The idea has gained momentum, with about 50 countries including the US, China, Canada, Japan, Brazil and South Africa endorsing it till last week by signing up for cosponsorship of a draft resolution which India's UN mission is preparing to declare June 21 as International Yoga Day.
Government officials and police forces in the country have a lot to gain from yoga and pranayam if it is institutionalised and made part of their habitual repertoire, said Acharya Balkrishna, co-founder of Patanjali Yogpeeth, part of Patanjali Group of Institutions founded by yoga guru Baba Ramdev.
"It will not only help the government workforce keep physically fit and mentally agile but also make a positive difference to their attitude and the way they serve the society," said Balkrishna, citing results of a psychosomatic research Patanjali conducted on lakhs of people of different age groups a few years ago. Particularly for police personnel, who by the very nature of their work are exposed to stressful environment, aggression and violence, yoga and especially pranayam can be the perfect way to de-stress, he added.
Shortly after the Modi-led government took over, the DoPT had in July held a weeklong yoga camp in a central Delhi neighbourhood for government officials and found the response "very encouraging".
It is a matter of pride that our government officials are on their own taking such initiatives to embrace this valuable branch of our heritage, Balkrishna said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JD (U) expels four rebels who lost their Assembly membershipPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:29 am
The JD(U) on Monday expelled four rebel leaders, days after the Bihar Assembly Speaker terminated their membership for cross-voting during the Rajya Sabha bypolls.
The four former MLAs — Gyanendra Singh Gyanu, Ravindra Rai, Rahul Sharma and Niraj Kumar Singh —have, however, moved the Patna High Court against the Speaker’s decision.
JD(U) state president Bashistha Narayan Singh said the party expelled the four leaders for anti-party activities. They had cross-voted in the recent Rajya Sabha bypolls, forcing Nitish Kumar to seek RJD’s help to ensure victory of his party’s three nominees.
Reacting to the development, the four said that their expulsion was “expected as the party played a role in terminating their Assembly membership.”
Former Barh MLA Gyanendra Singh said: “The state president is rubber stamp of Nitish Kumar. The Speaker’s decision is a mockery of the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.”
The four ex-MLAs have also filed a joint plea in the Patna High Court against termination of their membership. Talking to The Indian Express, former Chhatapur MLA Niraj Kumar said, “We moved the Patna HC today against the Speaker’s order. We have prayed the order didn’t take into consideration that we had not violated any provision of the 10th Schedule during the cross-voting.”
The 10th Schedule of the Constitution allows disqualification on ground of defection if the lawmaker votes or abstains from voting in the House contrary to the direction issued by the political party to which he/she belongs. However, no whip was issued by JD(U) before the Rajya Sabha byelections.
Bihar Assembly Speaker on Saturday had cancelled the membership of the MLAs. Though 18 JD(U) MLAs had cross-voted during the RS polls, JD(U) had complained to the Speaker against Gyanendra Singh, Niraj Kumar, Ravindra Rai (Mahua) and Rahul Sharma (Ghoshi).

Unknown facts about Aishwarya Rai BachchanCelebrity
Birthday Special: Unknown facts about Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
One of the world’s most beautiful women turned 41 this weekend but age failed to age her. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is still a stunner. Now, after losing oodles of weight, she is looking extremely ravishing. That’s what determination does to you and for you.

Unauthorised disclosure on black money can hit probeArun Jaitley says unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:07 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
Lashing out at those, including the Congress party, who want the government to make names of black money holders public, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Sunday said unauthorised disclosure of such names can sabotage investigation and benefit the guilty.
"An unauthorised disclosure of information is fraught with both investigation and economic consequences. They can sabotage the investigation. They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes," he said in a Facebook post on a day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that all efforts would be made to bring back black money stashed abroad.
Questioning those demanding disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties, Jaitley said: "The Congress Party's stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses?"
The Minister exuded confidence the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which has been entrusted by the Supreme Court with the investigation, will succeed in bringing out the truth and the NDA government made available all the names in its possession to the SIT on 27th June, 2014 itself.
"The NDA Government has had an exemplary record in this matter... It will continue to support the SIT fully and unequivocally in search of truth," Jaitley said.
The choice before the government was between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, he said, adding that the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition.
"It will help in collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong doing in accordance with law and fair procedure. A disclosure without evidence would ensure that evidence is never available," he added.
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio, Modi said bringing back black money from outside the country is an "article of faith" for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
Last week, the government had submitted to the Supreme Court in sealed envelopes details of 627 account holders in HSBC Bank Geneva.
The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Jaitley said disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties will help account holders as the reciprocating state could refuse to provide any evidence in support of the unauthorised account.
"The holder of the unauthorised account in the absence of any proof and confirmation from the reciprocating State would get the benefit in any investigation or prosecution and then claim that 'I stand vindicated'," he said.
A pre mature disclosure, Jaitley said, would additionally alert the account holder to prepare some documentation or a sham defence and would also provide him opportunity to destroy evidence.
Jaitley said India could not participate at a recent meeting of 50 countries in Berlin on automatic exchange of information as the prevalent view is that confidentiality clauses are unconstitutional in Indian law.
"This view requires reconsideration. An automatic exchange of information would relate both to authorised and unauthorised movement of money," he said.
Referring to the US legislation FATCA, which also contains the confidentiality clause, Jaitley said the Reserve Bank has cautioned the government of serious consequences in case India fails to comply with the American legislation.
"The consequences of not signing the agreement with US under FATCA would be disastrous. It will negate the efforts being undertaken by our government to revive the Indian economy, he said.
The Reserve Bank too has cautioned the Government about the "serious and adverse consequences" of non-compliance of FATCA by India. Several countries have already subscribed to FATCA," he said.
Under Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), the exchange of information between the countries is subject to a confidentiality clause.

Babus race against time to fulfil year s goals in 6 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
Bureaucrats racing against time to achieve a year's goals in six months
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Kumar Seth
(On Saturday, Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: For India's top bureaucrats, there's little time to while away on the golf course or at Delhi Gymkhana Club . They are racing against the clock, trying to achieve revised full-year targets in half the time—there's less than six months left for the end of the financial year.
But that's not all. On Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked all secretaries to advance budget work by three months and visit their first place of posting for a reality check. The same day, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), under Modi's direct charge, advised bureaucrats to replicate a Gujarat scheme and pursue volunteer works of a social nature but not at the cost of their responsibilities at work.
The cabinet secretariat had written to 72 ministries and departments asking them to submit annual goals in revised result framework documents (RFDs) for 2014-15 for approval by a high-powered committee chaired by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth . "With the new government in Centre, the priorities of the government have been revised," the letter said.
RFDs had been prepared and submitted in April, detailing targets for the year. But the cabinet secretariat asked all ministries on June 16, and again on September 15, to align these with the BJP's manifesto and the president's address to Parliament after the new government took charge at the end of May.
"All ministries submitted their fresh RFDs last week with targets having timelines from October till next March. Effectively, ministries have about five months left to achieve the new targets for year 2014-15," a senior government official told ET.
For example, DoPT's fresh targets include drawing up a policy for inducting private talent into government, preparing an online system of performance appraisals for bureaucrats and creating an e-record room by scanning all files over the last 10 years.
The cabinet secretariat in September asked the telecom department to include the BJP's promise of Wi-Fi zones in public areas in its revised RFD. The petroleum ministry was asked to incorporate the BJP's intent on coming out with a national energy policy, taking steps to maximise the potential of oil, gas, ocean, wind and nuclear resources and promoting the concept of proactive carbon credits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi settles case against Artech Power ProductsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Capital market regulator Sebi has settled a case relating to violation of disclosure norms against Artech Power Products after the company paid about Rs 7 lakh as settlement fee.
Artech Power Products had allegedly failed to make disclosures with regard to its shareholding pattern for the 1998-2011 period, within the prescribed time limit.
Passing a consent order on October 31, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said that “this settlement order disposes of the said adjudication proceedings pending in respect of the applicant (Artech Power Products).”
Accordingly, the regulator had issued a show cause notice to the company with regard to alleged violations.
Subsequent to show cause notice, the company had proposed to settle the case against it by offering Rs 7,09,750 as settlement charges under Sebi’s consent order mechanism.
Thereafter, Sebi’s High Powered Advisory Committee (HPAC) considered and recommended that the case can be settled on payment of the proposed amount following which the company made the payment.
The HPAC recommendations were also accepted by the panel of whole time members of Sebi, following which the company has remitted the amount to the market regulator.
As per the Sebi consent order, the regulator could take enforcement actions, including reopening of the pending proceedings against Artech Power Products, if any representation made by the company are found to be untrue.
Under consent mechanism, entities can seek to settle cases with the regulator after payment of certain charges and other expenses without admission of guilt.
TAGS: Aretech Power Products Sebi Sebi-artech Power Case
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Tata Communication Q2 net profit at Rs 92.4crMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Global internet solutions provider Tata Communications reported a 14.8%-growth in year-on-year (y-o-y) profit after tax (PAT) driven by growth in data business, as per a company press release and historical data with the stock exchanges.
Its second quarter PAT stood at R92.4 crore compared with R80.49 crore in the corresponding period last year. The Mumbai-based telecommunications company saw a 2.4% y-o-y improvement in consolidated revenue during the second quarter at R5,071.6 crore.
TAGS: Tata Communication
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

J&K DIGs son posts photos of Dad & I enjoying perks ofpowerInstagram photographs posted by DIG Shakeel Beig’s son. From left: A man helps the DIG put on his shoes; a securityman doubles up as a caddie for DIG’s son; a man holds an umbrella for Beig.
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: October 29, 2014 4:58 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 8:25 am
The son of a top Jammu and Kashmir police officer has posted a series of photographs on Instagram that show his father’s apparent abuse of power. The photographs have gone viral on social networking sites, evoking angry reactions.
One of the photographs shows a man — apparently a policeman — sitting near the feet of Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Jammu, Shakeel Beig and helping him put on his shoes. The caption with the photograph , posted by Beig’s son, who goes by the name Tonybeig on Instagram, says: “Real king – My Dad!! Last time he put his shoes himself was almost 15 years ago #BossLife #King xx.”
In another photograph, the DIG’s son, who is in his 20s, has given the caption: “Motivation right here! Traffic and this is how police and gunmen clear traffic when my dad is on the road! #power #king #guns.” The photograph shows a police Gypsy surrounded by armed policemen.
Another photograph shows the DIG, a recipient of President’s Police Medal this year, coming out of a building with his son, surrounded by policemen. A man behind the DIG is holding an umbrella. The caption reads: “Dad and I. #Security, #Guns and #Umbrella even when there is no sun or rain ;).”
It does not end here. Tonybeig has also posted his own picture, playing golf. In the caption, he says, “Golf with Dad before next (flight).” In this picture, an armed security man is acting as the caddie. He is holding the flag stick for the DIG’s son at a golf course.
The pictures, which are also being circulated on Facebook and WhatsApp, have received angry reactions. “Let’s throw up on these nauseating pictures. Utterly disgusting,” reads a comment on Facebook. “I for a second thought it is Saddam Hussain,” writes another Facebook user.
When contacted, DIG Beig laughed it out. “Has The Indian Express reached this level?” he asked. He then cut short the call, saying he is in a meeting and will get back later.
A postgraduate in Bio Sciences, Beig joined Kashmir Police as a Deputy Superintendent of Police. He was later inducted into IPS. He has bagged several medals for “meritorious and distinguished” services.

Supreme Court not to make black money list public; leaves it toSITPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 1:23 pm
Complying with the Supreme Court’s order , the government on Wednesday placed before the court the complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva. Stating that almost half these names are under tax probe for allegedly stashing black money abroad,  the government said charges have to be filed by March next year.
As directed by the court on Tuesday, the documents containing names of the account holders, correspondence with French authorities and the status report of the probe conducted so far in the black money case were submitted in separate sealed covers by Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi. The court said it would not make the names public at this juncture.
ALSO READ: Government says its hands tied, defers tax treaty signing 
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, Rohatgi said almost half the account holders were resident Indians, who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws, while the others were NRIs. Some have already admitted that they have accounts and have paid taxes, he said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur, said the court would not have asked for the entire list if the government had not opposed its directive to disclose everything.
“All this problem did not start because we wanted the list but because you came out with an unnecessary application asking for modification of our original order of 2011. We had already told you that our only concern is to get the black money back,” said the bench.
“We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention. You should not have pressed this application of yours, especially after petitioner-in-person senior advocate Mr Ram Jethmalani made those sarcastic remarks against you when you mentioned the new plea,” it said.
The bench was referring to the government’s application that sought modification of the 2011 order to enable it to release only selective information about account holders under probe.
The court said it had already constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the case. “The SIT knows its job. They are not laymen. They may devise their own procedure if required. We had to ask you to give us the list because you filed this application. They will decide whether Income Tax or CBI or Enforcement Directorate need to probe,” it said.
Rohatgi conceded that that the government’s intent was perhaps “misunderstood” and he would not press his application anymore in the court.
The court directed that the documents be sent to the SIT, to be opened only by Chairman M B Shah and Vice-Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court who are part of the SIT.
Asking the SIT to submit a status report by November-end, the bench said the SIT would proceed in accordance with the law and could also evolve its own procedure with regard to the future course of investigation.
Rohatgi said the entire list had already been given to the SIT on June 27, but the court retorted: “We don’t even know if the list that you have given to us is the same list that you have given to the SIT. It now for them to verify everything… it is for the SIT to now make use of these documents.”
The next hearing of the case has been scheduled for December 3.

RSS meets HRD  tells Minister to correct historyPrint
RSS and its affiliates have been pushing for a revamp of the education system ever since the NDA came into power this year.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav , Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 31, 2014 5:01 am | Updated: October 31, 2014 5:02 am
Senior representatives of the RSS and its affliliates in the education sector Thursday asked Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani to “correct” the history taught in schools to highlight Indian heroes, and the role played by Hindu culture and its leaders in shaping the country.
This suggestion was among the main points raised by 22 representatives of 11 organisations during their meeting with Irani at Madhya Pradesh Bhawan. According to sources, Irani did not promise anything in her response, and spoke only for about 10 minutes, but noted every suggestion and asked for written submissions in some cases.
This was the sixth such meeting between Irani and the RSS affiliates since May, and assumes significance with the government yet to decide on policy changes in the sector and with many crucial appointments still pending at central universities, IITs, IIMs and other institutions.
“The representatives told the Minister that the future generation should learn the true history of India. They said that what children are now taught is the version the West wanted India to learn. They felt that Indian children were not familiar with real Indian heroes. For example, one of them said today’s children knew little about national heroes from the south,” the sources said.
BJP leaders J P Nadda and Ramlal, and top RSS functionaries Suresh Soni, Krishna Gopal and Dattatrey Hosbale were among those who attended the meeting. One notable absentee was Dinanath Batra, who famously forced Penguin India to withdraw American scholar Wendy Doniger’s book “The Hindus: An Alternative History”. The organisation that Batra heads — Shiksha Bachao Andolan, created by an RSS affiliate Vidya Bharti – was represented by Atul Kothari.
The representatives also sought a revamp of the country’s education system, suggesting that the government needs to focus on “quality, competitiveness and affordability”. They also wanted the ministry to make education more “knowledge-based instead of information-based.”
They suggested a review of Jan Shikshan Sansthans (JSS), alleging mismanagement in these district-level resource support agencies. The Indian Express had reported on April 8, 2013 about how a quarter of these Sansthans, approved by the HRD ministry, belonged to leaders of key political parties or their relatives and friends from both the earlier NDA government and the UPA regime that followed.
According to sources, the RSS has grouped its frontal organisations under six broad categories — Arthik Samooh, Sewa Samooh, Shiksha Samooh, Suraksha Samooh, Jan Samooh and Vichar Samooh — to interact with the government and BJP. Organisations in these groups started their latest round of interactions Tuesday, with Irani attending Thursday’s meeting with organisations under Shiksha Samooh. RSS’s BJP liasion Krishna Gopal and his predecessor Soni have been a common feature in all the meetings.
“This is to give government continued…

Reveal all names in black money list tomorrow  Supreme Court tellsCentrePrint
The government on Monday had disclosed in the Supreme Court eight more names against whom it has initiated prosecution under the Income Tax Act for allegedly stashing black money in foreign banks.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 29, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 29, 2014 10:25 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the Centre to disclose to it on Wednesday all the names being investigated for allegedly stashing black money abroad, and questioned why the government was “holding a protective umbrella for these people”.
Throwing a spanner in the case being heard for the past five years, a bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu directed the government to hand over, in sealed cover, on Wednesday the lists of all the names received from foreign governments, irrespective of the nature of treaties between the countries. The court order came as a surprise since it was hearing a fresh application by the government for, in fact, restricting the disclosure.
ALSO READ: Nothing to hide but Germans protested, others may too, says A-G
“Don’t give us two or three names but all the names. Give us the entire list… whatever you have got from Germany, France, Switzerland and other countries. What you have disclosed could be a tip of the iceberg. This is going to be the first step now —disclose everything. We can’t leave the issue completely to you (government). It may never happen during our time,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur.
The government had on Monday informed the court about three entities — two individuals and a mining company along with its five directors — who were being prosecuted under the Income Tax Act for allegedly keeping black money in foreign bank accounts.
The court also said that the government did not have to choose the manner and the mode of probe into the matter and all that it needed to do was to place everything before the court, which may also rope in CBI to investigate. The bench said the court had in 2011 issued orders for complete disclosure of information received from foreign governments and it would hence also take the responsibility of ensuring the case reaches its logical end.
“Why do you (government) want to investigate? You don’t have to take the trouble of investigating. Why are you bothered? Why are you holding a protective umbrella for these people? You just pass on all the information to us and we will decide. We can ask even CBI to investigate. We are not helpless. We had passed the original order in 2011 and we will take the responsibility now as well,” it said.
Attorney General Mukul continued…

Delhi Court to hear arguments on charges against Bhatkal on Nov 29Print
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 5:59 pm
A Delhi court today fixed November 29 for hearing arguments on framing of charges against suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives, including its co-founder Yasin Bhatkal who were arrested by NIA for their alleged role in a conspiracy to carry out terror activities across the country.
Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna, to whom the case has been transferred, would hear afresh arguments on framing of charges which were earlier being heard by District Judge I S Mehta.
National Investigation Agency (NIA) had earlier filed a supplementary chargesheet in the court against 20 suspected IM in which it had said that IM’s Pakistan-based founder Riyaz Bhatkal had suggested adopting tactics used in the 2013 Maoist
strike in Chhattisgarh on Congress leaders for eliminating politicians.
Before that, the agency had filed two chargesheets in the case against nine suspected IM operatives, including Yasin Bhatkal and his close aide Asadullah Akhtar alias Haddi who were arrested by NIA on August 28, 2013 in the case. Yasin Bhatkal and Asadullah Akhtar are in judicial custody.
NIA, in its recent supplementary chargesheet filed in September this year, has named suspected top IM men Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Tahseen Akhtar, Ariz Khan, Md Sajid, Shahnawaz Alam, Mirza Shadab Beg, Amir Reza Khan, Md Khalid, Mohsin Choudhary, Haider Ali, Md Saleem Ishaqui and Afif Jailani as accused in the case.
Besides them, alleged IM men Abu Rashid, Zia-ur-Rehman, Abdul Khadir Sultan Armar, Md Shafi Armar, Md Hussain Farhan, Md Rashid and Anwar Hussain were also named in the chargesheet by NIA.
It, however, did not find enough evidence to chargesheet suspected SIMI operative Abu Faisal in the case.

Shiv Sena warns politicians over Dalit murdersSonia Gandhi has to continue mentoring Rahul for Congress' revival: Tarun Gogoi
Describing the triple murders in a Dalit family at Javkheda village as ‘gruesome’ and ‘inhuman’, the Shiv Sena today said the new BJP government should ensure that “selfish” politicians and naxals don’t exploit the situation to spread violence.
“On one hand there is widespread anger among people as a result of these killings and on the other hand naxalites have started issuing threats once again. Former Home Minister R R Patil had first highlighted this naxal connection. The new government should make sure that Javkheda murders do not become a tool for spreading violence by selfish politicians and naxalites,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
It said that new CM Devendra Fadnavis should ensure strong action is taken against those guilty of the gruesome and inhuman act.
“It is true that the Fadnavis government has just taken over the reins of the state. Since these killings have moved people emotionally, it is necessary that his government takes stringent steps immediately. Strong action should be taken against the perpetrators of the crime,” the Sena said.
Over the course of October 21 and 22, villagers of Javkheda Khalsa in Ahmednagar retrieved dismembered body parts of a mason, Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayashree (38) and their teenage son Sunil (19), from a well, and strewn all around the land owned by Jadhav.
Strongly condemning the murders, NCP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, who visited Javkheda, had urged political parties to come together and help relatives of the victims.
Governor Vidyasagar Rao had recently directed the State Director General of Police, Sanjeev Dayal, to appoint a Special Task Force (STF) to probe the murders after meeting a delegation led by RPI President Ramdas Athawale at the Raj Bhavan in Mumbai.
TAGS: Dalit Family Murder Case Javkheda Village Jhavkheda Village Murdre Case Shiv Sena On Jhavkheda Village Murder Case
More from miscellaneous
Delhi police look for Uber driver accused of rape Delhi police were searching for a driver from the international taxi-booking service Uber for allegedly raping a young woman...

G K Vasan quits Congress; to float new partySonia Gandhi has to continue mentoring Rahul for Congress' revival: Tarun Gogoi
Dealing a blow to the struggling Congress, its senior leader and former union minister G K Vasan today quit the party and announced his decision to float a new outfit in Tamil Nadu.
Blaming those who were entrusted with the affairs of Congress in Tamil Nadu for failing in their duty to strengthen the party,
Vasan announced at a crowded press conference here that he and his supporters have decided to resign from Congress.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced soon at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly”, he said.
Vasan said the approach of AICC in Tamil Nadu was not satisfactory in achieving its goal which prompted him to resign from the party.
“To achieve the goal in Tamil Nadu, there should be a different direction, a different approach from AICC, which we are not satisfied. We are having a new path…. we feel it will be a victory path”, he said in stout defence of his new move.
The decision by Vasan to disassociate from Congress, brings to end to his 14-year-long association with the grand old party following the merger of Tamil Manila Congress floated by his father G K Moopanar.
Former Tamil Nadu unit Congress president B S Gnanadesikan, who resigned the party post last week was also present with Vasan.
TAGS: Gk Vasan Gk Vasan Quits Congress Gk Vasan's New Party Gk Vasan's New Party Tamil Nadu
More from miscellaneous
Delhi police look for Uber driver accused of rape Delhi police were searching for a driver from the international taxi-booking service Uber for allegedly raping a young woman...

US becomes partner for Vibrant Gujarat SummitPrint
By: Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: November 3, 2014 8:28 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:32 pm
The United States on Monday became the 8th partner country for Vibrant Gujarat Global Investor Summit 2015. So far it had refrained itself from previous editions of biennial business event given the diplomatic visa ban on former CM Narendra Modi invoked in 2005 for alleged violation of religious rights during 2002 communal riots.
The Gujarat Government has taken the economical giant on board when only two months are to go for seventh edition of three-day event to be inaugurated on January 11 by Modi, now PM at Gandhinagar.
“We are a partner country now”, said a senior official from US commercial service department that is handling the issue from its Ahmedabad office.
Chief Minister Anandiben Patel also on Monday in a letter to US Ambassador Kathleen Stephens accepted their expression of interest to become a partner. Last week, Stephens had in an official email to Patel tendered apologies for delay in joining as partner country and formally expressed intention in this regard. That was first official correspondence by US.
Stephen was extended an invitation by Patel in August during her maiden visit to Gujarat. Besides, her predecessor Nancy Powell was also extended a similar invitation by then CM Modi in February 2014. Powell had paid a courtesy visit to Modi after he was selected Prime Ministerial candidate by the BJP. The first official correspondence came two weeks after US consular general Thomas Vajda during his Gujarat visit had made an announcement in this regard while talking to media. .
Japan, Australia, Canada, Great Britain, Netherlands, Singapore and South Africa are already on board.,
“US is the eighth country to join VGGIS as partner”, said Gujarat Government spokesperson and health minister Nitin Patel. It will have a booth in Vibrant Gujarat Trade Show and will present a country seminar in the summit.
The members of US India Business and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies will also be taking part, said spokesperson.
Stephens in her letter last week had also expressed possibility of strengthening business ties by inviting Indian and Gujarat government officials for training in labour workforce and skill development with Manufacturing Extension Partnership under department of Commerce.
Modi, who following visa ban could not make a US trip during his 13-year-long tenure as Gujarat CM, in September made a first tour as PM. There he had also met CEOs of fortune 500 countries. These CEOs are expected to attend the summit, which so far has seen participation by captains of India Inc in big number.

Minissha Lamba evicted from the Bigg Boss houseCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

CID questions top RSS functionary over suicide casePrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 3, 2014 9:02 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 9:19 pm
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat was questioned for over two hours on Monday by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of the Karnataka police in connection with the mysterious death of a close relative of a woman who has brought a sexual assault case against Raghaveshwara Bharati the head pontiff of the influential Ramachandrapura Mutt in Karnataka.
Shyam Shastri, the brother-in-law of a 47-year-old former singer at the Ramachandrapura Mutt who has filed a sexual assault case against Raghaveshwara Bharati, allegedly committed suicide at his residence in the Kedila village near Puttur in Dakshina Kannada district two months ago.
The suicide occurred three days after the singer and her husband were arrested for allegedly threatening other singers with a singing troupe attached to the Ramachandrapura Mutt.
The CID police called Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat the south India communications chief of the RSS in for questioning on Monday after call details of the dead man revealed that Bhat was one of the persons who spoke with Shastri on the day of his suicide.
CID sources said that Bhat had accepted the fact that he had spoken several times to Shastri ahead of his death but he denied any role in the death. Bhat has told the police that Shastri was a friend.
The CID police in Karnataka on the directions of the Congress government in Karnataka are investigating a series of alleged sordid allegations and counter allegations involving the chief pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt and his associates.
The daughter of a 47-year-old singer formerly associated with the Mutt has filed a police complaint accusing the head pontiff Raghaveshwara Bharati of sexually assaulting the singer on several occassions while she was associated with the Mutt.
Supporters of the pontiff have filed complaints against the singer and her family accusing them of extortion and blackmail apart from threatening singers attached to the Mutt. The CID is also probing the suicide of the singer’s brother in law that occurred in the middle of the rival accusations.
The sordid affair also witnessed on Sunday the arrest of two persons for posting obscene comments on the Facebook page of the singer’s daughter – who filed the sexual assault case against the head pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt.
The Banashankari police in south Bangalore arrested Sanath Palapaddi a farmer from the Mysore region and Santosh an insurance agent for posting abusive and obscene comments questioning the characters of the young woman and her family.

Aviva Life fined for violating fair business practicesAviva Life fined for violating fair business practices
Cong expels Vasan  says cadre opposed himCong ‘expels’ Vasan, says cadre opposed him
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 3:  
The decision of senior Congress leader GK Vasan to resign from the party on Monday and form his own outfit in Tamil Nadu has once again brought to the fore the incapability of the party high command to take timely decisions on organisational issues, say political observers.
People close to Vasan, son of the late Congress leader GK Moopanar, say they had been complaining to the leadership about the “undemocratic” functioning of a section of party leaders, including Mukul Wasnik, AICC general secretary in charge of Tamil Nadu, and former Finance Minister P Chidambaram.
However, the Congress leadership here made it clear that Vasan’s exit was a result of the resistance by the cadre against his efforts to control the State unit. Congress spokesperson Ajoy Kumar said Vasan had been expelled from the party.
The party high command took the decision on the basis of “inappropriate” comments made by Vasan about the party and its leadership, he added. Vasan’s exit would not impact the party in the State as most of the cadre were with the Congress, not the Vasan faction, Kumar emphasised.
Setback for party
However, some Congress leaders said Vasan’s resignation would be a setback for the party, which is trying to regain lost ground in the State with both the DMK and the AIADMK facing a leadership crisis. The inroads made by the BJP in Tamil Nadu are also a cause for worry for the Congress leadership.
Party vice-president Rahul Gandhi used to cite the “successful” membership drive of the Youth Congress a couple of years ago to prove that a big section wanted to free the State from bipolar politics. However, the Vasan faction argued that the campaign had been held without doing any ground work and the “gigantic” figures claimed by the State Youth Congress leadership were “manipulated”.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Dated laws  policy grey areas worry e-commerce playersDated laws, policy grey areas worry e-commerce players
DEBABRATA DAS
Amazon, Uber recently expressed concern over lack of clarity in regulation
New Delhi, November 3:  
E-commerce players such as Amazon and Uber feel that dated laws and lack of clarity in regulations are the biggest risk for their India operations.
Industry observers say that the country’s laws need to keep pace with the rapid development of the e-commerce sector.
The world’s largest e-retailer Amazon.com Inc last week acknowledged the risks of operating in India. In its quarter results filing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission, Amazon said there are “substantial uncertainties” regarding the interpretation of Indian laws.
“If our international activities were found to be in violation of any existing or future Indian laws or regulations, or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, our businesses in those countries could be subject to fines and other financial penalties, have licenses revoked, or be forced to shut down entirely,” Amazon said.
While the parent company announced a $2 billion investment in Amazon India, the operations in the country now face an uncertain future with Karnataka mulling changes in its Value Added Tax regime.
It isn’t just Amazon. San Francisco-based cab operator Uber has been asked to change its payment mechanism by the Reserve Bank of India. Uber allows users to download a mobile application after asking for credit card details. Unlike traditional payment gateways in India, which have a two step-verification, Uber’s international payment gateway directly charges the card after every trip.
Open to interpretation
Domestic start-ups Flipkart and Snapdeal, which are now valued at $7 billion and $2 billion respectively after multiple rounds of investments from private equity funds, have also been in the eye of the storm. Brick-and-mortar retailers are crying foul and have asked the Commerce Ministry to step in.
“The rules that exist are dated and there is less clarity and lack of transparency. This leaves the rules open to interpretation and open to judgement on the investor’s best call,” Sanchit Vir Gogia, Chief Analyst and Chief Executive Officer, Greyhound Research told BusinessLine.
“There is definitely a need for specific rules and regulations for consumer protection,” he added.
But, lack of clarity in laws has not deterred investments. According to retail consultancy firm Technopak, e-commerce firms have raised more than $3 billion in over 150 deals between 2012 and October 2014.
Arvind Singhal Chairman Technopak said, “At about $32 billion (net revenues) by 2020 end, e-tail will account for 3 per cent of the total merchandise retail in India, even if e-tail grows faster than the current projections it is not likely to be more than 5 per cent of the total retail in 2020 and 10-12 per cent of the total retail by 2025.”
“The primary reason for increase investments is the large consumer base and the potential demand from India,” said Greyhound Research’s Gogia.
(Input from Meenakshi Verma Ambwani)
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Hasmukh Adhia to replace G S Sandhu as Financial Services SecretaryHasmukh Adhia to replace G S Sandhu as Financial Services Secretary
Shishir Sinha
Hasmukh Adhia
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
The Government has now transferred Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu. He will be replaced by Hasmukh Adhia.
According to an order posted on the website of Department of Personal and Training, Sandhu, a 1980 batch Indian Administrative Service officer of Rajasthan cadre will be new Chairman of National Authority for Chemical Weapon Convention. Sandhu is the second Secretary among five Secretaries in the Finance Ministry who has been shifted after Arvind Mayaram in last few days. Mayaram was Finance and Economic Affairs Secretary. In fact, Mayaram was transferred twice in 15 days and finally shunted to less important Minorities Affairs Secretary. 
Sandhu will be replaced by 1981 batch Indian Administrative Service officer of Gujarat cadre officer Adhia. Adhia is presently posted in Gujarat.
After this reshuffle, the General Budget for 2015-16 will be presented by new team of Secretaries with Rajiv Mehrishi as Economic Affairs Secretary (who is also likely to be nominated as new Finance Secretary because of his seniority), Expenditure Secretary Ratan Watal, Revenue Secretary Shaktikantha Das, Financial Services Secretary Adhia and Disinvestment Secretary Aradhana Jauhri with Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

How to overcome trade barriersHow to overcome trade barriers
ENAMUL HAQUE
Better quality management, adhering to global norms may help boost agri exports
November 3, 2014:  
Agriculture and food exports have always been an important part of the country’s foreign trade. In recent times, there have been a lot of fluctuations in exports of select commodities in food and farm categories. Though a single factor cannot be responsible for the fluctuations, the factor can be termed as a major one.
According to a study conducted by Exim Bank (Mumbai) and National Institute of Agricultural Marketing (NIAM), Jaipur, between 2009 and 2013, there have been several instances of loss in markets on account of different hurdles such as sanitary and phyto-sanitary measures (SPS), technical and tariff barriers, lacuna in foreign trade policy, etc. Most of the losses have been recorded in products such as meat, fish, crustaceans, molluscs, dairy products, bird’s eggs, honey, live trees, bulbs, flowers, ornamental plants, edible fruits and nuts, etc.
The study reveals some specific lost opportunities such as in Japan from 2008 onwards in export of cut flowers, which earned $291 million at one point of time. This loss has been witnessed on account of stringent quarantine measures followed by Japan.
Addressing the issues
There is a need for strong and effective actions to tackle the challenges faced by the food and agricultural exports industry so that exporters can again make their presence felt in the markets which have been lost. This calls for better and sustainable quality management of export products at production and post-production levels, supported by adequate policy intervention by the Government. An opportunistic approach needs to be adopted to tackle the issues.
The Strategy
There is need for addressing the issues related to SPS by adopting global standards and regulations. Need for strict inspection and supervision of exporting units is required during licence and post-licence periods. The Government has to play a vital role in regulating the adoption of better standards for production, processing, packing and transportation by processors and exporters. Though the adoption of standards is a costly affair for exporters, in the long run, these could fetch higher returns.
There are two types of SPS posed by various countries: SPS notification against any specific trade partner/(s) and SPS notification against all trading partners.
The Exim Bank-NIAM study reveals that Indian exporters are responding well to those SPS notifications which are raised specifically against India. It was also found that in the product for which a country is notifying specific SPS measures against India, its exports increased in the subsequent years.
However, SPS measures raised against all trading partners have not been addressed properly by Indian exporters. For such products, exports in the post-notification period dropped.
The SPS and tariff barrier issues causing damage to agricultural exports can be identified at different level of value chain of the product. These levels may be pre-production (planning for input), production, storage, transportation, processing, packaging etc. In order to identify the problems at specific level in value chain, there is need of establishing value chain for commodities of export interest.
For example, the SPS issues related to maximum residue limit of pesticides haveto be addressed at the farm level and the quality of the product has to be maintained at the transportation and storage levels. Similarly, issues relating to labelling requirement of a processed product have to be addressed at processor/exporter level.
Role of Apeda/ Mpeda
Apeda and similar agencies need to play a proactive role in collection and dissemination of information related to SPS and trade barriers. Apeda should ensure that the exporters comply with the changing global norms.
Linkage with WTO
All SPS and trade barriers are notified to the World Trade Organisation.
Along with Apeda, processing and exporting companies should keep regular track of these notifications in their information management system.
Linkage with NEPs
All countries notifying SPS or trade barrier measures should open a National Enquiry Point (NEP) so that exporters/importers and other stakeholders can get detailed clarification on the changed standards and regulation.
There is a need for ensuring a detailed enquiry of the issues from these NEPs to understand the situation to take effective action in addressing the issue.
Intervention at farm level
In the entire value chain of a commodity, communicating with almost all the actors is easy compared to communication with farmers, who are dispersed over a vast geographical area.
Also, there is no certainty that a farmer will grow a particular product during different years.
Thus, maintaining a track of farmers is quite difficult. It is a difficult task to reach out to all farmers, though not impossible.
The NIAM, Jaipur, should take the responsibility of mapping the value chain of each export oriented crop.
It may help in intervening at different level of production and post-production activities.
Once the value chain is established, it may also help in promoting traceability of food and agro products.
The writers are associated with NIAM (Jaipur) and EXIM Bank (Mumbai)
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Swallowing the toads of Colombias peace processSwallowing the toads of Colombia’s peace process
The country deserves every bit of help in reaching a Farc peace deal
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50aa6ef2-635a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wagah ceremony does not flagUpdated: November 4, 2014 03:22 IST
Wagah ceremony does not flag
Suhasini Haidar
Jawans of the BSF and Pakistani Rangers at Beating Retreat ceremony on the Attari-Wagah international border on Monday, a day after the blast. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
Death toll reaches 61; 21 persons held
In a show of resolve against Sunday’s terrorist attack at Wagah in Pakistan, the Pakistan Rangers and Border Security Force held a sombre flag lowering ceremony at the border on Monday amid heightened security on both sides.
The death toll in the suicide bombing has reached 61. Pakistani police arrested 21 people over the attack. Investigators also found more explosives near the site, including a suicide jacket and an IED.
Apart from the Jundullah, two other factions of the Tehreek-e-Taliban have claimed responsibility for the attack.
The ceremony was held at the request of the Pakistan Rangers, reversing an earlier decision to discontinue it for three days.
Spectators were turned away on the Indian side, but across the border, spectators filled the stands.
Trade traffic across the border came to a halt on Monday, but bus and train services continued as usual.
Carrying 129 passengers, the Samjhauta Express left for Lahore in the afternoon while the Delhi-Lahore bus Sada-e-Sarhad, carrying eight passengers, crossed into India as per schedule.
Officials are discussing extra security measures for the nearly 2,000 Sikh pilgrims travelling to Pakistan’s Nankana Sahib to celebrate Gurpurab later this week.

Wind power revival: Rs 20k cr investment in ...Wind energy sector in India expected to attract Rs 20,000 crore of investments
Anindya Upadhyay, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.31AM IST
Tags:
accelerated depreciation
(Accelerated depreciation…)
NEW DELHI: India's sluggish wind energy market is set for a revival following the restoration of a depreciation incentive, which is expected to attract about Rs 20,000 crore of investments next year as companies across sectors add 3,000 MW of capacity powered by this renewable source of energy.
The reintroduction of accelerated depreciation (AD), which was withdrawn in 2012, is poised to support equipment manufacturers, including Suzlon Energy Ltd, the country's largest wind turbine maker, which received 150 MW of orders soon after the benefit was brought back.
"Investment of Rs 20,000 crore is expected in the next fiscal year, with 70% coming as debt. Rs 5,000-6,000 crore can come from equity. Keeping the potential of wind energy in mind, it's still not big money," Chintan Shah, President (Strategic Business Development) at Suzlon, told ET.
Accelerated depreciation allows a higher level of an asset's value to be written off in the first few years, reducing taxable income. The government proposed reintroducing the benefit in July. Wind power accounts for the biggest chunk of India's renewable energy capacity. Reinstatement of AD makes wind energy attractive for captive use by companies and some even want to hive it off as a separate business unit due to stable long-term returns.
"We've been investing in wind energy since 2006 and stopped during 2013-14 when AD was withdrawn. Back in 2006, investment in wind was a taxsaving tool but that's no more the case. We're hiving it off into a separate business vertical," said Sharad Saluja, Director, Sterling Agro Industries, the maker of Nova dairy products.
The company, which has plants in Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, plans to add 20-30 mw each year until 2017, investing about Rs 300 crore, with 13 megawatts already under commissioning, Saluja said. Ayurvedic pharmaceutical firm Shree Baidyanath Ayurved Bhawan is setting up an independent power unit to harness wind power. "We're investing close to Rs 450 crore towards the addition of 75 MW of wind energy this year. In the long term, we'd like to scale it up to 500 MW," Baidyanath MD Pranav Sharma told ET. Global consultancy firm KPMG is advising the company for the setting up of Baidyanath Private Power Ltd.
Cement behemoth Holcim Group , which owns ACC and Ambuja Cements , plans to invest Rs 120 crore to add 20 MW of wind power to its existing 26.5 MW, which is the combined capacity of both units. Small and medium enterprises, Surat-based zari exporter Sumilon Industries, like are equally enthused and hope to become more efficient by using cheaper clean power.
Surat-based zari exporter Sumilon Industries, which meets half of its energy needs through wind power, plans to add 4.2 MW over the next two years to its existing 7.4 MW capacity.
"We plan to be a green company in the next five years. Since windmills are expensive, without AD, wind energy is not viable," said Sumilon Industries Director Nikunj Jariwala.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shifts in investment patterns and internal problems signal end to strong growth©Andrew Burton/GettyImages
In this report
As growth continues to slow at home, many Chinese companies are looking abroad to make investments, enter foreign markets and acquire valuable technology and brands

Gold Deposit Scheme too costly for middle classYou are here: Home > Collections
MMTC Pamp urges government to reduce minimum deposit for opening account under gold deposit scheme
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
current account deficit
(The scheme, which was launched…)
NEW DELHI: Gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp has urged the government to reduce the minimum deposit required for opening an account under the gold deposit scheme , arguing that such a move will help bring gold stock held by gene ral public in circulation, thereby reducing India's dependence on imported gold and narrowing its current account deficit.
The scheme, which was launched in 1999, stipulates a minimum deposit of 500 gm (1/2 kg) which takes it beyond the reach of most households. MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland's PAMP, said the scheme will become more attractive for general public if the minimum requirement was reduced to 40 gm.
"The government is aiming to reduce the current account deficit (CAD). We feel if the scheme is able to tap 1per centof the 25,000 tonne gold lying in bank lockers in the country, it will balance the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down CAD. The Reserve Bank has said the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for the notification by the finance ministry," said Rajesh Khosla, managing director, MMTC Pamp.
India imports 600-650 tonne of gold per annum to meet 800-900 tonne of domestic demand. As India's first London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) good delivery refinery accredited for gold and silver, MMTC Pamp aims to be the enabler for the gold monetisation scheme by carrying out collection, purity verification and even acting as the handler of gold for banks.
CAD, which is the excess of foreign exchange outflows over inflows, stood at $7.8 billion in the first quarter of 2014-15.
After oil, gold is the second-largest item on India's import bill. Rising CAD has weighed on the Indian rupee, which was 61.50 to a dollar on Monday.
Khosla said his company proposed the minimum requirement of 40 gm after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country.
"In 15 years, the government was able to garner only 15 tonne of gold. Why didn't the scheme work and consumers go for it is what we asked the people. Here, 60 per cent respondents said that if we get down the minimum deposit from 500 gm to 40 gm, they will deposit gold," he said.
Khosla said people can deposit a broken bangle or jewellery with a missing stone that is lying in the bank locker.
"As a scheme, you give us the gold and we will determine the gold content in your presence and get you a value. From here the banking system takes over and manages it as a currency. One can earn 3.5per cent tax-free interest annually for the gold deposited, if the scheme is implemented," said Khosla. He said two Mumbai-based banks have already expressed interest in the proposal." Banks don't like gold, but paper gold," he said. Since the past one year, MMTC Pamp has been encouraging small refiners and jewellers to sell scrap or swap it for gold. It has also set up two purity verification centres in Delhi and will be opening three more in Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Delhi this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan s Nikkei Surges  Other Markets SubduedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

India plans to step up safety on world s most dangerous roadsIndia plans to step up safety on world s most dangerous roads
Obama declares Hawaiian lava flow to be major disasterObama declares Hawaiian lava flow to be major disaster
Another Gujarat cadre IAS officer gets plum posting in Modi govtHi Guest
Another Gujarat cadre IAS officer gets plum posting in Modi govt
In yet another secretary-level change, government appointed Hasmukh Adhia, a 1981 Gujarat cadre IAS officer, as the new Financial Services Secretary replacing G S Sandhu. Sandhu, a 1980 Rajasthan cadre IAS officer, has been made Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention. The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has approved appointment of Adhia as Secretary of Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, according to a late night statement issued by ...

Signet Industries gets contract worth Rs 120 crWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Thomas Cook (India) arm to merge subsidiariesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Thomas Cook (India) arm to merge subsidiaries
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Thomas Cook (India) said its subsidiary IKYA Human Capital Solutions has proposed the merger of the latter’s subsidiaries Magna Infotech, Avon Facility Management Services and Hofincons Infotech & Industrial Services with itself.
IKYA has informed the parent company that the board of its subsidiaries had approved the merger scheme.
In a communication to the stock exchange, Thomas Cook (India) said IKYA would like to integrate and consolidate its subsidiaries to streamline its business in India.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Ashok Leyland Sales up 23% in OctAshok Leyland Sales up 23% in Oct
Interest Income Props Up BoI Q2 ProfitInterest Income Props Up BoI Q2 Profit
Sustainable Economic Growth Alone Can Revive IPO MarketSustainable Economic Growth Alone Can Revive IPO Market
Honda Siel Power Products standalone net profit rises 21.75% in the September 2014 quarterHonda Siel Power Products standalone net profit rises 21.75% in the September 2014 quarter
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia dips as Japan outperforms  dollar close to highsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia dips as Japan outperforms  dollar close to highs
India calls for global action to strengthen nuclear securityIndia calls for global action to strengthen nuclear security
PTI
Tweet
United Nations, Nov 4:  
Recognising the threat of nuclear terrorism, India has called for effective international cooperation and responsible action by governments to strengthen nuclear security and prevent non-state actors from acquiring vulnerable atomic material.
“There is widespread recognition that the threat of nuclear terrorism is one of the pressing challenges facing the international community. Responsible national action and effective international cooperation are therefore required for strengthening nuclear security to prevent vulnerable nuclear material falling into hands of non-state actors,” First Secretary in the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations Abhishek Singh said.
IAEA annual report
Singh, in a statement on the annual report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) at the UN General Assembly here yesterday, had said India has consistently supported IAEA’s important role in facilitating national efforts to strengthen nuclear security and in fostering effective international cooperation.
He said as part of implementation of the arrangement with IAEA concerning India’s voluntary contribution to the Nuclear Security Fund, the services of Indian cost-free expert in information security are being provided to the Division of Nuclear Security of the IAEA.
Universal adherence to CPPNM
Singh noted that the universal adherence to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials (CPPNM) and early entry into force of its 2005 Amendment would go a long way in strengthening global efforts in the area of nuclear security.
The amended convention would make it legally binding for states’ parties to protect nuclear facilities and material in peaceful domestic use, storage as well as transport.
Singh said India is party to CPPNM and is among the countries which have ratified the 2005 amendment to the Convention.
Singh emphasised India’s commitment to harnessing the benefits of nuclear energy for electricity production while according the highest priority to nuclear safety and security.
“India will need to rapidly raise the energy production to meet its growing energy requirements to achieve its developmental goals. Nuclear energy is an essential component of our energy basket,” he said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Crude oil prices extend lossesCrude oil prices extend losses
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 4:  
Oil prices extended losses in Asia today after leading global producer Saudi Arabia slashed its export prices for the US market, while hiking them for Asia.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for December delivery fell 40 cents to $78.38 in mid-morning trade, below its lowest settlement point since June 2012.
Brent crude for December delivery was down 38 cents at $84.40.
WTI dropped $1.76 in late New York trade on Monday, while Brent crude plunged $1.08 in London.
“Oil prices suffered another body blow... after it was reported that Saudi Arabia cut its selling price to the US possibly in a bid to compete with US shale oil,” Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said in a commentary.
Riyadh lowers oil prices
Dow Jones Newswires had said yesterday that Riyadh had lowered its December prices for oil shipped to the United States, where its market share has been hit hard by the rise in domestic production from shale deposits.
Saudi Arabia raised the prices for its oil in other locations, including Asia, where the country has cut its prices for four straight months, Dow Jones Newswires reported.
The move by Saudi Arabia comes ahead of a key production meeting of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) on November 27 in Vienna.
The cartel is expected to deliberate on whether to trim its current 30 million barrels per day output to prop up prices.
Saudi Arabia, long the world’s key producer, has wrestled with its options of cutting output to shore up prices or reducing prices to defend its market share.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Bharti Softbank picks up 36.5 percent in ScoopWhoop startupBharti Softbank picks up 36.5 percent in ScoopWhoop startup
Farm  services fuel states GDP growth  not factoriesPrint
Written by Siddhartha Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:17 am
THE Centre’s plan to push through the ‘Make in India’ scheme to transform India into a global manufacturing hub may face an uphill challenge as some of the country’s largest states including Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra have witnessed a decline in manufacturing sector growth despite witnessing healthy economic expansion.
Data available with the Reserve Bank of India shows that contribution of the manufacturing sector in each of these states as declined while services and agriculture and allied activities are the main contributors to the net state domestic product (NSDP).
For six consecutive years since 2008-09, the largest contribution from agriculture and allied activities in absolute numbers has been to Uttar Pradesh, with the state generating Rs 92,163 crore or 22.8 per cent of its net state domestic product from agriculture in 2013-14, registering a 2.5 per cent growth in the sector.
Last year, the contributions from the sector, after Uttar Pradesh, were greatest in Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and West Bengal. In comparison, manufacturing contributed 10.46 per cent to UP’s net state domestic product in 2013-14 from a share of 11.03 per cent in 2008-09.
Madhya Pradesh’s growth rate of about 11 per cent last year — the highest across India — was a result of improvements in the agriculture sector that contributed 30.7 per cent of the NSDP, with the services sector pitching in about 57.2 per cent to its economy. However, manufacturing contributed just 8.11 per cent to the state economy last fiscal, down from 12.84 per cent in 2008-09.
In order to attract investments into the state and boost the manufacturing sector, Madhya Pradesh also held the Global Investor’s Summit recently where according to the state government, maximum expressions of interest were in energy and infrastructure sectors.
Even in the case of Maharashtra, which has the most number of factories in the country, the share of manufacturing has seen a steady decline from a high of 19.36 per cent in 2008-09 to 16.46 per cent last fiscal.
Economists believe that the data must also be seen in the context of domestic and international developments.
“Say for instance, the demand for automobiles in the world is going down. If one of India’s states has a heavy automobile industry base, the exports for the state will go down. The effect on its economy will be very evident. But it will only be clear if you place the state in context of the larger picture globally. You can’t just say that the state is performing poorly,” said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings.
Low demand from global markets along with high interest rates and policy uncertainty in the domestic economy slowed down the industrial activities at the national level as well.
In 2013-14, manufacturing sector contracted 0.7 per cent and pulled down the GDP growth rate to less than five per cent. While the manufacturing sector at present contributes 14 per cent to the GDP, the government aims to take it up to around 25 per cent in the next 10 years.
Forecasting a revival in industrial activities continued…

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy: Dharmendra PradhanPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:55 pm
After unveiling major reforms since Bharatiya Janata Party’s storming to power, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan plans to overhaul the exploration policy to attract investors, spur energy output and revive the economy.
In parallel, the Ministry is setting stiff targets for state explorers like ONGC to reverse the declining trend in oil and gas output in recent years as it looks to cut on import dependence.
Pradhan, 45, wants to replace the 15-year old production sharing regime, which has produced more controversies and less oil and gas. Only three out of the 252 blocks given out have come to production stage. The new regime aims to inspire confidence in investors and require minimal government intervention.
“We want to increase ease of doing business in India. Bottlenecks have to be removed, red-tapism cut and investors given confidence so that they can come and invest in oil and gas exploration and production,” he told PTI here.
The focus is on raising domestic oil and gas production beginning with state explorers ONGC and Oil India, who had in the immediate past not met their own stated targets. They have been given a 10 per cent improvement target so as to cut imports, he said.
Top most on priority is monetisation of small and marginal fields lying with ONGC with help of private investment as well as technology, he said.
Natural gas pipeline network in the country will be doubled to 30,000 kilometres by 2019 to expand the reach of environment-friendly fuel. Also, state refineries are being asked to improve efficiencies to become globally competitive even as fuel retailing is opened up for competition.
“We have set priorities and targets at every level – upstream, midstream and downstream. Efficiencies have to improve. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has showed how the same set of people under the same system can deliver better results,” he said.
While the house is set in order, Pradhan wants India, which spent USD 143 billion to import crude oil last year, to diversify its purchases to guard against geopolitical risks in some of the world’s biggest suppliers.
“I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from US, which currently does not allow oil exports. We will look at Russia and Latin America too,” he said.
Global oil prices slumping by 25 per cent from about USD 115 for a barrel in June to USD 85 or so, last week emboldened the government to press ahead with politically risky decisions of scrapping controls on diesel prices and raising natural gas tariff for the first time in four years, in a bid to lure investors and revive the economy.
“I consider these as big ticket reforms,” Pradhan said, adding that the government has also announced a 10-point reform of PSC for early monetisation of fields.
For the next licensing round, the experience of nine rounds of New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) where government entered into Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with explorers, like Reliance Industries, will be used.
The PSC regime, where explorer continued…

As gold smuggling rises  DRI calls for lower import dutyPrint
The 330% rise in smuggled gold comes even as imports have jumped by around 450 per cent year-on-year in September touching $3.75 billion.
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:16 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 1:21 am
Seizures of smuggled gold by the directorate of revenue intelligence has risen by an unprecedented 330 per cent during the April-September period as compared to last year, prompting the directorate to call on the finance ministry to bring down the import duty on the yellow metal and make smuggling less lucrative.
This development comes even as gold imports have jumped by around 450 per cent year-on-year in September touching $3.75 billion, which calls into question the effectiveness of the high import duty of 10 per cent.
Experts say that import duty has failed to as a deterrent and demand for gold has only gone up.
“There were 2,150 seizures of gold made by the DRI across the country worth over Rs 600 crore in the last six months. This is huge when compared to 500 seizures worth Rs 150 crore made last year during the same period,” a government official told The Indian Express on the condition of anonymity.
According to a report by the DRI, gold seizures made up for 24.58 per cent of the total seizures last year compared to 8 per cent of the total seizures in 2012-13. It seized 1,267.26 kg gold in 2013, 200.75 kg in 2012 and 153.26 kg in 2011, according to available figures.
“DRI director general Najib Shah has written to revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das pointing out that the imports have gone up drastically despite high duty. Gold smuggling has emerged as a huge menace for the country. In view of the current situation, the finance ministry should take some decision on high duty rate. Also, it is resulting in huge foreign exchange outgo,” the official added.
In the Budget 2014-15, the government did not reduce the import duty on gold despite the current account deficit (CAD) coming down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14 from a high of 4.8 per cent in 2012-13.
Last year, the government had taken a slew of measures, including raising the import duty to 10 per cent in phases and restrictions on import, to cut down gold imports. However, the measures led to a rise in smuggling.
Ajay Sahai, director general, Federation of Indian Exports Organisations (Fieo), said that smuggling is on a rise duty due to high duty and not due to supply shortages.“Availability and price are the two factors which contribute to gold smuggling. Clearly, there is no supply shortage as evident by high imports in the last few months. High duty is now becoming counterproductive.
“Availability and price are the two factors which contribute to gold smuggling. Clearly, there is no supply shortage as evident by high imports in the last few months. High duty is now becoming counterproductive.
It is alarming, even if it is a continued…

Car safety  design to get priority under new bodyA file picture of the crash test done by the UK-based Global NCAP in January.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 1:12 am
Carmakers in India would be forced to recalibrate their focus on safety, with the Vehicle Regulation and Road Safety Authority of India — an independent agency proposed in the draft Road Transport and Safety Bill — expected to wield the stick on issues such as standards for the design and construction of passenger cars.
Also, from next year, the Bharat New Vehicle Safety Assessment Program is expected to be rolled out, under which the safety of passengers would be assessed by testing cars in front-on and side-on crashes.
India currently does not have a new car assessment programme to provide buyers with independent reports of vehicles’ crash safety and vehicle makers are not required to meet the United Nation’s basic crash-test standards, something that is mandatory in markets across the world.
The two measures assume significance in light of a random crash test conducted by an independent agency in January this year, where three cars out of the five cars failed the front impact crash tests on account of basic structural deficiencies in the body.This is even as a variant of one of these car models that is sold in the European market was found to be carrying the highest rating safety certification offered by the same agency in similar crash tests conducted on cars sold in the European Union.
This is even as a variant of one of these car models that is sold in the European market was found to be carrying the highest rating safety certification offered by the same agency in similar crash tests conducted on cars sold in the European Union.In January 2014, the UK-based Global NCAP (New Car Assessment Programme) had tested five of India’s bestselling compact cars for their safety features.
In January 2014, the UK-based Global NCAP (New Car Assessment Programme) had tested five of India’s bestselling compact cars for their safety features. The Hyundai i10, along with Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 and Tata Nano, were found to have “inadequate vehicle structures that collapsed to varying degrees”, resulting in high risks of life-threatening injuries to the occupants.
The Hyundai i10, along with Maruti Suzuki Alto 800 and Tata Nano, were found to have “inadequate vehicle structures that collapsed to varying degrees”, resulting in high risks of life-threatening injuries to the occupants. Hyundai’s i10 had a five-star NCAP certification in the UK (this car has now been replaced with the Grand i10 in Europe).
Hyundai’s i10 had a five-star NCAP certification in the UK (this car has now been replaced with the Grand i10 in Europe). The Ford Figo and Volkswagen Polo also received zero points for adult protection ratings in a frontal impact at 64 km/hour.
The Ford Figo and Volkswagen Polo also received zero points for adult protection ratings in a frontal impact at 64 km/hour. NCAP, however, noted continued…

Govt plans first corporate takeover post-SatyamJignesh Shah FTIL promoter
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 4:10 am
The government is considering a proposal to supersede the management of Jignesh Shah-promoted Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, a company that develops software for stock and commodity exchanges. If undertaken, this would be the second such takeover forced by the government in recent corporate history after Satyam Computer Services Ltd in January 2009.
Jignesh Shah and FTIL are currently being investigated by the Mumbai Police Economic Offences Wing for their role in the Rs 5,600-odd crore default by FTIL’s subsidiary National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL).
According to the proposal, post-management takeover, the company may be handed over to financial institutions during a transition phase when the government can consider bringing in new promoters. Jignesh Shah owns/ controls 45.63 per cent in FTIL as on June 30, 2014.
The management takeover has been proposed by commodities market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. The Department of Economic Affairs in the Finance Ministry too has favoured the proposal and has observed that NSEL was effectively controlled by the key managerial persons of FTIL, and was fully in the know of NSEL affairs.
The NSEL merger with FTIL proposed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs last week, if followed by a management takeover, would dramatically expedite the recovery process, said government sources. In the last year or so, NSEL has been able to honour payments of only Rs 362.43 crore as against dues of Rs 5,689.95 crore involving around 13,000 investors.
According to sources, the proposed management takeover can be seen as Part II of the government’s plan to clear the mess NSEL landed itself in in August 2013. Part I of the plan was given effect through the Corporate Affairs Ministry’s draft order on October 21, 2014 that proposed merging NSEL with FTIL in public interest. “Ideally, FTIL should have been superseded first. NSEL merger with FTIL should have been the second step,” said a government source.
While FTIL’s minority investors argue about limited liability of the company in challenging the government’s merger order — which effectively requires FTIL to take on NSEL’s liabilities — sources in the government said this was a case of lifting the corporate veil. “Last August itself, FTIL paid up about Rs 177 crore towards meeting NSEL’s payment obligation. NSEL is held almost entirely (99.9 per cent) by FTIL. FTIL has all along been in the know of NSEL activities,” the source said.
In September 2013, a committee under then Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram submitted a report to the government recommending a management takeover of all three exchanges floated by FTIL — MCX, MCX-SX and NSEL. No action was, however, taken on this report.
Later, in an order dated December 17, 2013, FMC declared FTIL and Jignesh Shah among others as “not fit and proper” to be shareholder/ director in the management or board of any exchange. It also pointed out that NSEL cannot be said to be independent since 99.9998 per cent of its continued…

Mutual Fund s exposure to bank stocks drops to Rs 55 398 cr in SeptPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 27, 2014 3:54 pm
Mutual fund (MF) managers dropped their exposure in bank stocks to Rs 55,398 crore in September, after raising it for seven consecutive month.
According to the latest data available with Securities and Exchange Board of India, MF investments in bank stocks as on September 30 declined to Rs 55,398 crore, accounting for 18.84 per cent of the total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.94 lakh crore.
In comparison, the MF industry’s exposure to banking sector had reached to an all-time of Rs 56,625 crore in August this year.
However, MFs had been raising their exposure to banking shares since January.
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, last month with an exposure of Rs 31,834 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 21,908 crore), auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market and the current decline is mainly due to profit booking.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August.
In percentage term, exposure has risen from 16.6 per cent to 20.10 per cent during the period.

BSE Sensex down 98 pts  logs first drop in six daysPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 27, 2014 10:49 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 4:35 pm
After opening in positive zone on sustained foreign capital inflows and hopes of more economic reforms, the Sensex slipped on selling in heavy-weights and ended 98.15 points, or 0.37 per cent, at 26,752.90. Intra-day, it had touched a high of 26,994.96 while later slumping to a low of 26,726.84.
The gauge had rallied 851.71 points in previous five sessions after government announced energy sector reforms.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty, after rising to 8,064.40 points in early trade, succumbed to profit-booking and slipped below 8,000-mark. It ended lower by 22.85 points, or 0.29 per cent, at 7,991.70. Intra-day, it had touched low of 7,985.65.
“Indian markets started the day well but lost all the gains as German business confidence fell and Goldman Sachs slashed 2015 oil target,” said Rajshekar Gowda, Senior Analyst, HBJ Capital.
Selling was more pronounced in realty, oil & gas, FMCG, teck, auto, IT and metal sector stocks, which pulled down the Sensex and Nifty.
Stocks of FMCG giant, Hind Unilever tumbled about 4.92 per cent after it forecast softer demand environment.
ONGC and RIL shares fell tracking lower oil prices projection. Cipla, Hero Moto, Sun Pharma, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Infosys, TCS and Wipro were among other Sensex losers.
In the overall 30-share Sensex pack, 17 dropped while 13 rose. BHEL was the top gainer as it rose 4.98 per cent.
Shares of realty giant DLF slumped 7.84 per cent on concerns the company may face probe in Haryana land deals.
Bucking the trend, stocks of companies involved in defence sector like BEML rallied 5 per cent after projects worth Rs 80,000 crore were cleared by the government.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 3.79 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas 1.45 per cent, FMCG 1.06 per cent, Auto 0.79 per cent, IT 0.54 per cent and Metal 0.23 per cent. However, Consumer Durables rose 2.11 per cent, Capital Goods 0.70 per cent and Bankex 0.48 per cent.
Trend in rest of Asia remained mixed and European markets were down in opening trade.

To beat quarter-se-quarter-tak culture  govt okays longer tenures for future SBI chiefsSBI may be treated on a different footing compared to smaller banks given its pedigree, size and systemic importance in the Indian banking industry.
Written by Shaji Vikraman | Mumbai | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:06 am
Half-a-dozen state-owned banks may be headless and governance issues at some of these lenders remain yet to be addressed, but a proposal approved by the government will ensure a minimum tenure of four to five years for the next chiefs of India’s largest bank- State Bank of India.
A decision to provide a longer term in office was taken by the government after the appointment of the current chairperson of SBI, Arundhati Bhattacharya, last year.
While she will have a three-year stint, her successors who will be chosen from a crop of managing directors in the bank, will have fixed tenures of four to five years. This could lend stability and help the management work on and implement medium and long term business and strategic plans, a top banker briefed on the development said.
This will also mean that the residual age bar — the minimum number of years in service until 60 which is the retirement age for PSU bankers — will not apply for the next SBI chief, the person said. Arundhati Bhattacharya’s predecessor — Pratip Chaudhuri was in office for just two years. SBI, which, along with its associate banks, controls close to a fourth of banking assets of all Indian lenders does not have too much of a reason for concern when it comes to governance, its chairperson, Arundhari Bhattacharya told The Indian Express. The quality of the SBI board, too, is good, she said, a worry otherwise in many other PSU banks.
She is the first woman to head the 208-year-old bank.
Relatively short stints at the top state-owned banks have led to what bankers term as the ‘Quarter-Se-Quarter-Tak’ or QSQT culture, marked by bank chiefs looking to boost numbers especially towards the second half of their tenure.
Such short stints also leave senior bankers, especially those appointed to banks where they have not worked in the past, little time to address organisational issues including succession plans or to develop a long-term business plan. A committee appointed by the RBI ad headed by the former chairman of Axis Bank, PJ Nayak on governance in state-owned banks had recommended a minimum tenure of five years for CMDs and three years for executive directors. Besides, it had also suggested improving the quality of PSU bank boards, their discussions and to focus on key areas such as business strategy, financial reports, risk and compliance.
The government — which has a controlling stake in public sector banks is yet to act on the committee’s recommendations though it has said that the report is being vetted.
Private banks in India, which are expanding rapidly and moving up the pecking order for Indian banks, are not hamstrung by norms on appointment continued…

Here s More Proof The Financial Markets Are RiggedHere's More Proof The Financial Markets Are Rigged
Reuters
reddit
Oct 29 (Reuters) - Hedge funds and other rapid-fire  investors get access to market-moving documents before other  users of the Securities and Exchange Commission's system for  distributing company filings, giving them a possible edge on the  rest of the market, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing two  independent studies.
The two sets of researchers have been examining when paying  subscribers receive SEC filings compared with when they become  available on the agency's website, the newspaper reported. (http://on.wsj.com/135V9mM)
They found a wide variation in the lag time, from no delay  to one lasting more than a minute. The ability to get the  information before it is on the SEC website can give traders  extra seconds to act on the news, WSJ said.
The studies focus on the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering,  Analysis and Retrieval system, or Edgar, which is used to  disseminate earnings reports and other documents filed to the  regulator. (http://on.wsj.com/1zHpmae)
Representatives for the SEC were not immediately available  to comment on the report outside regular U.S. business hours.
However, an SEC spokeswoman told the Journal that the agency  has reviewed the working paper and was conducting a thorough  assessment of the dissemination process to make necessary  systems modifications.
A book by best-selling author Michael Lewis that asserted  equities markets are rigged by high-frequency traders - who can  dip in and out of markets in fractions of a second - triggered  renewed regulatory scrutiny earlier this year.
The SEC for the past few years has been investigating  high-speed traders and others for potential concerns about  manipulation or other practices that may give some market  players an unfair advantage.     (Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bangalore; Editing by Gopakumar  Warrier)
More:

Here Are All The Openly Gay CEOs In The Fortune 500reddit
Actually, Tim Cook is the only openly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company.
"I’m proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," the Apple CEO wrote in an essay published in Businessweek Thursday.
Before Cook came out, there were no openly gay CEOs in the Fortune 500, according to Deena Fidas of the Human Rights Campaign.
Glen Senk, the former CEO of Urban Outfitters Inc. has said he was the first openly gay CEO of the Fortune 1000 company, but he resigned from the company in 2012. The former CEO of BP, John Browne, resigned in 2007 after being called out as gay .
More:

What Your Cell Phone Company Isn t Telling You When You Sign A ContractWhat Your Cell Phone Company Isn't Telling You When You Sign A Contract
Posted:
reddit
When you sign a cell phone contract, you’re not just agreeing to pay thousands of dollars over a few years to AT&T or Verizon. You’re also signing away your right to sue the company or participate in a class action lawsuit against it.
If the cell phone provider systematically overcharges you or doesn't deliver, say, on its promise of "unlimited data," your only remedy -- unless the government steps in -- is forced arbitration, a private negotiation between the company and the customer where a non-judicial party decides your fate. Typically, the process is stacked in favor of the giant corporation.
Forced arbitration clauses have become widespread in recent years and there's one
buried in AT&T ’s terms of service. It’s why the Federal Trade Commission, not customers, just sued AT&T for allegedly slowing down Internet speeds on customers' smartphones -- even though customers were complaining about the practice for years.
AT&T isn’t alone: the four other largest cell phone carriers –  Sprint , T-Mobile , U.S. Cellular , and Verizon – also have forced arbitration in their terms of service.
The policies are aimed primarily at restricting customers from class action lawsuits, but they also forbid customers from taking cell phone providers to just about any kind of court -- except small claims court, familiar to most Americans as the setting for The People’s Court ; hardly the venue for exacting justice against multibillion dollar corporations.
Buried in these contracts from AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile are clauses that take away your right to sue
T-Mobile is unique in having a forced arbitration opt-out policy , but it must be completed within 30 days of activation to be valid. So before you applaud the company for such a progressive policy, consider the likelihood that someone who just bought a new phone would also have the forethought to consider the best potential legal strategy against the company they bought the phone from. If a customer really envisioned becoming entangled in a legal dispute with a company over a purchase, they wouldn’t probably simply avoid doing business with that company.
Telecom companies are hardly outliers. Banks, retail stores and electronics giants have all found ways to get customers to sign away their right to take a company to court.
Even Cheerios tried to jump on the bandwagon. In April , the General Mills' cereal brand changed its terms of service so that simply liking the cereal on Facebook voided a consumer’s right to sue. But after a New York Times story drew attention to the policy, the company quickly reversed itself .
In 2011, the practice was upheld by the Supreme Court by a 5-4 vote in AT&T vs. Concepcion . The court also upheld the legality of class arbitration waivers. That means that not only can terms of service waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit, but also your ability to enter arbitration with other consumers. Individual arbitration is the only option.
The legality of these types of class action waivers was broadened even further by the Supreme Court in 2013 to include terms of service between businesses in the case of American Express vs. Italian Colors Restaurant . The court held that American Express could include class action waivers in its terms of service with merchants.
Some customers have tried to find justice against cell providers in small claims court, including one California man who sued and won $850 from AT&T in 2012. The stakes are low, but the companies’ monetary and legal advantage is narrowed. Here’s how Consumerist described the scene: “Since lawyers are not allowed in California small claims courts, AT&T was represented by its area sales manager.”
If you’re looking for a venue outside small claims court to shame companies into changing their policies, a petition may not be your best bet. Change.org has a forced arbitration clause in its terms of service .
More:

Parts Of South Carolina See Earliest Snowfall On Recordreddit
Winter arrived early for South Carolina this weekend, as parts of the state received their earliest snowfalls on record. The state's Midlands region and the capital, Columbia, saw the earliest snowfall of the season going back to at least 1880 , reported WIS News 10.
Yep, a snowman in SC. MT @MikeHill1236 : @SoundCheckMama check this out. Lexington, SC: pic.twitter.com/wHmkJ4F3eT
— Jonathan Erdman (@wxjerdman) November 1, 2014
Thousands were left without power west of Columbia in Lexington County due to high winds. Temperatures were warmer on Saturday, but a cold, rainy day was expected across many inland areas of the Carolinas.
Parts of eastern Tennessee also recorded snow late on Friday . "It is somewhat unusual that we're seeing measurable snow," National Weather Service meteorologist Terry Getz told news station WBIR. Up to a foot of snow was forecasted for areas of the Great Smoky Mountains at elevations above 2,500 feet.
Chicago and parts of the Upper Midwest also received snow on Friday , with 10 inches recorded in northern Wisconsin.
@FarleyWeather we have 4 inches in White Knoll! pic.twitter.com/WPBcXHOU5p

Niche e-tailers benefit from buzz around Flipkart  AmazonAmazon
(What did people buy online…)
October was a good month for Flipkart, despite the controversy surrounding its Big Billion Day sale. The e-commerce company clocked over 8 million shipments last month; 3 million more than its usual 5 million shipments a month. Also, it added 2 million registered users in October, taking the total number to 28 million. Average visits to the portal shot up to 10 million from 6 million in September.
Now, here's a quick guessing game. What did people buy online during this festive season? Clothes? Electronics goods? Mobile phones? If these were your guesses, you are probably right. But that's not all what they purchased. They also bought packets of Kanpur's famous Thaggu ke Laddus, Lonavala chikki and Agra's famous pan pethas and other sweets online, according to Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer of ShopClues.com , an online marketplace on which 75,000 merchants from all over India sell 10.5 million products.
Rooted to Local Needs
"Unlike the big players (like Flipkart and Snapdeal), which are more like malls and focus on big-ticket items like electronic goods, we are more like a typical Indian marketplace," says Aggarwal. So, during Diwali, the portal sold everything from disco Diwali lights to local sweets to gifting items like silver coins embedded with images of Ganesha and Lakshmi . And the bestseller was? "A gold-plated set of playing cards," says Aggarwal.
Overall, ShopClues saw orders peaking to about 1,30,000 per month in September and October from about 75,000 per month during the rest of the year. Some 70% of ShopClues' orders come from Tier II and III cities. As a result, the buying patterns are also different. For instance, one of the topselling cellphone models on the portal is a brand called Josh, a dual-SIM handset that costs Rs 999.
Selling as much local merchandise as possible seems to the mantra for other e-tailers too. Paytm, a two-and-a-half-year-old Noida based start-up, started as a portal offering mobile recharging and facilitating utility bill payments. Soon, the company realized that customers had spare cash lying around in their online wallets, which it calls Paytm Cash. The sums varied between Rs 400 and Rs 700. So, Paytm started selling other stuff: jeans, t-shirts and USBs, among others. "During Diwali, we introduced local sweets, which did pretty well. We also sold lights and some seasonal clothing like ghagra cholis. USB sales also went up," says Pratyush Prasanna, vice-president at Paytm. The portal has 20 million registered users and six lakh orders a day.
Furniture e-tailer Pepperfry launched its first ever television commercial in late September to coincide with the festive season. Pepperfry chief executive Ambareesh Murty says business is up 70% month on month. "In general, during the second half of the year, people tend to buy more of everything from home furnishing to FMCG goods. There is a positive attitude towards consumption," says Murty. "People spend more on their homes — from getting them painted to buying new furniture. In October, our business has gone through the roof," he adds.
A Mixed Bag for Some
For some, the festive season is a mixed bag. Take Mumbai-based grocery e-tailer Local-Banya, for instance. "People tend to travel during this time and take a few days off. As a result, some amount of grocery shopping comes down," says Amit Bhartiya, cofounder of LocalBanya . "At the same time, there is an uptick in gifting-related shopping. The ease of online shopping makes the process of shopping for gifts, especially sweet or chocolate hampers, a lot easier," adds Bhartiya.
Lingerie e-tailer Zivame's sales peak in February, around Valentine's Day. But Diwali brings its own joy. "The category does well all year round but there is a spike around the festive season as people usually tend to buy apparel," says Richa Kar , cofounder and chief executive of Zivame.com , adding that sales are up 40% this season.
Founders of such niche verticals have a special 'thank you' for the big boys of ecommerce. "Thanks to some of the big advertising spends of large e-tailers, consumer awareness and willingness to shop online has increased. It has helped everybody that the likes of Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal of the world spend as much as they have in publicity," says a founder of an e-commerce vertical who preferred to be off-record on this one. Over to the next Big Billion Day sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After BoJ surprise  ECB stimulus hopes may help Nifty top 8400You are here: Home > Collections > Banking
After Bank of Japan surprise, European Central Bank stimulus hopes may help Nifty top 8400
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 11.23AM IST
Tags:
Amit Gupta head
(Indian markets may scale…)
MUMBAI: Indian markets may scale new peaks this week as global investors are likely to continue their buying streak in emerging markets, including India, especially after Bank of Japan's (BoJ) surprise announcement to expand its additional stimulus package, and similar expectations from the European Central Bank (ECB).
"We expect markets to extend gains this week as FIIs have resumed buying on a strong note. Bank of Japan's stimulus package and encouraging US Q3 GDP numbers will keep the momentum going. Nifty's immediate target is seen at 8,400, and then it may try to touch 8,600," said Alex Mathews, head research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
BSE Sensex rallied over 1000 points, or 3.77 per cent, last week to end at 27,865 points, while the Nifty surged 3.85 per cent to close at 8,322 points during the week ended Friday.
FIIs have recently stepped up purchases of Indian stocks, which are likely to continue with the Bank of Japan's stimulus package, said analysts. These investors have bought shares worth Rs 5,500 crore in the past eight days, after net sales of close to Rs 7,200 crore in a month.
However, market participants may not build aggressive positions this week like they did last week, as there won't be trading due to public holidays — November 4 being Muharram, and November 6 is Gurunanak Jayanti.
The rate-sensitive sectors have been the biggest gainers last week; the ET Construction Index having rallied 6 per cent, followed by ET NBFC Index which rose 5.9 per cent, and ET Automobiles 4.4 per cent. Analysts expect these sectors to extend their run as expectations are building up for an interest rate cut.
"Technology stocks are likely to remain in focus on US Q3 GDP numbers. While rate-sensitives such as banking & financials, capital goods and auto are likely to extend their gains on hopes of a rate cut," said Devang Mehta , senior vice-president and head equities sales at Anand Rathi Financial Services. Meanwhile, Brent crude fell by more than a dollar to around $85 a barrel on Friday, which will help inflationary expectations to come down and give RBI some room to cut interest rates, said analysts.
"We expect market momentum to continue till 8,450-8,500 levels and then the Nifty may enter into some kind of a consolidation phase where the index may come down to test the 8200 levels," said Amit Gupta, head of derivatives at ICICI Direct .
"The highest Nifty put base for November series is placed at 8,000 strike, and call base is highest at 8,500 strike. Within this range, 8,200 would remain an important pivotal support in the coming sessions," Gupta added.
On the global front, investors will focus on the European Central Bank (ECB) and Bank of England (BoE) meeting on Thursday, where the central bankers will decide on interest rates and monetary policy. Among the macro-economic data, HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for October is due on Monday, and HSBC Services PMI on Wednesday.
Among the corporates, Larsen & Toubro, Godrej Consumer Product and Jindal Steel & Power are expected to announce their quarterly earnings this week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Death with dignity advocate commits assisted-suicidehealthcare policy
Brittany Maynard, who moved to Oregon to take advantage of the state’s assisted-suicide law on Saturday took lethal drugs prescribed by a doctor and died.
Maynard was diagnosed with brain cancer on New Year’s Day and was later given six months to live. She and her husband, Dan Diaz, moved from California because that state does not allow terminally-ill patients to end their lives with lethal drugs prescribed by a doctor.
Maynard became a nationally recognised advocate for the group Compassion & Choices, which seeks to expand aid-in-dying laws beyond a handful of states.
Sean Crowley, a spokesman for Compassion & Choices, said in a statement on late Sunday that Maynard died on Saturday “as she intended peacefully in her bedroom, in the arms of her loved ones”.
“I think in the beginning my family members wanted a miracle; they wanted a cure for my cancer,” Maynard told The Associated Press in early October. “I wanted a cure for my cancer. I still want a cure for my cancer. One does not exist, at least that I’m aware of. When we all sat down and looked at the facts, there isn’t a single person that loves me that wishes me more pain and more suffering.”
Oregon was the first U.S. state to make it legal for a doctor to prescribe a life-ending drug to a terminally-ill patient of sound mind who makes the request. The patient must swallow the drug without help; it is illegal for a doctor to administer it.
The state does not track how many terminally ill people move to Oregon to die. A patient must prove to a doctor that they are living in Oregon. Some examples of documentation include a rental agreement, a voter registration card or a driver’s license.
Oregon voters approved the Death with Dignity Act in 1994.
Five states in the USA that allow assisitve suicide:
Oregan, Washington, Montana, Vermont and New Mexico.

Decoding India s heterogeneous economic geography(Through a geographic lens,…)
By Anu Madgavkar, Sunali Rohra & Shishir Gupta
As early signs of economic renewal are seen, India's promise as a 'sone ki chidiya' - a nation with young demographics and a sizeable consumer economy - is once more capturing the interest of international and domestic companies. By our estimates, India's GDP growth could rise from 4.7 per cent in 2014 to average between 6.4 per cent and 7.7 per cent per year over the next decade from 2014 to 2025, depending on the pace of reforms and their wholehearted implementation by various states.
Yet, capturing the opportunity needs an appreciation of India's complexity. 3,000 jatis (castes), 1,635 spoken languages, over 7,935 cities and towns dispersed across more than 640 districts cutting across 29 states and 7 union territories are symbolic of India's large scale, staggering diversity, and the heterogeneity of its markets. How well are different parts of the country geared to benefit from the uptick in the national rate of investment in infrastructure and basic services expected in the coming decade? Where should businesses target their resources? Where could the government realise the maximum economic gains from its investments in industry, infrastructure and social development? Understanding the likely shifts across districts (excluding Jammu & Kashmir and NE States), that are microcosms of India's economic geography, help answer these questions (See table).
Through a geographic lens, the country's economic growth potential can be dissected across three dimensions: states, metropolitan cities and their hinterlands, and clusters.
Four tiers of states: India's states can be grouped into four tiers based on their economic performance - very high performing, high performing, performing and low performing states. By 2025, the top two tiers comprising 12 states 2012 2025 count count Change Contributio 2025 n to GDP in will generate about 60 per cent of India's incremental GDP, and be home to 57 per cent of its consuming class (defined as households with income of more than $31,000 per year in 2012 on a PPP adjusted basis). Of these 12 states, 4 are 'very high performing'- Delhi, Chandigarh, Goa and Puducherry - with GDP per capita likely to be more than twice India's national average, and 8 are 'high performing'- Gujarat, Haryana, Maharashtra, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Uttarakhand, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana (considered jointly) with GDP per capita estimated at 1.2x to 2x the national average in 2025. The standard of living in these 12 states would mirror that of high and middle income countries today. For example, the GDP per capita (PPP adjusted) of Tamil Nadu in 2025 will be similar to that of South Africa today, with a population the size of Germany's. For marketers focused on affluent households, these states form a large and high growth opportunity.
 
By contrast, the next two tiers of states comprise eight 'performing states' - Karnataka, West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Odisha, Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir - with GDP per capita likely to be 0.7x to 1.2x times the national average; and the remaining states ('low performing states') of Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar and the North eastern states, whose GDP per capita would be lower than 0.7x of India's average, based on current trends. These states will be interesting to marketers looking to target the 'neo middle classes' or the aspirational segment. The five largest 'performing states' will be home to 51 million aspirational households or about 30 per cent of India's neo middle class. 69 metropolitan cities and their hinterlands: Worldwide, cities are attractive markets due to their concentration of purchasing power, and India is no exception.
By 2025, we estimate India will have 69 metropolitan cities, each with more than a million population) spread across 79 districts. These cities and their hinterlands will generate 54 per cent of India's incremental GDP from 2012 to 2025, and be home to almost half of its consuming class. Home to a total of 99 million households in 2025, this cohort will provide the same market size as India's eight 'high performing' states making it a "mustplay" arena for businesses looking to establish a meaningful presence in India. Not all are metropolitan cities today: for example, the high-growth mid-tier urban centres of Aligarh and Bikaner will enter this cohort by 2025.
49 metropolitan clusters:For companies in search of pan-India growth opportunities, adopting a cluster based strategy is worthwhile. By 2025, 49 clusters, spread over 183 districts, will account for 77 per cent of India's incremental economic growth, 72 per cent of its consuming class, and 73 per cent of its income pool.
Each cluster consists of 4 to 5 contiguous high potential districts, with a metropolitan district as the nucleus. Each cluster has a vibrant, fast growing, local economy, with similar psychographics, and is a serviceable area.

Hunt for buyers burns Rs 1 000 cr hole in e-tailers  booksAmazon
(Flipkart India Pvt Ltd,…)
MUMBAI: Online retail seems to be rapidly coming of age in India — in the financial year ended March, Flipkart's sales challenged those of its nearest brick-and-mortar rivals, according to filings with the Registrar of Companies, although the segments that they operate in aren't strictly comparable.
Meanwhile, the marketplaces operated by both Flipkart and Amazon posted losses. Amazon, which entered India a year ago, logged a net loss of Rs 321 crore while Flipkart saw this more than double to Rs 400 crore, according to October 31 filings.
Due to curbs on foreign investment in selling directly to consumers, Flipkart and Amazon run their websites as marketplaces. Hence, the figures relate to commissions from sellers and revenue from advertisements on ecommerce sites. In this respect, Amazon Seller Services posted revenue (commissions) of Rs 169 crore while Flipkart Internet, which manages the portal, had a total income of Rs 179 crore.
However, Flipkart India Pvt Ltd , the website's wholesale arm, said sales amounted to Rs 2,846 crore in the year ended March, more than double the Rs 1,180 crore a year ago.
Rival Shoppers Stop posted revenues of Rs 2,713 crore through its 73 department chain stores that mostly sell apparel and lifestyle products.
On a consolidated basis though, including electronics chain HyperCity, sales amounted toRs 3,771 crore. The Kishore Biyani-run Future Lifestyle Fashion posted total income of Rs 2,743 crore from its department store formats Central and Brand Factory besides its own labels such as Indigo Nation and John Miller .
Amazon Wholesale didn't disclose a comparable total. It posted a total income of Rs 1.4 lakh with a net loss of Rs 3.71 crore for the six months ended March. CEO Jeff Bezos had said previously that it exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of launching in India.
Online retailers typically burn through cash as they battle to acquire customers by offering goods at cheaper rates.
"At this moment, most companies are building market share rather than having a phase of harvesting their business model. Lots of money is being spent on building share and cost of acquiring customers has certainly gone up since last year," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "In addition, online players are investing by building supporting infrastructure, which in turn affects profitability."
According to a report by consulting firm Technopak , the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
With Snapdeal reportedly posting a net loss of Rs 264 crore, the combined loss, along with Amazon and Flipkart, now stands at more than Rs 985 crore for the last fiscal.
Both Amazon and Flipkart didn't respond to email queries. India's largest online retailer expects to start making profits in a few years.
"With further expansion and emphasis on white-label products, your company has derived better margins which in turn shall help company to turn profitable in coming years," Flipkart said in its annual report.
Online retailers have been aggressive about winning customers through discounts but that has led to a backlash from traditional retail.
Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale prompted brick-and-mortar store owners to lobby the government against what they said was predatory pricing. The government in turn promised to look into the policy regarding online retail.
A key reason for the surge in promotional activity was Amazon's entry with an intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India, threatening the turf of market leader Flipkart. The US company has announced it will invest $2 billion in India. Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year while Snapdeal has received about $850 million, including funding from SoftBank last week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See 3-4 yr bull run with 20-25% returns: Jim WalkerCLSA
(Indian stocks may see a repeat…)
MUMBAI: Indian stocks may see a repeat of the 2004-07 bull run in the coming years based on improved political fundamentals, said Jim Walker , former chief economist, CLSA , and the founder of Asianomics.
But he was critical of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan and said it was time interest rates were cut "aggressively".
"I worry about the new governor's fixation with inflation accounting. Like his Western counterparts he is mixing up consumer prices with true inflation, which is money and credit in the system," Walker said in an interview. "The deceleration in money and credit aggregates over the last three years has ensured that CPI (consumer price index) and WPI (wholesale price index) will not be a problem in the near term, i.e. the next two-three years. It is time to start cutting rates aggressively."
Walker was among the first to initiate a 'buy' call on India in 2013 when valuations were low. Since then, stocks have surged with the Narendra Modi-led BJP having come to power with a strong majority. The upside will persist, he said.
"As CPI inflation comes under control fast, falling interest rates in 2015 will fuel the bull market," he said. "We would certainly be looking at a three-four year bull run in the BSE 500 before it becomes a bit more mature and therefore more difficult to make headway. We would be happy with 20-25% returns over the next two years at least."
But he doesn't see Europe or Japan filling the vacuum as the US ends its bond-buying programme.
"Europeans and Japanese will not make up for US QE (quantitative easing) in the same way, however," he said. "In both of these regions, the preference is to buy bonds over equities . The QE from these places will be searching for fixed-income yield rather than equity performance. Indian sovereigns would be a major beneficiary if the market were open." He's looking at specific sectors in terms of investment, depending on the time horizon.
"In the next 6-12 months, we would still be wanting to buy industrial cyclicals and capital goods companies with a view to holding them. On a two-three year basis, it would be banks and infrastructure companies."
As for the country's economic prospects, he sees a turnaround after a prolonged slump that saw growth hit decadal lows and was below 5% in the last two years. "I am still very optimistic about India. The real economy has just bottomed out and is only now showing signs of reviving. I expect this to be a 5-10 year upswing. We are not basing this view on a revolutionary approach from the government: just more efficient decision making, streamlining bureaucratic procedures and focusing on growth-oriented policies. Indian companies' ability to make money will do the rest."
A revival in growth and other factors will mean more overseas flows coming India's way, he said. "Next year, even if US rates rise, Indian rates will be falling," he said. "This will attract capital to a growing, recovering economy. And the capital attraction will be real and long term in order to position in a growing economy where earnings are accelerating." He doesn't expect much by way of currency fluctuations.
"The rupee will move in the range 61-63 (to the dollar ). We do prefer to look at the real effective exchange rate rather than the rupee-dollar but on that basis the rupee is undervalued at the moment," he said. "This means that, even if Indian inflation is slightly faster than that in the US, the rupee should be relatively stable in nominal terms." When it comes to the approach of the central bank, Walker was full of praise for one of Rajan's predecessors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See great valuations in Indian markets: Adrian Mowat  JPMorganAdrian Mowat
('We are very bullish for…)
In a chat with ET Now, Adrian Mowat, Chief EM & Asian Equity Strategist, JPMorgan, shares his outlook for the emerging markets in general and the Indian market in particular. Excerpts:
ET Now: There has been around 32% return for the Indian market year to date and as one of our fundamentals guests say, there is perhaps 20% more upside left. What is your view on that?
Adrian Mowat: Yes, you need to try harder because you are only the second best performing market year to date after Egypt. So a few more per cent, and you might be ahead.
ET Now: I think most people are quite surprised by this move by itself given the fact that many are saying that this is just the first leg of re-rating for India. So there is more to go. You were on air a few days back on ET Now and you mentioned that you are fairly upbeat about the prospects ahead as well and we were at 7900 or 8000 then too.
Adrian Mowat: Yes, so the story for India is a combination of accelerating growth with declining inflation and within the context of BRICS, you have probably got the best delta in terms of policy expectations. So the context of this is the re-election of Dilma in Brazil, the ongoing issues with geopolitics around Russia and Russia having to handle the low oil price which is obviously negative for Russia. But we are very bullish for India and China where the data on investment is looking quite worrying.
So within the context of the BRICS, India looks very good and in absolute terms, and we think about valuations, I would actually argue 2014 is the year of the market moving up to the value that it was holding during the strong growth phase of 2003 through to 2008 and briefly post the global financial crisis. I think 2015 will need to be a year of delivering earnings, particularly the earnings prospects as we move into 2016.
ET Now: The fact that India has been the best performing market this year has already got established, there is of course enough data to suggest that on the macro side as well, things are looking up for India. What is the advice that you would give out to your clients at this point?
Adrian Mowat: If you are looking at domestic clients, foreigners have been net buyers year to date, which means locals must have been net sellers and I think that actual allocation to equities in India by the Indian savings pool is relatively modest. So I do not think there are a lot of people out there with profits to take as maybe the way I would look at this.
ET Now: What is your gut feel going ahead? We have had some reforms already in place, people were always crying for that and now we have had those. So, in the next 12 months, what kind of bull scenario are you painting?
Adrian Mowat: Well, the government has come in and has made decisions while the previous administration had been relatively slow in making decisions. The oil prices have moved in the right direction, which has allowed them to liberalise the diesel price and the government has come through with what looks like a degree of austerity measures to make sure the fiscal position remain okay. But looking forward, there are quite a lot of policy changes that do need to be implemented.
  We would be looking for GST to be tabled, we need to revive the Land Acquisition Act and we need to look at how food inflation can be controlled in a better way, particularly dealing with some of the cartels around the distribution of food.
So there is a lot that this government still needs to do. I do worry that the emerging market companies, emerging market corporates are now quite cautious animals and it may just take a bit longer for capex to pick up in India and that will probably ring true for other markets as well. So that is where I am more nervous.
ET Now: We were just reading a report yesterday about some sovereign wealth funds also increasing their allocations to India. There was an official call by the Norway Wealth Fund talking about increasing their position in India. Among your clients pension funds that you talk to some of the sovereign wealth funds that you kind of service, have you also seen allocations go up?
Adrian Mowat: We have seen net buying of India. So I am not concerned specifically about what clients are doing, but if you think about this from the perspective of the professional international money manager, you have got a market where there is good news flow, price momentum and the risks in the market are declining. Its major beneficiary of the decline is in the oil price. So there are plenty of reasons why people would want to allocate towards India. But another area they might want to allocate away from is Europe, and Europe was a very consensus overweight to the beginning of this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Qatar pares support for Islamists but careful to preserve tiesBy: Reuters | Doha | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:18 pm
Smoke rises over Kobani after an airstrike, as seen from the Mursitpinar border crossing on the
Turkish-Syrian border, on Saturday. Source: Reuters
Qatar has joined the American-led coalition to fight Islamic State, yet the emirate is a haven for anti-Western groups and foreign diplomats have reported seeing cars with Islamic State logos in an affluent bay district. Such ambiguity runs through Qatari policy.
When the United States sought allies against Islamic State in Sept, Qatar was among the Gulf Arab states that sent its warplanes into action. But while Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates welcomed media coverage, Qatar was silent. There was talk among diplomats that Qatari planes merely flew a reconnaissance mission on the first night of the attacks.
In fact, a security source close to the government said, its planes did attack Islamic State targets in Syria later in the campaign, although that has not been officially confirmed. Diplomats and analysts said the episode showed two things: First, Qatar’s decision to join the hostilities was a pragmatic response to pressure from fellow Gulf Arabs, who have rebuked Qatar f or backing Islamists during Arab Spring revolts. Second, diplomats say, Qatar’s reticence about its role suggests that it is also being careful to preserve influence with Islamist forces it believes are the long-term future.
Three years after the start of the Arab Spring, the Middle East is experiencing a backlash against political Islam, and Qatar is trimming its policies. In so doing, the contradictory nature of those policies is being exposed. Qatar hosts the largest U.S. air base in the Middle East, owns swathes of Western real estate and is an enthusiastic customer for Western weaponry.
Yet it also provides haven to anti-Western groups such as the Afghan Taliban, Palestinian Hamas and Algeria’s Islamic Salvation Front.
Their members frequent downtown shopping malls, rubbing shoulders with Western expatriates, and worship in mosques attended by Qataris and Muslim guest workers.
They live out of town in secluded districts. North of Doha lies the town of Umm al-Amad, a huddle of farms and small mosques, which shelters a number of Syrians belonging to the al-Tawhid, one of dozens of armed Islamist factions fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
Opinions that would invite the attention of the police in pro-Western Bahrain or UAE, are commonplace here. In Umm al-Amad, the Egyptian director of a private religious school teaching young girls the Koran, said the Qatari government did not interfere with the school’s teaching.
“What’s happening these days is a war against Islam,” she said. Then, apparently referring to Islamic State or the al Qaeda-aligned Nusra Front, she added: “Those fighters in Syria and Iraq fighting against the crusaders… have a just cause.”
SUSPICION
The breadth and resilience of Qatar’s links to Islamist groups fuels suspicions in many other Gulf states. Three of them – the UAE, Saudi continued…

View: How to get ready for the post-taper worldNovember 3, 2014, 4:35 am IST Mythili Bhusnurmath in Myth-n-Reality | India , Times View | ET
1
The curtain has come down on what has been, perhaps, the most audacious — short-sighted? self-serving? — real-time experiment ever in global macroeconomics. The US Federal Reserve has ended its programme of quantitative easing, under which it pumped in additional liquidity of $85 billion into the system every month for 12 months starting December 2012, before gradually reducing purchases from December 2013.
Will the post-taper world look very different? There are almost as many answers as economists. What is undeniable is that the Fed’s monetary policy since August 2008 has been highly unconventional. The fallout to date has also been equally inexplicable. Conventional monetary economics textbooks speak of how loose monetary policy leads to inflation. But US inflation is low and has been low for the past few years.
What’s in It for Us, US?
In a scenario where everything seems topsy-turvy, what should we expect when the Fed stops flooding the system with liquidity? The answer: no one quite knows. Of course, there is no dearth of explanations. But the truth is, the world is still waiting for the next Keynes, Friedman or Hayek to come and make sense of it for lesser mortals who are bewildered by the breakdown of the basic principles of Economics 101.
So is there anything emerging markets like India can do to protect their interests? As hapless guinea pigs in the Fed’s great experiment to keep the US economy afloat, regardless of consequences for the rest of the world, spillovers in technical jargon, emerging markets have been at the receiving end of the Fed’s actions.
So Far, So Good
Never mind that the taper — from $85 billion to $0 — has gone off without a whimper. Indeed, barring the mayhem in mid-2013 when former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke hinted at the possibility of a taper and all hell broke loose and the rupee touched Rs 68.80 to the dollar, the third and largest bout of quantitative easing has ended without incident. But can the world, particularly India, expect to be as lucky when US interest rates move up from the 0-0.25% range where they have remained since December 2008? Or worse, when the Fed begins to trim its bloated balance sheet?
Depending on whether one is a hawk or a dove, the exact timing of the reversal in US interest rates could vary between three and six months. But if we accept that there will be spillover effects, we need to gear up for a possible financial Armageddon when US interest rates rise and overseas portfolio flows, especially debt flows, reverse.
So what is the best strategy to limit the damage from a sudden stop/reversal in flows? The main elements remain the same: strong domestic fundamentals, currency intervention, monetary policy and, yes, capital controls. How do we fare on each of these fronts?
Domestic fundamentals are undoubtedly better. Growth seems to be picking up, inflation is lower, as are the current account deficit (CAD) and the gross fiscal deficit. But look a little deeper and some of this comfort disappears. Yes, first-quarter GDP growth touched 5.7%. But hopes of a growth revival have been rudely shattered by August numbers that show industry growing at just 0.4% and manufacturing contracting 1.4%. Lacklustre industrial growth, coupled with a subnormal monsoon, does not lend itself to optimism on the growth front.
Sure, inflation is lower. But India remains an outlier, not only when compared to developed countries but also to other emerging economies.
On the external front, the current deficit is markedly lower, though the improvement is partly contrived and partly fortuitous — thanks to restrictions on gold imports and lower global oil prices. But the trade deficit for September has hit an 18-month high, suggesting comfort on this front may also be short-lived.
Defence has a Cost
In which case, we might have to fall back on other defences — monetary policy, intervention and capital controls — in the event of a ‘sudden stop’. But each of these comes at a cost. Capital controls are retrograde, so should be a last choice. As for monetary policy, a hike in rates might stem a sudden depreciation of the rupee but will damage sentiment. Apart from which, political acceptance will be near impossible given the rising clamour for a rate cut, particularly from the finance minister.
Intervention in the currency markets is an option, given our reserves of $313 billion, almost $25 billion more than in August 2013. But intervention is a potentially dangerous game. If the market decides to take you on, no amount of reserves is sufficient, as past experience the world over has shown.
The RBI governor put it best. “Reserves are, at best, a second or third line of defence. The primary line of defence is being attractive.” So how can we use the intervening months to become more attractive? Getting an economy the size and complexity of India’s to speed up is not easy. It needs a makeover, not unlike what Troy Costa accomplished for the Prime Minister’s wardrobe on his visit to the US. If only Narendra Modi could find a Costa for the economy.
For a counterview, read Mint’s ‘Preparing for life after quantitative easing’ at goo.gl/XkkgZk
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

IPL scam: Mudgal panel submits report to Supreme Courtcorruption & bribery
The Justice (retired) Mukul Mudgal Committee, probing the betting and spot-fixing scandals in the Indian Premier League, submitted its final investigation report on the alleged role of former Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president N. Srinivasan and 12 others in a sealed cover to the Supreme Court on Monday.
Senior advocate Raju Ramachandran, who represents the committee, told the Bench led by Justice T.S. Thakur, that the report was ready and sought the court’s permission to file it.
“We have completed the investigation and are filing the report probe within the two months’ time given to us,” Mr. Ramachandran said. The court will take cognisance of the report on November 10.
In September, the Mudgal Committee had filed an interim report seeking two months’ time to complete its investigation.
The court had allowed the plea, while observing that “this investigation is a tough assignment. All this is very tough.”

Watch: US daredevil completes Chicago skyscraper tightrope walkprint
Nik Wallenda walking across the Chicago skyline blindfolded for Discovery Channel's Skyscraper Live with Nik Wallenda on Sunday. (AP Photo)
US daredevil Nik Wallenda broke two world records Sunday when he crossed the Chicago skyline on a tightrope suspended between three skyscrapers, without a safety harness.
Wallenda, already the first person to cross the Grand Canyon and Niagara Falls on a high wire, set records for the steepest tightrope incline and highest blindfolded walk as he stepped gingerly across the Windy City in mid-air.
In the first half of the stunt Wallenda, 35, walked more than two city blocks and crossed the Chicago River with a tightrope set at an incline of 19 degrees, between the Marina City west tower and the Leo Burnett Building.
Upon descending from the tightrope, Wallenda returned to Marina City west via the ground to complete his second and more dangerous feat: a tightrope walk to the east tower at more than 500 feet (152 meters), blindfolded.
He completed the first walk in just under seven minutes and the second in slightly more than a minute, despite gusts of wind.
"It's all about pushing myself to become better at what I do and hoping to inspire others to become better at what they do," Wallenda told the Discovery Channel, which broadcast the stunt in more than 220 countries.
The Chicago Tribune said police estimated some 50,000 people turned out to watch Wallenda, a seventh generation member of the Flying Wallendas circus family.

Richard Branson Determined To Find Out Why Virgin Ship CrashedRichard Branson Determined To Find Cause Of Virgin Spaceship Crash
 | By                                                                BRIAN MELLEY
reddit
MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) — Investigators looking into what caused the crash of a Virgin Galactic prototype spacecraft that killed one of two test pilots said a 5-mile path of debris across the California desert indicates the aircraft broke up in flight.
"When the wreckage is dispersed like that, it indicates the likelihood of inflight breakup," National Transportation Safety Board Acting Chairman Christopher A. Hart said late Saturday.
Learning where aircraft parts fell will help investigators determine when and how the breakup occurred, he said.
The crash almost certainly dashed founder Richard Branson's goal of starting commercial suborbital flight next spring, but the mogul said that while he remained committed to civilian space travel "we are not going to push on blindly."
In grim remarks at the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the craft known as SpaceShipTwo was under development, Branson gave no details of Friday's accident and deferred to the NTSB, whose team began its first day of investigation Saturday.
"We are determined to find out what went wrong," he said, asserting that safety has always been the top priority of the program that envisions taking wealthy tourists six at a time to the edge of space for a brief experience of weightlessness and a view of Earth below.
"Yesterday, we fell short," he said. "We'll now comprehensively assess the results of the crash and are determined to learn from this and move forward."
He also criticized early speculation about crash causes. "To be honest, I find it slightly irresponsible that people who know nothing about what they're saying can be saying things before the NTSB makes their comments."
The pilot killed in the test flight was identified Saturday as Michael Tyner Alsbury, 39, of nearby Tehachapi. The surviving pilot is Peter Siebold, 43, who parachuted to safety and was hospitalized.
Both worked for Scaled Composites, the company developing the spaceship for Virgin Galactic. Scaled Composite said Alsbury was the co-pilot for the test flight. Siebold, who was piloting SpaceShipTwo, "is alert and talking with his family and doctors," the company said in a statement.
Investigators found an undeployed parachute at the crash site, Hart said. They don't yet know how Siebold got out of the aircraft because they haven't had a chance to interview him, he added.
More than a dozen investigators in a range of specialties were forming teams to examine the crash site, collect data and interview witnesses, Hart said.
"This will be the first time we have been in the lead of a space launch (accident) that involved persons onboard," said Hart, noting that the NTSB did participate in investigations of the Challenger and Columbia space shuttle disasters.
Hart said he did not immediately know the answers to such questions as whether the spaceship had flight recorders or the altitude of the accident, but noted that test flights are usually well-documented. Investigators will review video from multiple cameras that were on the spaceship, the mother ship, at nearby Edwards Air Force Base and a chase aircraft, he said. They also have six "nonvolatile" sources of information from the aircraft, and radar data to sift through.
Virgin Galactic — owned by Branson's Virgin Group and Aabar Investments PJS of Abu Dhabi — plans to fly passengers to altitudes more than 62 miles above Earth.  The company sells seats on each prospective journey for $250,000.
The company says that "future astronauts," as it calls customers, include Stephen Hawking, Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. The company reports receiving $90 million from about 700 prospective passengers.
On Saturday, Branson said none of that money has been spent and that anyone who wanted a refund could get it. However, he said, no one has asked, and instead someone signed up on the day of the accident in a show of support.
At 60 feet long, SpaceShipTwo featured two large windows for each of up to six passengers, one on the side and one overhead. Branson once envisioned operating flights by 2007. Last month, he talked about the first flight being next spring with his son.
Friday's flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing. The rocket fires after the spacecraft is released from the underside of a larger carrying plane. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mother ship or functioned as a glider after release.
The NTSB investigators examined an area about 20 miles from the Mojave airfield where debris from SpaceShipTwo fell over a wide area of uninhabited desert Friday morning. The spacecraft broke up after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude, according to Ken Brown, a photographer who witnessed the accident.
Friday's accident was the second this week involving private space flight. On Tuesday, an unmanned commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff in Virginia.
SpaceShipTwo is based on aerospace design maverick Burt Rutan's award-winning SpaceShipOne prototype, which became the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space in 2004. Three people died in a blast at the Mojave Air and Space Port in 2007 while testing a rocket motor for SpaceShipTwo.
___
John Antczak contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
More:

Hasmukh Adhia is New Financial Services SecretaryYou are here: Home Economy
Hasmukh Adhia is New Financial Services Secretary
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 23:35 (IST)
Nomura Upbeat on India, Sees FY15 GDP Growth at 5.5%
New Delhi: In yet another secretary-level change, the government on Monday appointed Hasmukh Adhia, a 1981 Gujarat cadre IAS officer, as the new Financial Services Secretary, replacing G S Sandhu.
Mr Sandhu, a 1980 Rajasthan cadre IAS officer, has been made Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has approved appointment of Mr Adhia as Secretary of Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, according to a late night statement issued by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).
This is the third secretary level change in the Finance Ministry after former revenue secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to the Department of North Eastern Region and former finance secretary Arvind Mayaram was first shifted to Tourism Ministry and later to the Minority Affairs Ministry.
The transfers come amid the Finance Ministry preparing the work for Budget 2015-16.
Two days ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had an interaction with secretaries of various ministries and departments. According to sources, Mr Modi had said the Budget should be "output to outcome-oriented", inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes.
Mr Adhia at present is Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Gujarat.
Prior to this, he was Principal Secretary Education Department from April 2008 to January, 2013, and Principal Secretary to the then Chief Minister of Gujarat from May 2004 to May 2006.
He had also held the positions of Industries Commissioner, managing director at Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation, and vice chairman and managing director at Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 22:51 (IST)

Every citizen will find exactly what he wants: Google SVPIIT, Roorkee-educated Amit Singhal is senior vice-president at Google, in charge of search. He spoke to HT on search’s new frontiers.
Q: What are the emerging frontiers in search? Where do you see search ten years from now?
A: We realized search needs to be far more mobile friendly. Whatever we do we do thinking that it is for all, including languages other than English.  Every citizen of the world (in a few years) have an always-on device. They will find exactly what they want, whenever they want – anywhere on earth. Based on Gmail, we can even do personal search based only on our own things. Like for instance, checking what time is my flight leaving (demonstrates).
Q: Can this be combined with robotics? So you search for something a machine executes?
A: Let me show you my smartwatch. It can call me a cab. I just tap it and say “Call me a car,” and it does. This is bits dancing with atoms.
Q: Do you see Bing as a competitor? You also faced regulatory issues in the UK.
A: We have to outrun others. I usually say as I drive this car, I am looking at 98% of the time at the road in front of me. Our focus is on users. Occasionally a website that loses traffic because we changed our algorithms to take care of our users will get upset.
Listen to the audio:

Alaska Mine Project Splits Major State IndustriesAlaska's Pebble Mine Project Splits Major State Industries
 | By                                                                NICHOLAS RICCARDI
Updated:
11/01/2014  3:59 pm EDT
This is an aerial view of a work camp in the area of the proposed Pebble Mine in Iliamna, Alaska, seen on Tuesday, August 27, 2013.  (Bill Roth/Anchorage Daily News/MCT via Getty Images) | Anchorage Daily News via Getty Images
reddit
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A potential copper and gold mine at the headwaters of one of the world's richest salmon runs is both an environmentalist rallying cry and a potent issue in development-happy Alaska that could help Democratic Sen. Mark Begich survive a strong re-election challenge.
The Pebble Mine project that's on Tuesday's ballot embodies the paradoxes of Alaska politics, starting with the unlikely trio of conservatives who put the issue on the map: the late Republican Sen. Ted Stevens, GOP operative Art Hackney and Bob Gillam, a wealthy asset manager bankrolling his third Alaska ballot measure to try to cripple the mine.
"If it wasn't for Bob weighing in early, with his resources to get the word out, I don't think we'd be in as good a position as we are," said Tim Bristol, head of the Alaska office of Trout Unlimited, one of the environmental groups spearheading the national fight against the mine.
Gillam owns a 12,000-square-foot hunting and fishing lodge that could be affected by the mine. He did not respond to interview requests.
Critics have derided him for caring more about his vacation home than the jobs that a mine could create. Mike Heatwole, a spokesman for the Pebble Partnership, stresses that it has not filed formal plans yet and much of Gillam's attacks have been alarmist.
"This is America and everyone has a right to express himself," Heatwole said in an interview. "But some of the ads that have been done against us have been fear-mongering."
It's unusual for a mine to be so strongly opposed in Alaska, which owes much of its economy to extractive industries such as oil and hard-rock mining. But Pebble Mine casts development against another signature industry, salmon fishing.
The Environmental Protection Agency has ruled that discharge from the mine could destroy the world's largest salmon fishery, in Bristol Bay. In July, the federal agency acted to limit mining in the area. Pebble is contesting that move in court.
Begich has seized on the issue, saying the mine should never be dug. His Republican challenger, Dan Sullivan, the former director of Alaska's natural resources agency, won't take a position on the project, arguing that the state should make the call.
Begich and his supporters have hammered Sullivan on the issue. The Democratic-aligned super political action committee Vote-Vets spent more than $600,000 on a television ad featuring a veteran who is now a fisherman complaining that Sullivan's refusal to stop the mine could cost him the fisherman his livelihood.
Political professionals in the state acknowledge that the mine is now widely opposed. "Pebble tests well, tests really, really well" as an issue, said Vote-Vets director John Stoltz.
It was not always the case.
About a decade ago, Hackney was talking to Stevens, one of his clients and a champion of development. The senator told Hackney about preparations for a project to extract more than 4 million metric tons of ore in southwestern Alaska, above the rivers and lakes that feed Bristol Bay, home of half the world's wild sockeye salmon.
Stevens connected Hackney with Gillam, who's called Alaska's richest man.
Gillam grew up in Alaska, runs an Anchorage-based investment firm and flies his own float plane to his vacation home in Lake Clark National Park. He bankrolled the first challenge to the mine, an unsuccessful 2007 statewide ballot measure, which effectively would have barred it.
After that failed, he helped sponsor a measure to ban the mine; it was thrown out by the Alaska Supreme Court. Between campaigns, Hackney continued to air ads against the project, warning of its impact on salmon fishing.
That's where the intrigue began.
A fundraiser with Gillam's anti-Pebble group took thousands of pages of internal emails to Pebble after leaving in a pay dispute. The trove included messages showing a complex scheme used to conceal the fact that Gillam was the source of much of the statewide initiative's money.
The consortium behind Pebble filed a complaint with Alaska's Public Offices Commission, which Gillam settled by paying $100,000 in 2012. Gillam and Hackney, who claimed millions of dollars in lost fees as clients fled his practice, sued the fundraiser and Pebble, and settled for an undisclosed sum and an apology from Pebble.
Meanwhile, the EPA was targeting the mine and investors were fleeing.
Though the EPA has halted Pebble for now, Hackney says that is the wrong way to stop the project, which is why the current ballot measure would leave the mine's future up to a vote of the Legislature.
Expressing a long-held distrust of the federal government, he said, "We need an Alaska solution for an Alaska problem." In an irony that has not been lost on political observers, Hackney is running a super PAC that supports Sullivan's candidacy.
Anders Gustafson runs the Renewable Resources Coalition, an anti-Pebble group that includes Alaska Natives in the mine's vicinity, fishermen and Gillam. Gustafson is also working on the current ballot measure. He said he thinks the fight against Pebble marks a shift in Alaska's identity as the state becomes more diverse.
"Alaska for a long time seemed like an endless supply to a lot of people," Gustafson said. "But Alaska has gotten smaller."
___
State site on Pebble Mine: http://dnr.alaska.gov/mlw/mining/largemine/pebble
___
Follow Nicholas Riccardi on Twitter at https://twitter.com/NickRiccardi
Also on HuffPost:

http://twitter.com/eweis...http://twitter.com/eweis...
Asia Stocks Dip as Japan Outperforms  Dollar SoarsYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Dip as Japan Outperforms, Dollar Soars
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 07:28 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Tokyo: Asian stocks dipped in early trade on Tuesday with disappointing Chinese data and a Wall Street slip dampening the mood, although Japan bucked the trend and rose sharply on follow-through momentum generated the Bank of Japan's surprise monetary easing last week.
The dollar was firmly on the front foot, hovering at multi-year highs against the yen and euro, after the BOJ's easing on Friday added pressure on the European Central Bank to follow suit.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.15 per cent. Wall Street closed on slight losses on Monday, taking a breather from a recent rally.
Tokyo's Nikkei was up 3 per cent after touching a fresh seven-year high, boosted by the yen's continuing weakness. Japanese financial markets were closed on Monday for a public holiday.
The dollar traded at 113.75 yen after touching a seven-year peak of 114.21 and nearing a December 2007 peak of 114.66.
"Investors who missed the initial move are positioning themselves for the next lurch higher," said Raiko Shareef, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand.
The euro fetched $1.2490, within reach of a two-year trough of $1.2390 hit overnight.
Commodity currencies also struggled against the dollar on persistent worries about slowing economic growth in China, where data on Monday showed manufacturing activity hit a five-month low.
The weak Chinese data, coupled with downbeat euro zone manufacturing PMI numbers, highlighted the contrast in fortunes between the much of the world and the United States, which showed an unexpected acceleration in manufacturing activity in October.
The Australian dollar traded near a three-week low of $0.8678 hit overnight with focus on the Reserve Bank of Australia's interest rate decision later in the session. The RBA is widely expected to leave rates steady at 2.5 per cent.
In commodities, crude oil extended losses after tumbling as much as $2 a barrel overnight after Saudi Arabia deepened price cuts for US customers.
US crude fell 51 cents to $78.27.
Lower oil prices in turn weighed on gold, which was also hurt by the dollar's ongoing rally. Spot gold traded at $1.164.51 an ounce, within striking distance of a four-year low of $1,161.70 hit last week.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Will Rajan announce rate cuts ahead of Dec 2 policy reviewRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may cut interest rates ahead of December 2 policy announcement
Atmadip Ray & Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Rajan has raised the benchmark…)
KOLKATA|MUMBAI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have ignored the overwhelming demand for an interest rate cut at the last meeting of the monetary policy Technical Advisory Committee, but he may find it difficult do so next month ahead of the December 2 policy announcement.
The sliding prices of commodities — from crude oil to tomatoes — along with the still-uncertain economic revival, slowing loan demand and improving governance may all possibly add up to Rajan having to begin easing the interest rate cycle earlier than expected.
Furthermore, the political class may also be getting impatient with the government having tightened up administration.
Some ministers are expecting a cut of as much as 50 basis points in the repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks. Rajan has raised the benchmark rate three times since he took charge in September last year to 8%. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
"Since Indian aggregate demand remains weak, and output is much below potential, if the glide "Rates should be kept to the minimum consistent with anchoring inflation expectations," said Goyal, a member of RBI's Technical Advisory Committee (TAC).
Pressure is mounting on Rajan, who has acquired a reputation as an inflation warrior since taking charge. He's been relentless in his bid to tame prices, making inflation-targeting the main objective of monetary policy. While this has won him admirers in the international investor community and elsewhere, growth-hungry companies believe he is out of sync with reality. Five of the seven members of TAC had sought an interest rate cut during its September meeting, RBI said in a statement on the minutes of the meeting.
Retail inflation dropped to a low of 6.46% in September, below the 8% target for January 2015, and closer to January 2016's target of 6%. But the catch is that once the base effect fades, the measure is expected to accelerate again by early next year. In fact, the RBI model forecasts 7% retail inflation by March 2016, which may be revised lower if commodity prices keep falling.
This has prompted some in the government, which under Narendra Modi has been relatively non-interventionist unlike the previous one, to begin talking up the advantages of an interest rate cut.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive," Arun Jaitley told the ToI in a recent interview. "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates."
Although the prospects of an interest rate cut are brightening, some believe it may not happen at the next policy announcement , but probably after the Union Budget, which may capture government finances in the right light. Also, the RBI governor, who is keen not to repeat the mistakes of the past, may wait to see whether lower prices are sustained. He's said before that it's important not to give up on monetary tightening efforts until the inflation demon has been slain once and for all.
In its September assessment, RBI said monetary policy in disinflationary mode along with normal monsoons next year could mute the momentum of headline inflation.
The favourable base effects from high inflation in June-August 2014 could operate in conjunction to produce an easing inflation trajectory in the middle of 2015-16, it added.
"Given the consistent language that RBI has used in previous policies, it is likely that they will wait a few months more before any rate cut, and await comfort that the current positive trends on inflation can sustain into January 2016 and beyond," said Ananth Narayan, regional head of financial markets, South Asia, at Standard Chartered Bank . As a precursor to the easing cycle, even if Rajan does not lower interest rates, his language may become a lot more dovish, unlike his hawkish stance all along. "We still expect Rajan to cut in February to await greater clarity about meeting the 6% January 2016 target," said Indranil Sengupta, economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch .
"That said, the December policy may get more dovish with September GDP growth likely to slip to about 5% from 5.7% in June. On balance, we grow more confident of a February rate cut."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taxi operators like Uber  Olacabs wooing drivers with cash  consumer durablesYou are here: Home > Collections
Taxi operators like Uber, Olacabs and others wooing drivers with cash, consumer durables
Harsimran Julka, Madhav Chanchani & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 08.22AM IST
Tags:
iPhone
(Taxi aggregators and operators…)
MUMBAI|BENGALURU|NEW DELHI: This Diwali, Delhi cab driver Shyam Kumar was spoilt for choices as two taxi companies he works for offered gifts ranging from LCD TVs and iPhones to scholarship for his child.
Taxi aggregators and operators are wooing drivers with rewards ranging from cash to consumer durables as well as subsidies and support to purchase cars, even as they scale up in a hyper-competitive market where ready availability of cabs is the most important factor that influences customer decision. As supply doesn't match increasing demand, keeping the drivers happy is key to the success of these companies.
"Nothing drives an entrepreneur more than rewards," said Anand Subramaniam, director for marketing communications at Olacabs.
Olacabs last week received $210 million (Rs 1,290 crore) of funding from Japan's Softbank . His company has helped drivers buy cars and become entrepreneurs themselves. "We have had occasions when 100 cars were sold in one day. Drivers with best ratings get LCD TVs and washing machines."
Half a dozen taxi-services companies — both online aggregators and operators such as Uber, Ola, Meru Cabs and Taxi-ForSure — are looking to increase the supply of cabs in India's metros. India has an estimated 5.5 lakh commercial cabs for its 10 large cities, which have a combined population of about 6 crore.
Taxi startups are flush with funds while established operators like Meru are planning to raise capital to take on the onslaught from the new players. Both are struggling with a shortage of commercial cab drivers.
"The biggest challenge for the industry (radio and online cab aggregators) is to balance demand and supply," said Jaspal Singh, Valoriser Consultants. "In order to build supply, the companies are recruiting tourist taxi operators and also work as guarantor for the financing of vehicles to new drivers."
Rewards help too, because they encourage a driver like Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, to keep working for a particular operator or someone else to join the network.
Online aggregator Uber offered LCD TVs and iPhones through lotteries and bonus money per trip for plying in the festive week. Meru offered scholarship and a Rs 50 reward for each good customer review.
In Mumbai, Olacabs is doling out Rs 1,000 to every Black-Yellow cab driver for the first week regardless of the number of rides they do. The caveat is that driver cannot refuse a ride whenever summoned.
"This is a network effect marketplace and the entire name of the game is scale," said Tarun Davda, director of Matrix Partners which has backed Olacabs. "The company which scales the most by adding more drivers and passengers will eventually win."
In Bengaluru, Uber is offering a bonus of Rs 300 to drivers to take three rides during peak hours. If a driver logs in 84 hours a week, he gets at least Rs 15,000 plus waiver on the commission that he needs to pay Uber. "Just the overall benefits and incentives itself takes care of the fuel costs," said Yashwanth, a Bengaluru-based full-time Uber driver. "Everything that I earn from my trips goes into savings." Uber declined to comment.
It's not only the login hours but also the customer experience that these aggregators are rewarding drivers for. Driver with high star ratings on Ola, TaxiFor-Sure and Uber get monetary rewards.
"Each customer review is priced at a certain amount. When it reaches a certain threshold at the end of the month we reward them with things like microwave ovens or petro cards," said Aprameya Radhakrishna, CEO of TaxiForSure.
Bengaluru-based TaxiForSure reduced its base fare for users to just Rs 49 when others such as Ola and Uber charge aroundRs 100. "In the current scheme of Rs 49 per 4 km, we have been subsidising the rides. We also subsidise the ride for a driver and give them Rs 5 per km extra if they have to ply long distance to grab a booking," Radhakrishna added.
Meru, the nation's largest taxi operator with about 10,000 cabs across 12 cities, says it is against offering subsidies and cash rewards.
"We believe that if you give cash rewards to drivers for doing something very basic then you are creating a culture where such expectations increase," said Siddharth Pahwa of Meru, which provides accident insurance and scholarship to drivers' children. "We do not want to create a subsidy culture in this industry."
The biggest friction point for online cab aggregators, experts say, is bringing drivers on the platform because you have to get them used to a commission model compared with a fixed salary which they were used to. But when they get used to it, some drivers prefer to work for the online aggregators. Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, said he prefers logging on to Uber app, as it gives him freedom to take offs whenever he wants to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan holds Beating Retreat ceremony at Wagah after blastComments
A day after the suicide bomb attack on Pakistani side of the border, Pakistani Rangers went ahead with a high-voltage Beating Retreat ceremony on their side by allowing around 3,000 visitors to witness the event, leaving BSF officials unhappy as the gallery on the India side was empty.
The Pakistani Rangers had requested the BSF on Sunday night that they were not in a position to hold the retreat ceremony for three days and the BSF had agreed to it after a formal announcement. Thousands of Indian tourists were stopped three kilometres away from the border due to this reason.
However, the Pakistani Rangers at about 4pm on Monday informed the BSF at the zero line that they wanted to hold the ceremony. BSF agreed to to hold a ‘low profile’ ceremony after which the two sides will lower down their respected flags.
The BSF officials including the top brass were surprised at about 4.50pm when a large number of tourists started pouring in the Pakistani gallery. There were loudspeakers, national flags and slogan-shouting by thousands of tourists on the Pakistani side but the Indians Gallery looked deserted with not even a single person sitting there.
Soon the Rangers and the BSF started the ceremony. Postures remained very aggressive from both the forces, as heavy foot stomping was seen. However the BSF jawans had cut the length of the parade as they never came from a longer distance to approach the gate. It was around 15 minute’s parade that saw lot of response from Pakistani side.
Visibly unhappy over this, BSF IG Punjab Frontier, Ashok Kumar said, “We have not liked whatever has happened. It was Pakistani Rangers who requested us that they were not in a position to hold ceremony last night. But today at 4pm they requested that they want to hold ceremony. So we also held it.”
But nothing was told about the tourists or public. We have not liked it. Definitely we will take up the matter with Pakistan Rangers, IG Stressed.
On a question, the IG said, “We had done our ceremony and lowered the flag with respect. The morale of the BSF troops is very high and we have made adequate arrangements to deal with any situation. We will be holding the full fledged ceremony from Tuesday and tourists will be allowed.”
Pakistan Reaction
The Pakistan side defended their decision to hold the ceremony. "We have decided in a meeting this afternoon to allow the general public to come and watch the flag-lowering ceremony," Pakistan's Punjab Rangers spokesman Maj Shahid Abbas said. "Since we have cleared off the blast site after collecting the forensic evidence, there was no point in closing the Parade Avenue for the public," he told PTI. Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony had been communicated to the BSF by the Rangers.
Thousands of Indian Tourists disappointed
After the BSF announced that no ceremony will take place for the next three days, many tourists were stopped three kilometres away from the border.
Unhappy, Raaj Patole, who had come with a contingent of 78 people from Maharashtra said, “We are left disappointed. We had come especially to see the border.” The tourists were seen raising slogans of ‘Hindustan Zindabad’ before moving back.
Watch: Pakistan holds beating retreat ceremony
21 people, including a suicide bomber, arrested in Pakistan
Meanwhile, Pakistani officials said at least 21 people, including a suicide bomber, were arrested and explosives and a suicide vest recovered on Monday as the country was on red alert with Muharram processions by Shia Muslims underway.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among those killed in the attack that took place about 500 metres from the border on the Pakistani side at 6.12pm on Sunday after the ceremony was over.
Trade between India and Pakistan through the Attari-Wagah road route, estimated to be worth around  Rs. 3,000 crore annually, came to a halt following the attack.
(With inputs from PTI)

Google s Singhal wants 500 million net users...How Google’s Amitabh Kumar Singhal plans to increase Indian Internet users to 500 million by 2017
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
Amitabh Kumar Singhal
(Singhal’s India visit…)
NEW DELHI: Google search has answers to most of your questions. But not all. If Amitabh Kumar Singhal succeeds in making the 'Star Trek computer' he set out to build, it just might. At Google, the 46-year old India-born executive is the search czar. Google fields over 100-billion search queries every month, a service which generated most of its $55 billion (Rs 3.3 lakh crore) revenue in 2013.
In India, there is also another important target on his mind-—helping increase the number of internet users to 500 million by 2017. That is more than a twofold increase in less than three years, demonstrating the scale of Google's ambitions in the country.
"That's almost half the country. Imagine how that would change the fabric of this country," said Singhal, whose parents live in Dehradun and who calls himself a "native mountain goat from Uttaranchal."
Singhal's India visit follows that of Google product chief Sundar Pichai , who was in the country in September and launched the first phones based on the Android One platform.
Last month, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was in India and the major themes of his conversation was to rapidly expand internet access, illustrating the importance of India as a market and how vital it is for companies such as Google and Facebook to bring users online quickly and onto their services first.
With new competitors, the increasingly mobile nature of users and social networks, the way people look for information is changing rapidly. Ask Singhal about the future of search, and he says that it should be like the "perfect assistant," always present by your side.
"It's not intrusive, fades in the background and you can ask it anything you want and periodically it will tap you on the shoulder and tell you what you need to know," said Singhal, who led the team which rewrote Google's search engine way back in 2001.
Singhal grew in the seventies watching Star Trek reruns on state-run television, wanting to build Captain Kirk's computer, or the perfect assistant, which has answers to all questions. After graduating from IIT- Roorkee, he went to study in the United States.
His days now are usually packed with meetings--mostly about old projects that Google has started and about new projects that will keep Google on top of its game. Continuously improving the search experience is a priority for him.
So how long before we have the perfect assistant? "As I start thinking it is perfect, people start asking things it can't do. So my job is never done," said Singhal, who has been working on search technologies for nearly 23 years now.
India, which is home to over 1.2 billion people, is becoming increasingly important in Google's scheme of things. To make his point, he whips out his new Nexus phone and asks in Hindi to show him to "Nai Dilli Railway Station." Google Maps pops up with his destination charted out in Hindi.
"In the mobile world, we have to understand natural languages," said Singhal, who visits his parents in Dehradun twice every year. The company launched Hindi voice search on Monday at an event in Delhi.
Google also launched the Indian Language Internet Alliance to promote Indic content on the web at the event. "The Star Trek computer which was only available to a few Starship users is now going to be available to everyone in the world," said Singhal, who is here to participate in the 25th alumni gathering of the class of 1989 at IIT- Roorkee.
In September, Google launched its ambitious Android One initiative for affordable smartphones. At the time, Pichai had said that the company has plans to take up more India-specific initiatives.
Bringing search to local languages is not an easy task. "People mix languages all the time. The level of detail you need to work at is really high," he said. For instance, he pointed out, people might just say "Amitabh Bachchan ki photo," out of which photo is not a Hindi word. The Indian market also poses fundamental challenges to Internet companies like Google.
The first challenge is to bring local content online and the second is to increase access to the internet. "Even though we can bring devices with our partners, the connectivity has to be affordable, non-stop, and high bandwidth," said Singhal.
As the search giant grows, it is also increasingly being scrutinised by various governments on issues of privacy and its alleged abuse of its dominant market position. "Genuinely we are a responsible company but with our size and impact on this world, we get scrutinised and it is only natural," said Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express 5: Top cops to tackle ISIS threat in India; Mudgal panel mentions bookie link of key IndianplayerWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 9:48 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Justice Mudgal Panel
The Justice Mukul Mudgal committee’s final report, submitted to the Supreme Court on Monday, has reportedly named a key member of India’s World Cup-winning team and touched upon his links with illegal bookmakers and match fixers.
READ: EXCLUSIVE: Justice Mudgal report mentions ‘bookie link’ of key Cricket player from India World Cup-winning squad
2. ISIS’ influence in India
The agenda assumes significance following reports that some Indian Muslims may have joined ISIS to fight in Iraq and Syria.
Top police officers will meet in Assam this month to discuss a problem that has worried security establishments across the world: the rise of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and al-Qaeda.
3. 1984 riots
At the spot of the rioting in Chandni Chowk.
It usually takes just one picture to tell a story. But when the story spans 30 years, it’s often the second photo that completes the picture.
4. Politics
G K Vasan is son of G K Moopanar
Former union shipping minister G K Vasan quit the Congress along with his supporters on Monday and announced the launch of a new political party in Tamil Nadu.
5. Opinion
The new government has a unique opportunity to revisit environmental law and regulation, left stagnant for decades.
The ministry of urban development has reportedly asked the ministry of home affairs to transfer the powers it has over Delhi’s municipal bodies, currently under MHA control. If this is followed through, the civic affairs of the capital might finally get some traction.

Delhi L-G Jung recommends dissolution of assembly  polls likely in Jan-FebUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

This Map Depicts The Staggering Highs And Lows Of The U.S. Economy Since 1999reddit
America has been through a roller coaster ride of job creation and job loss over the last 15 years. But sometimes it can be difficult to really grasp just how wild that ride has been.
This map, which was created by TIP Strategies , an economic development consulting firm, will certainly help you do that. The map charts annual job growth and job loss in every metro area in the country between 1999 and 2014. The size of the bubbles corresponds to the net number of jobs gained or lost. Blue bubbles represent overall gains and red, losses.
Press play to start the visualization, and scroll over the bubbles to see the exact job stats for each city.
The most dramatic moments occur at the peak of the financial crisis in the middle of 2009. In the years before the financial crisis, the housing bubble had fueled significant job growth, especially in cities like Las Vegas and Phoenix where the subprime mortgage industry was particularly prevalent.
After the bubble popped, metro areas across the country hemorrhaged jobs. But since 2010, many of the red bubbles fade to blue as the economy recovers. Unfortunately, too many of those jobs have paid low wages .
The map also more subtly highlights other major events of the last 15 years, like the Dot-Com Bubble of 1999-2000 and its subsequent burst from 2001-2003, Hurricane Katrina in 2005, and the regeneration of the Midwest auto industry in the last few years. It has been a wild ride.
More:

Does it matter than Tim Cook is gayAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Apple Watch set for face off with SwissApple Watch starts countdown on face off with Swiss industry
James Shotter in Zurich and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2421ccd0-5dca-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With Project Ara  Google wants to rule the mobile world  block by blockProject Ara
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:34 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 7:40 am
If Google has its way, the world would in a few years be buying parts of their smartphone as they do with apps at the moment.
ALSO READ: Are you ready to assemble your own phone?
No wonder the search and advertising giant, which seems to be nurturing device ambitions of late calls its Project Ara the hardware version of Android. Like with Android, Mountain View wants to keep a grip on this open source project and will itself build and sell the frame which forms the base of the new modular phone.It wants developers to create the modules that will go it. This could be a keyboard module, a long life battery or a zoom lens. The possibilities are so mind boggling that it could change the way we use smartphones.
In the ideal Ara scenario, the smartphone will be able to adapt to very specific requirements of the user like adding multiple battery modules for a camping trip with multiple lens options. While it is a win-win for consumers it could sound the death knell for a lot of Google’s present day device partners. Who would want to buy a hard framed phone when they could pick and choose what they want, at affordable price points. Google’s challenge on the other hand would be to keep the prices under control.
The developers won’t have scale and the economies that come with it. At least not initially. There wouldn’t be any taker for the ambitious project if the modules end up more expensive that a regular smartphone. To start with, project head Paul Eremenko says he want to keep the cost of the frame under $50. But he accepts that putting a price on one of these phones is still a long way off.
If the concept catches the world’s fancy you might see some large smartphone manufacturers of today being relegated to becoming module makers. By the way selling BlackBerry keyboards or Nokia cameras for an Android phone might be a business idea whose time has come.
 

Police Investigating Canadian Radio Star In Sex Assault CasePolice Investigating Ex-CBC Host Jian Ghomeshi In Sex Assault Case
 | By                                                                By ROB GILLIES
reddit
TORONTO (AP) — Police have begun an investigation of a prominent former Canadian Broadcast Corp. radio host on sexual assault charges after three women filed complaints against him.
Toronto police sex crimes Insp. Joanna Beaven-Desjardins told a news conference  Saturday that her unit "has now commenced an active investigation" into the allegations of assault and sexual assault against former CBC star radio host Jian Ghomeshi. The allegations by the three women and several others by unnamed women in media reports rocked the Canadian public broadcaster, a vaunted Canadian institution.
CBC fired Ghomeshi last weekend. On Friday, CBC said his firing was prompted by the emergence of "graphic" evidence that he had caused physical injury to a person.
Ghomeshi defended his actions in a 1,500- word statement on Facebook last weekend, saying he had consensual "rough sex" with women and is the victim of a disgruntled ex-girlfriend. After the Toronto Star reported several more allegations days later, Ghomeshi posted that he would confront the allegations "directly," but wouldn't discuss them with the media.
Beaven-Desjardins urged other women Saturday to come forward and said they want anyone with evidence such as video or photographs to contact them.
"When you have one or more people giving the same story, and the lack of consent, then that's definitely showing a pattern," Beaven-Desjardins said.
Beaven-Desjardins said that after she read that nine victims had contacted various media sources to report incidents of assault and sexual assault involving Ghomeshi, she assigned investigators to contact the media outlets and encourage the alleged victims to contact police.  "As of today's date three people have contacted us providing us information that they have been victimized," Beaven-Desjardins said.
Publicist Andrea Grau confirmed Friday that one of the women who contacted police was actress Lucy DeCoutere, a star of the long-running TV and film series "Trailer Park Boys."
DeCoutere, who also serves as a captain in the Royal Canadian Air Force, was the first woman who made allegations against Ghomeshi to speak on the record about her experience. DeCoutere told the Toronto Star that she went on a date with him and alleges that when they returned to his home, he pressed her up against a wall, choked her and slapped her across the face several times. Author and lawyer Reva Seth became the second woman to go public, writing in the Huffington Post that Ghomeshi put his hands around her throat and sexually assaulted her, although it was not known if she was one of the women who filed a complaint to police against Ghomeshi.
None of the allegations from any of the women have been proven. Neither Ghomeshi nor his lawyers immediately responded to a request for comment on the police investigation.
Beaven-Desjardins said the investigation is in its early stages and Ghomeshi will be invited to talk to police.
Ghomeshi, 47, has hosted "Q'', a CBC radio show on culture, since 2007. "Q'' is also broadcast on many radio stations in the United States. Ghomeshi gained prominence for his 2009 interview with actor Billy Bob Thorton, who gave a puzzling and difficult interview.  Thornton evaded simple questions and criticized Ghomeshi for mentioning his movie background. Thornton appeared on the show with his band, the Boxmasters. Video of the interview went viral.
After he was fired, Ghomeshi launched a $55-million lawsuit against the CBC for breach of confidence and defamation. He has also filed a grievance alleging dismissal without proper cause.
The CBC has hired an independent investigator to look at its handling of the situation after at least one former employee said she had complained about his behavior to a union representative, who spoke to Ghomeshi's executive producer, but nothing substantive was done.
More:

Abe tested as tax decision loomsTesting times for Shinzo Abe as tax decision looms
Demetri Sevastopulo and Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcebfd74-626a-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Pharmaceutical Companies Torpedo Cannabis Legalizationreddit
Cannabis can make diseases more bearable. Sometimes, it can even fight them successfully . There are people who claim that cannabis is the best pain relief that they have ever tried, better than, for example, Ibuprofen , and better than paracetamol because it has no side effects. And the best part about it: everybody could easily grow cannabis in the garden. For free.
However, the self-cultivation of cannabis is -- with a few exceptions -- illegal.
The German pharma lobby would probably like to keep it that way. A drug that costs no money but has great benefits is a pretty strong competitor for established drugs that cost a lot and perhaps fight the original symptoms but bring with them new pain .
Why should German pharmaceutical companies think differently from those in the United States?
In the U.S., some states have gradually legalized cannabis for medicinal purposes. Several painkiller manufacturers oppose the liberalization, however, and are demanding strict rules for private consumption. Officially, they claim that cannabis should not be legalized because it might be dangerous. In reality, they do not want legalization because it would make them poor.
A not quite new but hitherto neglected confidential document of Partnership for Drug-Free Kids showed that several pharmaceutical companies financed anti-legislation campaigns , among them Purdue Pharma and Abbott Laboratories. Accordingly, Purdue is one of the donors to the Community Anti-Drug Coalition of America.
These companies all produce strong painkillers from opium, all of which are addictive ( which is at least disputed in the case of cannabis ) and have led a number of Americans into addiction. Sixteen thousand a year die from an overdose.
An acceptable evil?
Since 1996 Purdue earned more than $27 billion in sales from its painkillers. That would not be possible with cannabis.
It is therefore hardly surprising that pharmaceutical companies in Germany have little interest in the study of this alternative medication .
This article originally appeared on The Huffington Post Germany and was translated from German.
Also on HuffPost:

Polling Forecast: The Senate Is Leaning RepublicanPolling Forecast: The Senate Is Leaning Republican
Posted:
reddit
On Tuesday, Americans will head to the polls to determine 36 seats in the U.S. Senate. Although those contests will likely draw as many as 49 million voters, it's the outcome of only a small handful that will ultimately decide whether the Democrats or Republicans enjoy majority control of the Senate in 2015.
Currently, Democrats have a working 55-seat Senate majority, including support from two independents. Republicans need to pick up a net six seats to gain control, since Vice President Joe Biden would break a 50-50 tie in favor of the Democrats.
As of Sunday morning, the latest round of polling suggests that Republicans are on the verge of gaining eight seats, and perhaps more.  The most recent HuffPost Pollster forecast gives Republicans a 74 percent chance to take control of the Senate.
This year's election map leaves Democrats largely on the defense. While Republicans currently hold 15 of the seats up for grabs this cycle -- only three of which look competitive -- Democrats are fighting to hold the other 21 seats, which include a significant number in traditionally Republican states that were won during the left-leaning 2008 cycle.
According to The Huffington Post's poll tracking models, which are based on all public polling , Republican candidates currently lead by healthy double-digit margins in three states where Democratic incumbents are stepping down this year: Montana , South Dakota and West Virginia .
These deficits leave nine more states that have been the focus of the 2014 campaign -- the nine states that will effectively decide the outcome.
In three of these states -- Alaska , Arkansas and Louisiana -- incumbent Democratic senators currently trail Republican challengers by margins of 3 to 6 percentage points in the Pollster tracking models. While these deficits are not insurmountable, the real-world history of late shifts and polling error suggests that all three incumbents are likely headed for defeat.
Republican candidates are also leading by slim margins in Colorado and Iowa , two states now represented by Democratic senators that Obama carried in 2008. And Democratic incumbents are in danger in two more states, North Carolina and New Hampshire , though both of those senators hold tenuous leads going into the final days of the campaign.
With Democrats' early hopes of unseating Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) seemingly dashed, the loss of a Democratic majority would appear a near certainty if not for two states currently represented by Republicans, Kansas and Georgia , where the Republican candidates are fighting for survival and where the final polling margins have been close.
During this, the final weekend of the election campaign, the best hope for Democrats to retain their Senate majority lies along a narrow path. Democrats would need their incumbents to hold on in New Hampshire and North Carolina and to overcome relatively narrow polling deficits in Iowa and Colorado. Yet even in that circumstance, Democrats would still need one more seat to retain a majority. They could achieve this by picking off Georgia (or perhaps having one of their their incumbents overcome far longer odds in Alaska or Arkansas). Absent that, they would just have to hope that independent Greg Orman wins in Kansas and opts to caucus with the Democrats in January.
Here's a closer look at what the polling data says about the nine states that hold the key to the outcome.
Alaska: Sullivan (R) vs. Begich (D, incumbent)
Sen. Mark Begich started off the election cycle with a modest lead in the HuffPost Pollster model . Since August, however, challenger Dan Sullivan has been consistently ahead, though never by more than 4 points. As of Sunday, two days before the election, he’s up by more than 3 points. The Pollster model translates that margin into a better than 60 percent chance that Sullivan will win.
The probability of a Republican gain in Alaska would be higher, but the difficulty in measuring public opinion in Alaska, a huge state with a relatively small number of voters, poses a unique challenge . Common methods of polling, such as by telephone and over the Internet, can be difficult in these areas. Many of the pollsters that do attempt to gather data there are sponsored by partisan parties, or are partisan themselves .
Polls give Sullivan the lead, but also suggest that Begich’s aggressive voter outreach may be paying dividends. This race could easily defy the predictions of a Republican victory -- but don’t stay up waiting for results. Alaska is known to take a while to count .
Arkansas: Cotton (R) vs. Pryor (D, incumbent)
Most polls and forecasters have reached a consensus: Sen. Mark Pryor is in trouble. Individual polls on the race have gone back and forth, but have shown challenger Tom Cotton leading since late May. Even when Pryor led in the spring, it was never by much more than 2 percentage points, but Cotton’s lead is now about as high as 6 points. That gives him an 85 percent chance of winning, according to HuffPost's model.
Of 14 polls conducted since September 1, five have shown Pryor leading, but four of those were sponsored by Democrats. Pryor's chances depend on either a massive polling failure or a shift of virtually all of the undecided voters, neither of which seems especially likely.
Colorado: Gardner (R) vs. Udall (D, incumbent)
Sen. Mark Udall and challenger Cory Gardner spent much of this election cycle locked in a tie, until Gardner opened up a tiny lead in September. HuffPost's poll tracking model for Colorado has shown Gardner's edge over Udall slowly widening to about 2 points in the final days before the election, with about a 60 percent chance that Gardner will win.
Colorado has been something of a conundrum for pollsters in the past, though, and this year may be no exception. In 2010, what looked like a win for Republican candidate Ken Buck actually turned out to be a victory for Michael Bennet, the Democratic incumbent. Now, with mail-in ballots being used more widely in the state than ever before, and amid concerns about measuring the typically Democratic-voting Latino population , there's some doubt about the accuracy of existing polls. Many Democrats insist Udall is performing better than the numbers show. Additionally, in three recent polls Udall has led by 1 point, although two of those polls were Democrat-sponsored. The bottom line: Latino turnout (and turnout in general) will be a big factor in Colorado. This one could go either way.
Georgia: Perdue (R) vs. Nunn (D) vs. Swafford (L)
David Perdue, a former CEO of the sportswear company Reebok, has held a steady lead in the HuffPost Pollster model . His edge has narrowed in recent weeks, however, and stands at slightly less than a 3-point advantage over Michelle Nunn as of this writing. Libertarian Amanda Swafford was pulling nearly 5 percent in earlier polls, but has since seen that figure decline.
The various election forecasts are split on this race, in part due to the possibility of a runoff if no candidate receives over 50 percent of the vote on Election Day. As of two days before the election, HuffPost Pollster finds a runoff about as likely as not, so there's a solid chance that a candidate -- most likely Perdue -- could reach the 50 percent threshold and avoid a runoff. The Pollster model gives Perdue about a two-thirds chance of winning outright on Nov. 4 or winning the runoff. Additionally, the quality of polling in Georgia has come under fire , adding to the uncertainty around this race. Many of the pollsters active in Georgia are partisan-sponsored, and others rely on robocalls, which may increase the difficulty of measuring minority votes .
Keep an eye on the 50 percent mark as the votes are counted. Perdue probably has the best path to winning outright, but polling on a potential January runoff is sparse and few precedents exist to predict turnout. If the race goes to a runoff, it could effectively be anyone's to lose.
Iowa: Ernst (R) vs. Braley (D)
In the final days of this race, which has often been neck and neck, Joni Ernst appears to have the lead over Bruce Braley, although many polls show a close margin. Two days out from the election, the HuffPost model gives Ernst a lead of just below 3 points, and about a 60 percent chance of winning.
Ernst's probability of winning is relatively low since both candidates have taken the lead at various times, and many voters are still undecided. This is an open seat in a state where Democrats won fairly decisively in 2012, but with the drop in turnout that is typically seen from presidential to midterm elections, Republicans appear to have the advantage.
Kansas: Roberts (R, incumbent) vs. Orman (I)
Former Democratic candidate Chad Taylor threw a wrench into Sen. Pat Roberts’ re-election plans by dropping out of the race at the beginning of September. A fairly clear Roberts lead dissolved into who-knows-what as pollsters and forecasters scrambled to figure out what a two-way race between Roberts and independent Greg Orman would look like. We still don’t have much clarity: As of this writing, Roberts and Orman remain locked in a near tie. HuffPost Pollster’s model considers this race a true toss-up, with nether candidate having a better than 50-50 chance of winning based on the polling alone.
Given Taylor's September surprise, there is less polling available than there normally would be. Taylor’s exit was complicated by debates over whether his name would still appear on the ballot . (It won't.) And Orman isn't saying which party he would caucus with, should he win -- his statements that he would caucus with the majority party are not helpful when the Senate majority is itself up in the air. In this case, a coin flip may be as good as any other prediction.
Kentucky: McConnell (R, incumbent) vs. Grimes (D)
Democrats once hoped that Alison Lundergan Grimes might help save their majority with a strong challenge to Sen. Mitch McConnell, but the minority leader has never trailed. Grimes closed in on McConnell in the spring, but McConnell quickly regained his advantage. As of Sunday, according to the Pollster tracking model , McConnell enjoys a lead of better than 5 percentage points and a nearly 80 percent probability of winning.
Louisiana: Cassidy (R) vs. Landrieu (D, incumbent) vs. several others
Tuesday's election will essentially be a primary in Louisiana. Not only does a winner need over 50 percent of the vote to be elected, but the race is a so-called " jungle primary ," listing every candidate running for the seat -- including multiple Republicans and Democrats. In this primary, incumbent Sen. Mary Landrieu has held a steady lead , but that won’t be enough to win re-election. In the runoff, HuffPost Pollster’s model shows challenger Bill Cassidy leading consistently. Based on the runoff win probabilities , we give Cassidy roughly a 70 percent chance of defeating Landrieu in December.
New Hampshire: Brown (R) vs. Shaheen (D, incumbent)
Up until mid-August, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen held a fairly strong lead in this race of at least 5 points, but her advantage has since significantly narrowed. The HuffPost Pollster model now shows Shaheen leading by just over 2 percentage points, with slightly greater than a 60 percent chance of defeating former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown.
It’s worth noting, however, that the only polls to show Brown with a lead in October were from New England College, whose automated polling has been criticized for its volatility . It’s also unclear how much of Brown’s gains have been from true opinion shifting. Some of his polling gains in recent months could be attributed to shifts in polls from registered voter samples to likely voter samples, which tend to move a few points in the Republican direction due to likely voter demographics. New Hampshire will likely keep Shaheen, but by a narrower margin than it once seemed she would.
North Carolina: Tillis (R) vs. Hagan (D, incumbent) vs. Haugh (L)
Sen. Kay Hagan’s path to re-election has been iffy from the start. According to HuffPost Pollster's tracking model , she started 2014 up by only 1.4 points, and that lead disappeared by mid-March. After following narrowly behind challenger Thom Tillis for a few months, Hagan retook the lead in late May, and now holds an edge of roughly 1 percentage point, with a win probability on the Pollster model in the mid-50 percent range. (Earlier in the year, Libertarian candidate Sean Haugh took close to 10 percent in polls, seeming to draw more support from Tillis than Hagan, but his numbers have since sunk closer to 4 percent.)
There’s been a lot of polling in this race, as North Carolina is home to several academic pollsters as well as Public Policy Polling, the prolific Democratic-associated organization. Two of the last three nonpartisan polls have shown Hagan and Tillis tied. In this close race, Democrats are relying on their massive get-out-the-vote effort to help Hagan hold on. Barring a last-minute shift among the undecided voters, Hagan should have the edge.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this post stated that "a McConnell loss would be the first defeat for a Senate minority leader in the general election." In fact, this has happened at least once before, when former Sen. Tom Daschle (D-S.D.) failed to win re-election in 2004.
Also on HuffPost:

Mumbai s financial centre dream may now be realisedMumbai's dream of becoming an international financial centre may soon be a reality
By MC Govardhana Rangan & Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau | 3 Nov, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Maharashtra’s new chief minister, Devendra Fadnavis, wants to have 10 more business districts similar to the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A young chief minister with a management degree, a prime minister who wants to make India noticed on the global stage and a regulator who knows international finance like the back of his hand. This could be just the right combination to make Mumbai's dreams of becoming an international financial centre (IFC) a reality, although sceptics abound.
Maharashtra's new chief minister, Devendra Fadnavis , wants to have 10 more business districts similar to the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai, besides building highways and railways like those in Japan (or China) and elevated corridors to cut through congestion. All this may breathe new life into the seven-yearold plan to make Mumbai a global centre for financial services.
Other centres in Asia may be losing their shine—Dubai is surrounded by geopolitical chaos and Singapore is apparently turning less attractive to expatriate workers due to slowing economic growth—marking an opportunity for Mumbai to aspire to that regional position.
"If Dubai could do it in a few years, why can't India?" said Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman, State Bank of India . "There is no reason why we cannot do it. India has a lot of talent to do that. What we need is better infrastructure."
A committee headed by Percy Mistry made suggestions in 2007 on how to turn Mumbai into a financial centre but the credit crisis soon after dampened enthusiasm as global markets collapsed. With new incumbents— in the administration as well as the regulator—the idea is being revived.
London, New York, Hong Kong and Singapore are considered global financial centres as fund managers, wealth advisors and banks choose to base themselves there due to the ease with which they can move capital across the world, apart from physical infrastructure.
These cities also attract the best talent from across the globe due to stable regulatory and tax structures and the freedom to innovate.
In India, only Mumbai can possibly be such a base, but physical infrastructure and the regulatory structure have a long way to go.
"Mumbai offers a much better culture for financial services than other cities in the country," said Jaideep Khanna, country head at Barclays , a British bank. "It has a cosmopolitan culture. What Mumbai severely lacks is infrastructure. Singapore invested in infrastructure and created the conditions for people to live."
Mumbai has buildings at BKC and elsewhere that may meet global specifications but otherwise it's far removed from locations such as London's Canary Wharf business district. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region's population is the second highest in the world after Tokyo and the suburban population density is double that of New York, but residents need to negotiate narrow, crowded roads and suburban train travel times of up to four hours a day. The monsoon season brings added disruption.
NEW PRIORITIES
The new chief minister wants to speed up approvals for the industry. "The financial services will benefit if we give a single-window clearance for all the permissions they need from the state government in MMR region," Fadnavis said. "This will be another priority area for me."
Page 1 of 2

NHPC to build Indias largest hydel power plant in ArunachalNHPC to build India’s largest hydel power plant in Arunachal Pradesh
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
((Representative Image)…)
NEW DELHI: NHPC is gearing up to build India's biggest hydro plant, a 3,000 MW project that is equivalent to about half its current total capacity and three times the size of its biggest unit, even as it brushes off concerns over competition from the private sector.
State-owned NHPC recently received approvals from the Forest Advisory Committee for Dibang hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh and plans to approach the Cabinet Committee for a final nod within a year.
"We will execute the Dibang project in partnership with one of the PSUs and the state government at an investment of Rs 15,000-16,000 crore. Due to its large scale, the per-MW project cost will be much less than the average of Rs 7-8 crore," NHPC Chairman and Managing Director RST Sai said. "Also, we will be able to execute the project faster as there are only a handful of families living at such high altitude and it will save time for their rehabilitation."
NHPC, which operates 6,500 MW of hydro power generation capacity, expects to build more plants as the Narendra Modi government pushes for faster clearances for infrastructure projects in a bid to boost the economy. The share of hydro power in the country's generation capacity has been declining as delayed environmental clearances and rehabilitation of displaced people stalled projects.
Sai said the private sector is in no position to challenge the state-owned company's dominance in generating hydro power and cited the example of the Jaypee Group , which put its hydro projects on the block to reduce debt. Executives who left for highpaying jobs now want to come back as they see a future for hydro only in NHPC, he said.
Sai's main concern is about delays in the 2,000 MW Subansiri project in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, which is being opposed by a section of affected locals. He added that finance is not a challenge for NHPC since it has reserves to the tune of Rs 16,000 crore and the company enjoys access to low-cost funds. He is not looking at growth through the acquisition of private sector projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-funded hydel project progress key in presidents Bhutan tripIndia funded hydel project progress key in President Pranab Mukherjee’s Bhutan trip
ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 05.33AM IST
Tags:
Bhutan
(Hydel power projects are…)
NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee is scheduled to land in Bhutan on November 7 for a two-day visit in the first standalone visit of an Indian president since 1988, less than five months after Narendra Modi chose the neighbouring country for his first visit as prime minister.
"The presidential visit coming close on the heels of the PM's trip reflects the significance that Delhi attaches to Thimphu . It also reflects a vibrant South Asia policy that the Modi government wishes to pursue," a senior government official said.
One of the key goals of Mukherjee's visit is to review progress of the work on India-funded hydel power projects in Bhutan, officials said.
Hydel power projects are the cornerstone of India-Bhutan ties, meeting some of India's energy needs while contributing significantly to the economy of the Himalayan state. In June, Modi had laid the foundation stone of the 600 mw Kholongchu Hydropower Project.
Bhutan exports 1,416 mw of electricity to India annually. In 2008, the two governments had decided to produce 10,000 mw of electricity by 2020 through 10 projects. Work on these projects is at various stages of completion, officials said.
President Pratibha Patil had in 2008 visited Bhutan to attend coronation ceremony of the current King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TaxiForSure triggers fare war  drops base chargesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ventures
TaxiForSure triggers fare war, drops base charges to Rs 49 for 4 km in all cities
Sujit John & Shilpa Phadnis, TNN Nov 1, 2014, 01.23PM IST
Tags:
Accel Partners Helion Ventures
(The closest competitor,…)
BANGALORE: Cab service TaxiForSure will drop fares from Saturday to a level that will turn the heat on not just rivals but also autorickshaws. The new base fare will be Rs 49 for 4 km in all cities it serves, down from Rs 200 for 10 km for an AC hatchback car. After 4 km, the rate will be Rs 14 a km.
This rate makes it cheaper than an auto for 4-km commutes in Bangalore and Chennai, and just a little more than an auto in Delhi, Pune and Hyderabad. In Mumbai, the company is having a dry run and plans to formally launch the service next week.
In Bangalore, even for a 10km trip, TaxiForSure will cost about the same as an auto. In other cities, it will be a little bit higher. The closest competitor, Ola, has a minimum fare of Rs 100 for the first 6 km in Bangalore, first 5km in Chennai and first 4 km in Delhi. Beyond that, it charges Rs 10 a km.
"A constant feedback we got from customers was that they use cabs for long distances and autorickshaws for short distances. Now that we have lots of cabs in each city , we are able to offer short distance trips too," Raghunandhan G, co-founder of TaxiForSure, told TOI.
In Bangalore, for instance, it now has about 100 cabs per sq km."Earlier , a cab had to travel some 4 km to get to a customer and that's a waste if the subsequent commute is only for 3 or 4 km. Now , it has to travel for less than 2 km to get to a customer , and the average waiting time for a customer would be less than 10 minutes," said Raghunandhan, who founded the company in 2011 with longtime friend Aprameya Radhakrishna . It has raised $50 million in funding from VC firms Accel Partners, Helion Ventures and others. The cab market has seen fierce competition in recent times, and the most aggressive so far have been Ola and Googlebacked Uber . Analysts said Ola, which has received $210 million funding from Softbank, would surely respond to the latest challenge from TaxiForSure.
The economics may justify that. Raghunandhan said the total cost of running a cab -including fuel and wear & tear -was only Rs 3.5 per km. The rest is the driver salary and the operator's commission. "The entire market is seeing huge growth," he said.And that might now accelerate if commuters -who have generally felt harassed by autorickshaw drivers -turn to AC cabs for short distances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII flows hold key to market in truncated weekMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 13:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
{mosimage}More of short covering than the reemergence of foreign institutional investors flows (FIIs) helped the Indian equity market to touch new all-time high. Last week, the market barometer BSE Sensex hit an all-time high of 27,894.32 on Friday, before closing at an all-time high of 27,865.83. Though some long position has been building in the Indian market, for the market to have legs to climb higher it will require the support of fund flows.
The reason for the interest in Indian market is expectation of global money flowing into the market following weak global economies, especially Europe. Expectation of quantitative easing (QE) in Europe and Japan will see money coming into emerging markets including India, which has been the top performing market among emerging economies.
Japan has already hinted that it will continue its quantitative easing until the economy doesn't see inflation reaching up to 2 per cent. Annually Japan has increased its bond purchase programme from 50 trillion yen to 80 trillion yen. Though there are expectations that money from Japan will flow into global markets, so far unlike the US and Europe, easy money from Japan has not witnessed any huge outflow to other economies. However, strong expectation of another QE in the Euro-Zone will add more liquidity in the world. On Thursday, November 6, the European Central Bank and Bank of England will announce their stance on interest rates, which the market is expecting to remain unchanged. Though the US has announced to stop it's bond purchase programme, it has clearly indicated it is in no hurry to raise interest rates, which is a huge positive for the world markets.
The other major reason for interest in the Indian market has been the sharp fall in global energy prices. Crude oil prices falling from $110 per barrel to $85 per barrel has been seen as a huge positive for the Indian economy and markets. In fact, the 20-23 per cent fall in crude is seen as a boon in a scenario where the fiscal deficit has reached 83 per cent in the first half of FY2015. Most players in the market expect expenditure cut by the government in the next six months of 2014/15.
However, the fall in oil price and domestic petrol and diesel prices couldn't help in increasing automobile sales for October, which will see auto stocks to be in focus during the week. Cement stocks will also be in focus as cement companies report their monthly sales numbers.
Meanwhile, in the truncated week with Indian equity market being closed on November 4 and 6, 2014 on account of Muharrum and Guru Nanak Jayanti, respectively, the market will keep a close eye on HSBC Manufacturing PMI data on Monday, November 3, and HSBC India Services PMI data on Wednesday, November 5. For September 2014, HSBC Manufacturing PMI data was at 51, falling from 52.4 in August 2014, while HSBC Services PMI data for September 2014 was 51.6 from 50.6 in August 2014. Till the index remains above 50 it signifies growth.
Key results like Larsen & Toubro, Jet Airways, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank , Marico, Dabur India, Jindal Steel & Power, Trent, Sun TV and Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceutical will be in focus.

Gate With Infamous Nazi Slogan Stolen From Concentration Camp SiteDachau Concentration Camp Gate Stolen
Posted:
reddit
Two women walk through the main entrance of the concentration camp memorial in Dachau, Germany, Sunday, Nov. 2, 2014, where the wrought-iron gate  with the slogan 'Arbeit macht frei' ('work sets you free') is missing. Police said in a statement that security officials noticed early Sunday the gate section measuring 190 by 95 centimeters (75 by 37 inches) was missing. They said that whoever stole it during the night would have had to climb over another gate to reach it. (AP Photo/dpa, Andreas Geb
BERLIN (AP) — A wrought-iron gate bearing the Nazis' cynical slogan "Arbeit macht frei," or "Work sets you free," has been stolen from the former Dachau concentration camp, police said Sunday.
Security officials noticed early Sunday morning that the gate measuring 190 by 95 centimeters (75 by 37 inches) — set into a larger iron gate — was missing, police said in a statement. Whoever stole it during the night would have had to climb over another gate to reach it, they added.
Police said they found nothing in the immediate vicinity of the camp and appealed for anyone who noticed any suspicious people or vehicles to come forward.
Dachau, near Munich, was the first concentration camp set up by the Nazis in 1933. More than 200,000 people from across Europe were held there and over 40,000 prisoners died before it was liberated by U.S. forces on April 29, 1945. The camp is now a memorial.
Memorial director Gabriele Hammermann condemned the theft of the gate, which she described as "the central symbol for the prisoners' ordeal," news agency dpa reported.
She said a private security service supervises the site but officials had decided against surveillance of the former camp with video cameras because they didn't want to turn it into a "maximum-security unit." That decision may now have to be reviewed, she added.
A blog posted by Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial wrote that "while we do not know who is behind the theft of the sign, the theft of such a symbolic object is an offensive attack on the memory of the Holocaust."
In December 2009, the infamous "Arbeit macht frei" sign that spanned the main gate of the Auschwitz death camp, built by the Nazis in occupied Poland, was stolen. Police found it three days later cut into pieces in a forest on the other side of Poland.
A Swedish man who had a neo-Nazi past was found guilty of instigating that theft and jailed in his homeland. Five Poles also were convicted of involvement and imprisoned.
More:

Black money probe reveals inheritance of accounts thread runs through list'PM Modi visits boost India's perception as investment destination'
Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously-constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have ‘unaccounted’ wealth parked in the Swiss banks.
Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank.
While Switzerland has agreed to provide ‘prompt’ assistance to India and reply to information requests in a time-bound manner, the Indian authorities are conducting their own probes before approaching the Swiss government.
The due diligence of names accessed by Indian government through various sources, including the so-called HSBC list shared by the French government, has found that many such accounts have been “inherited” by their current owners from their parents, other family members or now-defunct trusts and companies that were set up years ago.
While the exact number of such accounts could not be ascertained, sources said that there are “quite a few” such accounts on which India is seeking further details from the Swiss authorities.
Switzerland, long accused of being a safe haven for illicit funds, last month promised to extend all necessary assistance to India and reply to requests for information in a “time-bound” manner, or at least provide a reason for denial.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such ‘secret’ information, a Swiss Finance Ministry spokesperson recently said from Berne that authorities from the two countries are having “regular contacts on bilateral tax matters”, but refused to comment on particular cases citing ‘confidentiality’ clause of the Swiss-India tax treaty.
The government last week gave to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank, on which probe for suspected black money is underway.
While this list was given in ‘sealed envelopes’, three other names were made public a day earlier as prosecution had been launched against those persons.
There has been a debate on whether disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011.
This agreement is in line with international standards and provides for exchange of information on request.
The list of 627 persons with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank was received by India from the French government, while it had earlier got another list of Indians with suspected black money accounts from Germany.
TAGS: Black Money Black Money Holders Black Money List Black Money News
More from economy
Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week Government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.

Now  Ambika Soni defends Robert Vadra over outburst  says  leave him aloneWill not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI
Defending Robert Vadra over his public spat with a journalist, senior Congress leader Ambika Soni today said he should be left alone.
“The law is equal for everyone… I don’t think it is fair to intrude upon the privacy of an individual and target him like this,” Soni, AICC General Secretary in-charge of the party’s affairs in Uttarakhand, said here.
She was asked to comment on the episode involving Vadra in which he had pushed aside microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
The senior Congress leader also criticised the newly formed BJP government in Haryana for its statements on instituting an enquiry into the alleged land deals.
“Statements from Haryana government about an enquiry keep coming on a regular basis. I see no point in it when a reply on the issue is already in public domain. It is absolutely not fair to target a private individual like this,” she said.
Backing party president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Vadra, Congress had said yesterday that “repeated hounding” of an individual is “not appropriate” and advised the media to avoid “unpleasantness” of shooting questions at private functions.
TAGS: Ambika Soni Congress Robert Vadra Rahul Gandhi Robert Vadra Robert Vadra Land Deal Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
Delhi police look for Uber driver accused of rape Delhi police were searching for a driver from the international taxi-booking service Uber for allegedly raping a young woman...

Gold rate slips again in Mumbai on renewed selling; silver extends lossesAfter a modest rebound over the weekend, gold prices dropped again at the domestic bullion market today following fresh bouts of profit-taking as well as poor local buying support in the face of bearish overseas sentiment.
Silver, on the other hand, continued its uninterrupted downtrend amid sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) declined by Rs 80 to end at Rs 25,985 per 10 grams from last Saturday’s closing level of Rs 26,065.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) shed by Rs 85 to finish at Rs 26,130 per 10 grams compared to Rs 26,215 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped by Rs 120 to conclude at Rs 36,850 per kg against the weekend level of Rs 36,970.
The US Fed’s decision to end its years long bullion- friendly bond buying programme has led to investors dumping gold and accumulating equities, a bullion trader said.
Last week, the yellow metal lost over 4.58 per cent to hit a 15-month low, while silver slumped more than 6 per cent.
Globally, the shiny metal remained under intense selling pressure, stretching its losing streak to a fourth session on the back of upbeat US macro data as well as stronger dollar which hit a four-year peak against major currencies, hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
Last week, both the precious metals sank to their lowest levels since 2010 following a massive sell-off unleashed by panic-striken speculators and funds.
Spot gold was bid lower at USD 1,172.26 an ounce during the European morning trade, while silver was bid at USD 16.09 an ounce.
More from commodities

Mulayam takes dig at  mysterious Modi silenceWill not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav today said that despite China making forays into the Indian territory frequently, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has maintained a “mysterious silence”.
“Nation’s boundaries are not safe. China has been making frequent forays into our territory but Prime Minister Narendra Modi has pinned up his mouth which has in turn encouraged China,” he said.
Yadav was here to pay floral tributes to Nathoo Singh ,his political mentor, on his 29th death anniversary.
The SP leader said the death of first Prime Minister Jawahar Lal Nehru was not because of any ailment but due to shock of Chinese invasion.
Yadav said Modi captured power in the Lok Sabha elections “misguiding” people who got swayed by his “false promises and rosy propaganda”.
“Modi had claimed during the election campaign that he will bring back black money and provide jobs to the unemployed, but nothing has been done so far to fulfil his promises,” he said.
Patting UP Chief Minister Akhlesh Yadav, he said the SP government was doing good work giving boost to economic avenues and infrastructure to ensure economic growth of the state.
He said the state government has taken up various development prgrammes and schemes to help uplift the poor and the down trodden.
More from miscellaneous
Delhi police look for Uber driver accused of rape Delhi police were searching for a driver from the international taxi-booking service Uber for allegedly raping a young woman...

Why power sector exposure is critical to SBIAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 12:00 IST
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
Anand Adhikari
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has previously said the bank's exposure to coal blocks that have been cancelled by the Supreme Court is only about Rs 4,100 crore. This limited exposure of the country's largest bank is like a drop in the ocean (just 0.40 per cent) if one compares it with the bank's total domestic advances of Rs 10,08,530 crore as on June 30, 2014.
The larger worry, bankers say, is of the total power exposure in the books of the domestic lender . Given this background, Bhattacharya has requested the RBI to allow a 25-year scheme with a refinancing option after five years, which offers longer repayment tenures for new infrastructure projects, to be extended to existing power projects. This new scheme was announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget 2014/15.
SBI has a power sector exposure of Rs 92,919 crore, which represents close to 10 per cent of the total loan portfolio. The power sector exposure is dangerously placed within the overall infrastructure portfolio. Out of the total infrastructure loan of Rs 1,53,136 crore, the power sector has a share of a whopping 61 per cent at Rs 92,919 crore.
"This is a worrying factor as there is no support from other infrastructure loans like roads, which too are facing problems," says a banker on condition of anonymity.
There is not much positive development in the coal shortage scenario. The situation has, in fact, aggravated after the Supreme Court cancelled the coal blocks. The other big issues many power producers are fighting out with State Electricity boards (SEBs) is the tariff relaxation in view of high imported coal prices.
Two major power players-Adani  Power  and Tata Power-have already invoked  force majeure clauses with SEBs for revising the power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Many banks would benefit if they are allowed to transfer loans to other banks and institutions.
The coal block auction is expected by December. There is also a proposal of allowing Coal India as a nodal agency to buy imported coal, blend it with its domestic coal and supply it to power plants by pooling both the prices. The proposal is to make available this pooled coal to power plants commissioned after 2009.
Bankers say if nothing happens, they have the option to go to corporate debt restructuring mechanism, where they have to take a cut by sacrificing interest and allow longer repayment schedules.

Singapore leads sovereign wealth packSingapore leads the pack in sovereign wealth deals
Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d018fde-6350-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google pitches in to make Internet go desiGoogle pitches in to make Internet go desi
S Ronendra Singh
Forms alliance to promote Indian language content online
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Google India on Monday announced the creation of the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA), a group committed to promoting the growth of Indic language content online.
The alliance would work together in building Indic language content for hundreds of millions of Indians who will be coming online for the very first time, mostly via smartphones and mobile devices, Google said here.
Internet users
Through its efforts, the ILIA hopes to enable 300 million Indian language speakers to become highly engaged Internet users by 2017.
Currently, there are over 200 million Internet users in India, about 16 per cent of its population of 1.2 billion, it said.
"Our mission at Google is to ensure the world’s information is universally accessible, and this includes the millions of users in India who are about to come online for the first time," Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, said
Hindi Voice Search will be just one of the many steps Google is taking to empower the Indian language users and advertisers to take advantage of the Web’s huge economic and social potential, he said.
Practically all of the country’s English-speaking population of 198 million is already online. The remaining 90 per cent of Indians, who are not online, tend not to be English speakers.
“Google is very committed to bringing new Internet users online in India,” Rajan Anandan, Vice President and Managing Director, Google India, said.
“Through the Indian Language Internet Alliance, we want to help content creators to act now and build relevant content for these new Indian language mobile users," he said.
The ILIA is composed of ABP News, Amar Ujala Publications Ltd, C-DAC, DB Digital, Firstouch, HinKhoj, Jagran Prakashan Ltd, LinguaNext Technologies Pvt. Ltd, NDTV, Network 18, Oneindia.com, Patrika Group, Process Nine Technologies Pvt Ltd, Prost Innovation Pvt Ltd, Reverie Language Technologies Pvt Ltd, Times Internet Ltd, Ver Se Innovation/NewsHunt, and Webdunia.com in addition to Google.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Apple prepares for debt saleApple prepares for debt sale
Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45bab744-636a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chimp app aims to cut alcohol abuseNovember 4, 2014 12:54 am
Chimp app aims to cut alcohol abuse
Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9be4f76-634a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NSA Director: US Needs Silicon Valley s ExpertiseThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Caught: Look who was spotted kissingCelebrity
Team 'Kill Dil' promote their film
Actors of forthcoming film, ‘Kill Dil’, Govinda, Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar are busy promoting their forthcoming film.
You might also like:
Kill Dil: Raw, Wild and Dirty
The Kill Dil team Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar were in Jaipur, Rajasthan to promote their film. They were in the boldest avatar and were seen shooting and having fun. The onlookers ... more 
The Kill Dil team Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar were in Jaipur, Rajasthan to promote their film. They were in the boldest avatar and were seen shooting and having fun. The onlookers were completely mesmerized by the charm of the stars.

Nikkei climbs past 17 000 to 7-year peakStocks cool as crude hits multiyear lows
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b18590-63cc-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil posts $1.8-bn trade deficit; worst in 16 yearsBrazil posts $1.8-bn trade deficit; worst in 16 years
PTI
Tweet
Brasilia, Nov 4:  
Brazil has posted a $1.18-billion October trade deficit, its second straight monthly deficit and worst October figure in 16 years, as Latin America’s biggest economy heads for almost zero growth this year.
Official government data had yesterday showed the losses following on from a $939-million September deficit as Trade Secretary Daniel Godinho blamed the figures largely on a 40 per cent fall in iron ore prices and sluggish auto sales, notably in Argentina.
Cumulative deficit
Brazil’s cumulative deficit for the year to date is $1.87 billion, with exports down 3.7 per cent at $191.97 billion and imports also down 3.7 per cent at $193.84 billion.
Last year, the world’s seventh largest economy posted an overall surplus of $2.56 billion — the worst performance in 13 years.
Exports, imports
Exports to struggling Argentina, Brazil’s third largest export market after China and the United States, slumped by a quarter (26.8 per cent) January through October, largely on a falloff in auto sales.
Exports to China and the European Union meanwhile fell 6.8 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively, over that period but rose 8.3 per cent to the US market.
Imports from Argentina fell 5.9 per cent, EU imports by 6.2 per cent and US imports by 1.9 per cent — but Chinese imports rose 0.5 per cent.
Brazil has endured four years of sluggish growth after several years of high growth beforehand peaked in 2010 when GDP rose 7.5 per cent on high Chinese demand for commodities which has since fallen back.
Analysts forecast Brazilian growth for this year will come in at just 0.24 per cent.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Martin Jetter to head IBMs global tech services unitMartin Jetter to head IBM’s global tech services unit
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 4:  
International Business Machine Corp named Martin Jetter as senior vice president and head of its global technology services unit, effective immediately.
Jetter, who currently heads IBM's operations in Japan, will initially report to Erich Clemanti and will succeed him as head of the services unit on January 1, when Clemanti will move to another senior leadership role, according to an internal IBM memo seen by Reuters.
"Martin has led a remarkable transformation of IBM Japan, returning it to growth - as he did previously as our leader of IBM Germany and GBS in Europe. In each case, he and his team have moved quickly to embrace new approaches and new thinking," IBM CEO Ginni Rometty wrote in the note.
IBM, the world's largest technology services company, is struggling to keep up with shifts in the industry as hardware becomes increasingly commoditized. The company, once best known for mainframe computers, has been pivoting to higher-margin businesses such as security software and cloud services, but growth in those areas has failed to offset weakness elsewhere.
Last month, IBM paid $1.5 billion to Globalfoundries to take over its loss-making semiconductor unit.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Kuroda sticks to inflationary promisesKuroda sticks to his inflationary promises
Japan has no alternative to the strategy of reflating the economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b963032-635a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC says women can be make-up artistsPrint
The court said the film industry, as a unit, could not be allowed to prolong this “gender bias”.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:54 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 10:58 am
The 59-year-old practice in the Indian film industry that bars women from being classified as make-up artists is set to end with the Supreme Court stating on Monday that it would not allow this “constitutionally impermissible discrimination” to continue.
In the film industry, only men are allowed to become make-up artists while women are classified as hairdressers. The trade unions say this is to ensure that the men are not deprived of work.
“How can this discrimination continue? We will not permit this. It cannot be allowed under our Constitution. Why should only a male artist be allowed to put make-up? How can it be said that only men can be make-up artists and women can be hairdressers? We don’t see a reason to prohibit a woman from becoming a make-up artist if she is qualified,” said a bench of Justices Dipak Misra and U U Lalit.
“You better delete this clause on your own. Remove this immediately. We are in 2014, not in 1935. Such things cannot continue even for a day,” the court told the Cine Costume Make-up Artists and Hair Dressers Association (CCMAA). The court said the film industry, as a unit, could not be allowed to prolong this “gender bias”.
The court was hearing a petition by Charu Khurana and other women make-up artists, who were rebuffed by the CCMAA when they sought make-up artist cards. Khurana qualified from the Cinema Make-up School, California, but her application for membership was rejected by the CCMAA in 2009 because she is a woman.
The bench directed the body to come back with a “positive response” within a week. Khurana’s counsel, Jyotika Kalra, complained that Maharashtra’s union refused to delete the clause even after a state government order. “Don’t worry. If they don’t do it this time, we will order deletion,” assured the bench.
It also expressed its displeasure at the Centre’s counsel asking for more time to collect information from across the country on this issue. The court said that besides Mumbai, only Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad have film industries and all the regional federations bar women from the job.
“There are industries only in a few states and the government should have taken a stand by now. But we will do it ourselves now,” said the bench, turning down the government’s request to grant additional time.

Offices biz looks up as firms seek scarce qualityaddressesPrint
Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:13 am
Renewed interest among corporate occupiers has led to developers of office spaces asking for higher prices. Office space at OneBKC in Mumbai’s Bandra Kurla Complex, for instance, is now being sold at R31,000 per sq ft, up from R27,000 per sq ft a couple of months ago. Much of this is a scarcity premium, considering that there’s little quality office space in the area and OneBKC is close to completion.
But corporates may pay up. Sources say firms like Lupin Laboratories and Novartis are scouting for properties as are the GMR Group and United Phosphorus.
And all of them want to be in Mumbai’s alternative business district. Indeed, demand for office space in BKC now estimated at an annual 6 lakh sq ft and tipped to keep growing while supply, for the next couple of years, is capped at around 12 lakh sq ft. Godrej BKC is among the complexes expected to be complete by end 2015 but the OneBKC property, belonging to Radius Developers with 15 lakh sq ft, should be ready before that.
Ashish Shah, business head, Radius Developers, confirmed his firm has upped the price and claimed it is “flooded” with enquires from companies of all hues willing to both buy and lease.
Indeed, there has been a pick-up in office leases in the three months to September; they’re up a sharp 31% year-on-year at 80 lakh sq ft across the top six cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Pune, according to consultancy firm CBRE South Asia. Office space absorptions in Mumbai were up by 15% y-o-y. Between them Mumbai, Bangalore and the National Capital Region (NCR) attracted around 72% of the space. According to sources, prominent lessors were Deutsche Bank, which rented 1 lakh sq ft in Nirlon Knowledge Park in the western suburbs of Goregaon in Mumbai, and TCS, which leased 3.5 lakh sq ft space in Galaxy IT Park in Noida.
Consultants say e-commerce companies are turning out to big lessors though IT/ITeS firms remain the main demand drivers.
Bangalore and Hyderabad saw a large number of pre-commitments for under-construction properties from firms as new supply of office space offers large floor plates. Ravi Ahuja, executive director, Cushman and Wakefield India, said: “Corporates have started taking decisions now, and consolidation and expansion of corporate firms is leading towards incremental demand for office space across India.”

Burkina Fasos military promises to hand over power to a consensus govtPrint
Lt. Col. Issac Yacouba Zida, looks down during a press briefing in the city of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, Monday, Nov. 3, 2014. Burkina Faso's military says it will hand over to a transitional government under a leader chosen by all sectors of society, to fill the power vacuum since long-time president Blaise Compaore resigned and fled. Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida met with diplomats Monday and announced the country will be led by "a transitional body within the constitutional framework." (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Ouagadougou | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:04 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:37 am
Burkina Faso’s military has promised to hand power to a “consensus” leader following the popular uprising that toppled Blaise Compaore, as African nations gave the regime two weeks to return to civilian rule. The army has stepped into a power vacuum left by Compaore, who was forced to resign last week in the wake of violent demonstrations over attempts to extend his 27-year-rule.
The Burkina military has named Lieutenant Colonel Isaac Zida as interim head of state, sparking angry protests and prompting threats of sanctions from the international community. Zida has claimed that “power does not interest us” and pledged to install a unity government with a “broad consensus”.
But the African Union kept the pressure on, setting a 14-day deadline at a crisis meeting in Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa yesterday for Burkina’s military to give up power. “After that period we are going to apply sanctions,” said Simeon Oyono Esono, head of the AU’s Peace and Security Council.
“The African Union is convinced that the change has been against democracy.” Washington said it was still “gathering facts” on the situation but could yet withdraw its USD 14 million annual aid package to Burkina Faso. Former colonial power France said yesterday it hoped for an announcement on the return of civilian rule “in the coming hours”.
For elections to be held, “it must be a civilian power that does it”, said French President Francois Hollande on the sidelines of a visit to Quebec. Hollande also said France had been in direct contact with Compaore prior to his ouster last week. “I made a statement on Friday asking Blaise Compaore to make the right decision, that is to leave,” said Hollande, adding that France had intervened to ensure he escaped “without drama” although its personnel did not directly participate.
Compaore and his wife have taken refuge in neighbouring Ivory Coast where they are being put up in a luxury government mansion in the capital Yamoussoukro. Zida promised the new government would be continued…

Taxi services gift drivers with cash  consum...You are here: Home > Collections
Taxi operators like Uber, Olacabs and others wooing drivers with cash, consumer durables
Harsimran Julka, Madhav Chanchani & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 08.22AM IST
Tags:
iPhone
(Taxi aggregators and operators…)
MUMBAI|BENGALURU|NEW DELHI: This Diwali, Delhi cab driver Shyam Kumar was spoilt for choices as two taxi companies he works for offered gifts ranging from LCD TVs and iPhones to scholarship for his child.
Taxi aggregators and operators are wooing drivers with rewards ranging from cash to consumer durables as well as subsidies and support to purchase cars, even as they scale up in a hyper-competitive market where ready availability of cabs is the most important factor that influences customer decision. As supply doesn't match increasing demand, keeping the drivers happy is key to the success of these companies.
"Nothing drives an entrepreneur more than rewards," said Anand Subramaniam, director for marketing communications at Olacabs.
Olacabs last week received $210 million (Rs 1,290 crore) of funding from Japan's Softbank . His company has helped drivers buy cars and become entrepreneurs themselves. "We have had occasions when 100 cars were sold in one day. Drivers with best ratings get LCD TVs and washing machines."
Half a dozen taxi-services companies — both online aggregators and operators such as Uber, Ola, Meru Cabs and Taxi-ForSure — are looking to increase the supply of cabs in India's metros. India has an estimated 5.5 lakh commercial cabs for its 10 large cities, which have a combined population of about 6 crore.
Taxi startups are flush with funds while established operators like Meru are planning to raise capital to take on the onslaught from the new players. Both are struggling with a shortage of commercial cab drivers.
"The biggest challenge for the industry (radio and online cab aggregators) is to balance demand and supply," said Jaspal Singh, Valoriser Consultants. "In order to build supply, the companies are recruiting tourist taxi operators and also work as guarantor for the financing of vehicles to new drivers."
Rewards help too, because they encourage a driver like Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, to keep working for a particular operator or someone else to join the network.
Online aggregator Uber offered LCD TVs and iPhones through lotteries and bonus money per trip for plying in the festive week. Meru offered scholarship and a Rs 50 reward for each good customer review.
In Mumbai, Olacabs is doling out Rs 1,000 to every Black-Yellow cab driver for the first week regardless of the number of rides they do. The caveat is that driver cannot refuse a ride whenever summoned.
"This is a network effect marketplace and the entire name of the game is scale," said Tarun Davda, director of Matrix Partners which has backed Olacabs. "The company which scales the most by adding more drivers and passengers will eventually win."
In Bengaluru, Uber is offering a bonus of Rs 300 to drivers to take three rides during peak hours. If a driver logs in 84 hours a week, he gets at least Rs 15,000 plus waiver on the commission that he needs to pay Uber. "Just the overall benefits and incentives itself takes care of the fuel costs," said Yashwanth, a Bengaluru-based full-time Uber driver. "Everything that I earn from my trips goes into savings." Uber declined to comment.
It's not only the login hours but also the customer experience that these aggregators are rewarding drivers for. Driver with high star ratings on Ola, TaxiFor-Sure and Uber get monetary rewards.
"Each customer review is priced at a certain amount. When it reaches a certain threshold at the end of the month we reward them with things like microwave ovens or petro cards," said Aprameya Radhakrishna, CEO of TaxiForSure.
Bengaluru-based TaxiForSure reduced its base fare for users to just Rs 49 when others such as Ola and Uber charge aroundRs 100. "In the current scheme of Rs 49 per 4 km, we have been subsidising the rides. We also subsidise the ride for a driver and give them Rs 5 per km extra if they have to ply long distance to grab a booking," Radhakrishna added.
Meru, the nation's largest taxi operator with about 10,000 cabs across 12 cities, says it is against offering subsidies and cash rewards.
"We believe that if you give cash rewards to drivers for doing something very basic then you are creating a culture where such expectations increase," said Siddharth Pahwa of Meru, which provides accident insurance and scholarship to drivers' children. "We do not want to create a subsidy culture in this industry."
The biggest friction point for online cab aggregators, experts say, is bringing drivers on the platform because you have to get them used to a commission model compared with a fixed salary which they were used to. But when they get used to it, some drivers prefer to work for the online aggregators. Kumar, the Delhi cab driver, said he prefers logging on to Uber app, as it gives him freedom to take offs whenever he wants to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L-G Najeeb Jung recommends dissolution of Delhi AssemblyUnion Cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi Assembly
Yahoo India –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014
New Delhi: The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ratified Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung's recommendation to dissolve the Delhi assembly and begin the process of a new election.
 
After meeting the BJP, Congress and AAP leaders here on Monday, Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung had recommended the dissolution of Delhi Assembly to President Pranab Mukherjee.
Earlier, Jung held a series of consultations with the principal political parties in Delhi to resolve the Delhi deadlock.
Sources say that Assembly elections in Delhi are likely to be held in February next year.
On Monday morning, in a letter delivered personally by Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, the single largest party in the Assembly, making it clear that it would not form the government.
The BJP has not yet named its candidates for the November 25 by-elections to three Delhi Assembly seats vacated after their representatives also won the Lok Sabha polls. The delay in announcing candidates for the bypolls - the deadline is November 5 - is being seen as the BJP's attempt to bypass that election and  seek dissolution of the Delhi Assembly altogether.
Delhi has been under President's Rule since Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal resigned as chief minister on February 14. After a series of denials, Kejriwal on Monday evening met Jung. (with agency inputs)
Recommend

Nikkei soars to seven-year high on public pension fund  BOJ euphoriaNikkei soars to seven-year high on public pension fund  BOJ euphoria
Fed Up With Electricity Cuts  Businesses Warm Up To Solar PowerFed Up With Electricity Cuts  Businesses Warm Up To Solar Power
Flipkart rejigs top management  CFO leaves the companyHi Guest
Flipkart rejigs top management, CFO leaves the company
In significant top management level changes at Flipkart, interim CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy is leaving the firm and Fashion Head Mukesh Bansal will now be the marketing chief of the home grown e-commerce major. Flipkart Vice-President (Marketplace) Ankit Nagori's role has also been expanded and he will now be responsible for books and general merchandise categories as well. Krishnamurthy, who joined the Bangalore-based firm from investment company Tiger Global in 2013, was also Senior Vice ...

Lt Governor Najeeb Jung recommends dissolution of Delhi AssemblyLt Governor Najeeb Jung recommends dissolution of Delhi Assembly
Australian Dollar Recoups Early Losses Following RBA...Australian Dollar Recoups Early Losses Following RBA...
Coastal Roadways to hold board meetingCoastal Roadways to hold board meeting
Thwarted  Clarke admits Oz yet to learn lesson against spinThwarted  Clarke admits Oz yet to learn lesson against spin
Branson vows to be Virgin Galactic s first space passenger despite fatal crashHi Guest
Branson vows to be Virgin Galactic's first space passenger despite fatal crash
ly said that he still plans to be on his company's first craft that takes tourists to space. Branson said on Monday that he wouldn't ask others to go on a spacecraft if he didn't feel it was safe enough for him, reported the CNN. He added that the ...

Euro-Indian Technology Sourcing to help Indian companies develop business in Western EuropeEuro-Indian Technology Sourcing to help Indian companies develop business in Western Europe
Disney cloud movie service adds Google Play purchasesDisney cloud movie service adds Google Play purchases
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 4:  
Walt Disney Co said its cloud-based movie service will expand to include purchases made through the Google Play online store, the latest in a string of moves by Hollywood studios to encourage digital ownership.
Disney launched the service called Disney Movies Anywhere in February, initially allowing users to buy Disney, Pixar and Marvel films through the service's app or website, or through Apple Inc's iTunes store.
Starting Tuesday, purchases made through Google Inc's Google Play will also be accessible via Disney Movies Anywhere on computers, Android mobile devices and TVs connected to the Internet through Google's Chromecast device.
"We want to make it easy for movie fans to enjoy all of their past and future digital purchases across all of their devices," said Jonathan Zepp, head of Google Play Movies partnerships.
Studios are trying to steer movie fans to digital purchases as sales of physical discs fade.
The integration of Google Play into Disney Movies Anywhere coincides with the digital release of Disney films "Maleficent" and "Planes: Fire and Rescue."
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

House of Commons passes motion on Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas meetHouse of Commons passes motion on Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas meet
PTI
Tweet
London, Nov 4:  
A motion has been moved in Britain’s House of Commons applauding the success of the recently concluded Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference that was attended by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
The Early Day motion on the event held here last month was moved by Indian-origin Labour MP Keith Vaz.
The motion, on which there will be no discussion or vote, said: “That this House applauds the success of the Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference on 17-18 October 2014, which discussed the role of the Indian diaspora in Europe.”
The resolution, “notes that the Indian diaspora is the largest ethnic minority group in the UK making up 2.5 per cent of the population; further notes that despite this it contributes over 6 per cent of the UK’s GDP.”
The resolution also calls for further recognition of the contribution that the Indian diaspora makes to the UK economy and culture.
It congratulates the Indian High Commissioner to London Ranjan Mathai on the success of this “important initiative”.
London’s first-ever Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (RPBD) was inaugurated by Swaraj last month.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Singapore to adopt OECD pact to tackle tax cheatsSingapore to adopt OECD pact to tackle tax cheats
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 4:  
Singapore will implement a global agreement on swapping tax information, aimed at ending offshore tax evasion, by 2018, provided certain conditions are met, Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam said.
Singapore would adopt the standard drawn up by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that will require countries to automatically share taxpayers' financial information as along as rival wealth management centres do the same.
"There must be a level playing field among all major financial centres, including Hong Kong, Dubai, Switzerland and Luxembourg, to minimise regulatory arbitrage," he said in a written response to a parliamentary question.
Last week, finance ministers and tax chiefs from 51 countries, including Luxembourg, signed up to be "early adopters" of the new OECD standard.
Singapore, Hong Kong, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates were not among the signatories, although they have all signalled their intent to adopt the pact.
A push by governments to clamp down on tax evasion following the 2008 financial crisis has led to increased pressure on wealth management centres like Switzerland and Singapore to ease up on their bank secrecy rules.
Singapore, where asset managers oversaw more than S$1.8 trillion ($1.40 trillion) at the end of 2013, brought in new rules last year to make tax evasion a criminal offence under its money laundering rules and has signed up to earlier OECD standards on tax transparency.
Tharman also said Singapore would only agree to exchange information with countries that can ensure the confidentiality of the data they provide and offer reciprocity.
"These conditions are necessary to make sure that we continue to respect legitimate expectations for taxpayer confidentiality," he said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Qatar s wealth fund keen to invest in ChinaQatar's wealth fund keen to invest in China
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 4:  
Qatar's sovereign wealth fund and one of the world's most aggressive investors, Qatar Investment Authority, is keen to invest in China's property, infrastructure and healthcare sectors, Chief Executive Ahmed Al-Sayed said on Tuesday.
The fund, which is estimated to have around $170 billion, also plans to invest between $15 billion and $20 billion in Asia in the next five years, Al-Sayed said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

100 Indian companies expected to take part in France business summit100 Indian companies expected to take part in France business summit
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Nearly 100 Indian companies are expected to participate in the Euro-Indian Technology Sourcing (EITS) 2014 business summit to be held at Metz in France between December 9-11 this year.
EITS 2014 is a business convention proposed to Indian and European companies looking to establish new contacts and boost their trade relations in the fields of materials, energy and processes, Claude Bitte, Vice-President of General Council Moselle, told presspersons here.
“We expected a total of about 300 participating companies from France, India and Germany to participate in EITS 2014 this year, which includes 100 companies from India. The event will be a great opportunity for companies to build relationships with their future partners in counterpart countries.
“The summit will focus on the fields of materials and process for industries such as metals, chemicals, plastics and natural fibres and transportation and energy,” Bitte said.
The present trade between India and France is estimated at $8.8 billion, which includes $5.1 billion worth of exports from India and $3.7 billion of imports from France.
This edition of EITS follows the successful Euro India Transport Systems business convention organised by Moselle Economic Agency in 2009, which was the biggest convention ever organised between India and Europe on the theme of transportation systems.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Markets closed for MuharramWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Economic recovery still a distant realityShweta Punj      Follow @shwetapunj    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Testing times: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Photo: Yasbant Negi
Last Diwali, high onion and sugar prices were a cause of much concern, as India battled near-double-digit inflation. The United Progressive Alliance government had explained at the time that high demand was responsible for escalating prices, especially during the festival season. This year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is himself monitoring the prices of onion and sugar. "He personally monitors the economy very closely. Have you heard anything on sugar prices this season? High prices had almost become the norm during festivals," says a ministerial colleague.
Indeed, a few macroeconomic indicators have given the National Democratic Alliance government something to cheer about. Economic growth accelerated in the first quarter of 2014/15 (April-June) to 5.7 per cent - the fastest pace in nine quarters. Inflation , too, is easing. In September, wholesale inflation eased to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent while retail inflation at 6.46 per cent fell to its lowest since January 2012. "We are committed to continuing reforms in food markets that will improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a statement on October 14. Low inflation will give the Reserve Bank of India headroom to pare interest rates and boost growth.
Industrial output actually grew much below expectations at 0.4 per cent in July and August this year, indicating the fragility of the Indian growth story
So, has the economy turned the corner? Not yet, warn economists. The growth numbers in the first quarter were a result of deferred expenditure by the government with no uptick in the investment rate. "Nothing major has happened. There is no investment in additional capacity and IIP (Index of Industrial Production) numbers do not indicate growth on a structural basis," says D.K. Srivastava, Policy Advisor, EY.
Industrial output actually grew much below expectations at 0.4 per cent in July and August this year, indicating the fragility of the Indian growth story, especially disappointing at a time when a pick-up in demand around the festival season pushes up production. India's manufacturing sector activity contracted for the second consecutive month in September as both output and new orders witnessed a decline, according to the HSBC Purchasing Managers Index survey. "The biggest challenge is corporate debt-to-GDP ratio, which reached its highest levels a year or so back. There is no cash flow from projects and these problems have nothing to do with interest rates," says Samiran Chakraborty, Chief Economist, Standard Chartered Bank.
Meanwhile, in the first five months (April-August) of 2014/15, the fiscal deficit has touched almost 75 per cent of the full year's target. It puts pressure on interest rates as the government will have to borrow from the financial markets to bridge the gap between revenues and spending, and deals a blow to prospects of an economic recovery.
India will have to drastically shore up its capital productivity if it has to return to high growth rates, believes Ridham Desai, MD, Morgan Stanley India. "For us to be at 9 per cent [growth] we will have to take either the investment rate a lot higher or improve capital productivity significantly," sums up Desai.

Tips to have an enjoyable multi-day hikePrachi Bhuchar        Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Get in Hiking Shape
What's the most extreme scenario you could face on a hiking trip? Encountering a bear, maybe? Implausible as it may sound, you've got to have your combat skills in place. Or your fleeing skills, if fighting back is just not your style. It won't be easy, but it's better than becoming some hulking creature's dinner. Oh well, enough with the scare tactics already. Here's how you can have an enjoyable multi-day hike without collapsing halfway through it.
GO SLOW AND STEADY
To get your body accustomed to carrying a 15-kg backpack, start with twokm hikes about thrice a week. Depending on your speed, this should be a 30-45 minute brisk walk. Prior to the hike, do some basic warm-up exercises. Spot jogging and stretching should help. Hiking on flat terrain is very different from walking uphill and downhill, and you need to engage those particular muscles when preparing yourself. Most of us are not blessed with naturally hilly terrain in the immediate vicinity, so try training on the stairs or an aerobic step machine. Go on, tire yourself out.
LOAD IT UP
Carrying loads forms an important part of your training routine. Steadily increase the weight of your expedition pack until you're able to finish a 12-km hike with a 10-kg backpack. Keep increasing the weight till you're able to carry 25 per cent of your body weight.
TAKE IT EASY
Evaluate your progress each day and increase load and distance very gradually. You may have to be ready for a multi-day hike in three weeks, but don't push yourself too much, too quickly. For the second week, stick to carrying your backpack on easier terrain. Throw in a few squats and lunges in your training routine to improve balance.
USE SUITABLE GEAR
Your body needs to be at its comfortable best to perform. Footwear is crucial because your feet bear the brunt of your weight and good hiking shoes can prevent blisters, muscle aches and skin irritation. Also, your backpack should have broad or cushioned straps that do not dig into your shoulders.

Spain imposes Google TaxUpdated: November 2, 2014 03:00 IST
Spain imposes ‘Google Tax’
Spain
Newspapers can charge the search engine for listing links on Google News
The Spanish government has successfully passed a new copyright law which imposes fees for online content aggregators such as Google News, in an effort to protect its print media industry.
The new intellectual property law, known popularly as the “Google Tax” or by its initials LPI, requires services which post links and excerpts of news articles to pay a fee to the organisation representing Spanish newspapers, the Association of Editors of Spanish Dailies (known by its Spanish-language abbreviation AEDE). Failure to pay up can lead to a fine of up to €600,000.
The law is the latest volley in the war between European newspapers and Google. The publishers accuse the search firm of using their copyrighted material to build up a news service without doing any reporting of its own; Google defends itself by claiming that it secured 10 billion views to newspapers’ websites every month.
The company says that it is “disappointed” with Spain’s new law. “We believe that services like Google News help publishers bring traffic to their sites. As far as the future is concerned, we will continue working with the Spanish publishers to help increase their revenues while we evaluate our options within the framework of the new legislation.”
A similar law passed in Germany saw Google removing the affected newspapers from Google news altogether — before the publishers eventually came back and asked to be relisted after seeing their traffic plummet, a step they said they had to take because of the “overwhelming market power of Google”.
The “Google tax” isn’t the only component of Spain’s law, which tightens up existing regulation. Once it comes into action at the beginning of 2014, the country will also require websites to remove links to material that infringes copyright, even if the websites themselves don’t make money from the infringement. It doesn’t require copyright holders to go through a judge before demanding links be removed, while imposing fines of €600,000 on sites which don’t act.
The law also applies to the third party sites providing hosting or payment services to the infringing site, something that has led opponents of the law to label it as “censorship”, comparing it to the financial boycott of Wikileaks. — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Centre planning unified command on black moneyModi government mulls unified command on black money to improve coordination among agencies
BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Tags:
black money investigation
(“Though the agencies…)
NEW DELHI: To make headway in chasing black money parked abroad, the government is planning to set up a unified command to improve coordination among agencies involved in the investigations.
The thinking at the highest level in the government is that agencies such as the Central Bureau of Investigation , Enforcement Directorate , Central Board of Direct Taxes , Financial Intelligence Unit , Intelligence Bureau , Research and Analysis Wing , Reserve Bank of India and Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and the Narcotics Control Bureau are working in silos, sharing little information.
"Though the agencies have met during the meetings of SIT ( Special Investigation Team ), nothing concrete has come out in terms of investigations. There is a need to bring them together under a mother organisation to ensure better coordination and meaningful outcome," revealed a senior government official.
Sources in the investigation agencies told ET that the issue of Indians holding foreign bank accounts had become mired in confusion, with some mishandling by the government and also by the fact that it was tied down owing to taxation treaties with other countries such as Switzerland.
"There are so many agencies that are involved in the probe but there is no single organisation that knows what headway, if any, has been made by each one of them. Now that the government has given the names of 627 account holders to the Supreme Court, the next logical step is to reveal who all among them have illegally gotten money or that which can be linked to proceeds of crime. The agencies will have to get their best investigators on the job and they will need to share their information on a real-time basis," the official said.
As of now, the various agencies have different reporting heads. The CBDT , FIU and ED report to the department of revenue. "There are contradictions even within this. The FIU reports to the revenue department but its nodal office, the Financial Action Tax Force cell, is housed in the department of economic affairs," another official said.
"The CBI reports to the ministry of personnel, IB to the home ministry, R&AW to Cabinet Secretariat, RBI is independent. The different reporting heads are affecting the efficiency of the probe," he explained.
A unified command is expected to make it easier for the government to deal with multiple foreign agencies as a single entity to tackle the issues of money laundering and financial terrorism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jobs in e-comm sector in demand among B-school  engineering gradsB-school
(Nearly 3 million Indians…)
NEW DELHI: Engineering and B-school graduates are opting for jobs in the e-commerce industry over sectors like FMCG, consulting, financial services and infrastructure, according to a poll by Assocham.
"The number of intakes by the e-commerce sector from the various B-schools and engineering colleges has gone up by 65 per cent this season over last year (35 per cent)," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
The survey sample included over 500 students from various B-schools, including IIMs, BITS, ICFAI Business School and Symbiosis Institute of International Business (Pune). The survey was conducted between September and October 2014.
Over 71 per cent respondents preferred e-commerce sector and even aspire to become first-generation successful entrepreneurs by investing in the sector, the survey said.
The e-commerce industry has experienced unprecedented growth with its total revenue increasing over 60 times between 2010 and 2014.
"More and more pass-outs from B-Tech and MBA graduates are flocking to e-commerce industry over highly leveraged sectors like FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods), consulting, financial services, services jobs, telecom, real estate, power and other infrastructure," Assocham said.
Nearly 3 million Indians work in the e-commerce sector, whereas 18 million jobs are created in other sectors as a result of e-commerce operations like marketing, IT, logistics and payment services.
"India is successful in becoming the largest e-commerce market in the world. The rapid transformation in logistics, innovation, consumerism and productivity prove to be an interesting case study for other emerging economies," Rawat said.
"The hiring activities are expected to grow by over 60-65 per cent in this sector and may help create between 5-8 lakh employment opportunities in three to five years," he added.
E-commerce companies are offering nearly around Rs 10-25 lakh annual package, higher than the average starting salary of Rs 4-7 lakh in the private sector for fresh engineering graduates and others, the poll showed.
The survey also revealed that fresher packages are around Rs 2-3.5 lakh per annum for roles like customer service representatives but for other management and technical roles, the starting package would be anywhere between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 14 lakh per annum.
Estimated to be a $ 3 billion segment, the Indian e-commerce sector has been growing at a massive pace with players like Snapdeal and Flipkart raising funds from a range of investors. Also, world's largest online retailer Amazon has committed investment of $ 2 billion in the country over the next few years.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $ 2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $ 32 billion size by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Unheeding system forcing Indias youth into low-paying jobsNumber of adolescents (10 to 19 years old) in country is over 25 crore while youth, defined by census as people between 15 and 24 , number 23 crore.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: They make up nearly a third of the country. Almost 90% are educated to some extent. Traditional gender differences in education and work are diminishing. The much anticipated advantage of having an enormous population of young people seems within India's grasp. And yet the system is pressing them down.
An unconscionable number of adolescents are already working although they should be studying. In rural areas, staggeringly high numbers of youth are working as agricultural labourers. And over 20% are jobless. These are some of the findings of the latest Census 2011 data released on Thursday.
The number of adolescents (10 to 19 years old) in the country is over 25 crore while youth, defined by the census as people between 15 and 24 , number 23 crore. The total young population between 10 and 24 years is nearly 36.5 crore — more than 30% of the country's population.
Although the census does not give detailed educational qualifications, literacy rates among this young population are indicative. Over 90% of adolescents and 86% of youth are literate compared to an overall literacy rate of 63%. For the whole population, 70% of men and 56% of women are literate.
But among the younger people, this difference is dramatically down. Among adolescents, 92% males and 88% females are literate, while among youth, the figures are 90 and 82% respectively.
This particular slice of census data provides a picture of employment trends among the young, but only in broad strokes. The most startling figure in this is that nearly 4 crore adolescents, making up nearly 15% of the 10-19 age group, are working. About 80% of these are in the 15-19 age group.
This is testimony to the fact that entry into higher education — the natural objective of this age group — is still not in their grasp. Economic compulsions force them to take up jobs, killing any dream of higher skills or education.
Among dalits, the proportion of working adolescents rises to 16% while among adivasis, it shoots up to 25%, indicating the educational deprivation among these sections.
That the young people are crushed down by an unheeding system and made to waste the prime of their lives in low paying irregular jobs is clearly revealed by the census data on marginal workers, that is, those who get work for less than six months in a year.
While about a quarter of India's workforce is engaged in marginal work, over 45% adolescents and 34% youth are such marginal workers. This marginalization of youth is higher in rural areas, but even in urban areas, where educated youth would expect to find jobs more to their aspirations, over 20% of them are doing irregular and low paying jobs.
One popular perception punctured by the census data is that youth are deserting traditional occupations like agriculture or household industries. The proportion of youth involved in cultivation or working as manual laborers in rural areas is the same as for workers of all ages put together. Clearly, the demographic dividend is being frittered away in the fields.

Modi Government turns to Indian banksBlack Money
(Banks will be asked to pierce…)
NEW DELHI: The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who reiterated his pledge to battle black money on Sunday, is roping in banks to spearhead the bid to unearth wealth that's been salted away behind the facade of trusts, special purpose vehicles and other complex corporate structures often used to evade taxes.
Banks will be asked to pierce the veil to ascertain the actual owners of such accounts, according to a new set of rules being framed by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. "The rules are under preparation... These should be made public in a month," said a finance ministry official aware of the move. The new regime will take effect from the next financial year.
The details thus obtained will also help India exchange information under the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), besides a new global protocol from September 2015.
Even the Special Investigation Team on black money, set up by the government at the direction of the SC, has identified tackling tax evasion effectively as one of its key focus areas.
The rules are part of the groundwork being put in place by India to deal with a new world order in which banking secrecy rules can't be used to conceal wrongdoing and also to strengthen the hands of domestic tax authorities in line with the new government's focus.
Black money has been a priority for the government from the start, with SIT being set up on its first day in office. Arun Jaitley last week urged tax officials to pursue domestic tax evaders. Prime Minister said on Sunday in a radio address that recovery of black money from abroad was an article of faith and a commitment.
New Delhi has been at the forefront of the international effort for meaningful exchange of information and is among the first few that will begin sharing bank data on an automatic basis from September 2017.
India may have skipped signing the key OECD protocol last week on this but is hopeful of doing so once it gets clarity from the apex court on confidentiality of data under such treaties and is therefore preparing the groundwork for this.
The hiccup has come as the SC last week demanded a list of names that India had obtained from governments overseas. The apex court has to decide whether such disclosures are permissible despite the secrecy clauses attached to global and bilateral treaties. The government's position is that names should only be revealed if there is enough evidence to justify prosecution. It is under deadline pressure on FATCA, which needs to be signed by December 31.
The automatic information exchange framework will strengthen the country's tax authorities in their fight against evasion as it entails flow of data on bank accounts, interest income, royalties and dividend besides account balances.
This implies that after 2018, India will be able to get data on its citizens from Mauritius and tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands and others. India and some other countries will start automatic information exchange in 2017 but all others will have to do so by 2018.
The government had in this year's budget amended Section 285 BA of the I-T Act — that deals with the filing of annual information return — to give it more teeth. Under the provision, transactions above a certain limit need to be reported by entities dealing with them. These include a Rs 10 lakh deposit or withdrawal in a savings bank account, Rs 2 lakh credit card spending in a year, Rs 2 lakh investment in a mutual fund, Rs 5 lakh in bonds and fixed deposits, Rs 1 lakh in stocks and Rs 30 lakh in real estate.
The provision empowered CBDT to frame rules and notify the entities and types of financial transactions that will need to be reported and in what format.
"With a view to facilitate effective exchange of information in respect of residents and non-residents, it is proposed to amend the said section so as to also provide for furnishing of statement by a prescribed reporting financial institution in respect of a specified financial transaction or reportable account to the prescribed income-tax authority," the memorandum to the Finance Bill said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi turns generous towards UPA on black money issueNarendra Modi turns generous towards UPA on black money issue
ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 05.08AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(Officials were quick to…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi took the issue of black money head-on during his radio address to the nation on Sunday, and interestingly, he sounded somewhat generous towards the previous UPA regime when he said that nobody knew the real figure.
"Not me, not you. Even the previous government did not have any idea about the figure," he had said.
Officials in the Modi administration were quick to point out that the present dispensation's tackling of the problem was in direct contrast to the way the last regime handled the issue. "While Modi has taken the issue by the horns, the UPA simply waffled and tried to brush it under the carpet," said an official involved in the black money investigations.
In July 2011, the Supreme Court had ordered formation of the SIT , which would be in-charge of investigating black money cases, and also the information that the Central government would obtain from foreign nations. The UPA government resisted the apex court order three times, the last being in May 2014, just before demitting office, the official pointed out.
The UPA had argued in its submission that formation of SIT, headed by retired judges, and its monitoring by SC would be a "serious impediment in the conduct of fair trial" since lower courts would not be able to independently evaluate the material. In March 2014, the Supreme Court dismissed the application of the government seeking modification and recall of its 2011 order.
The government again filed a review petition in May 2014.
Investigative agencies claim the last government never really gave them a clear signal on how to handle the sticky issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys steps up efforts to lower attritionYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys steps up efforts to lower attrition rate by next year
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 06.55AM IST
Tags:
crowdsourcing
(Keeping employees from…)
BENGALURU: Infosys expects to lower staff attrition sharply as early as June next year, thanks largely to measures taken to engage with employees by new boss Vishal Sikka .
Keeping employees from leaving is regarded as being integral to the company's plans to improve its performance, which is seen lagging behind the industry average.
"In my sense, it should come down to 13-15 per cent in the next two to three quarters," said UB Pravin Rao , chief operating officer. The 1,65,000-strong Infosys reported an attrition rate of 20.1 per cent for the second quarter ended September. If the Bangalore-based company is able to rein in the rate at which employees are leaving, it could mark a start in the company's broader ambitions to win back its IT sector bellwether tag, experts said. "The confidence comes from what we are seeing on the ground when we connect with the employees.
When Vishal connects with the employees, we get to gauge the enthusiasm on the ground," Rao told ET in an interview. Since taking over as CEO on August 1, Sikka has put in place measures such as crowdsourcing initiative murmurations and a 100 per cent variable bonus to all employees in the June-September period. The country's second largest software exporter has also done away with the long-standing practice of giving promotions just once a year to every quarter.
Since April, the company has made four rounds of promotions, with more than 4,000 employees elevated last month across sales and delivery in all markets, bringing the total number to 19,000 or about 12 per cent of the total workforce.
Some experts believe that stability in the senior ranks and confidence in Sikka's leadership should help the company attain Rao's estimate. "Attrition can come down dramatically," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
"And if you can check attrition rates, then that is surely is the first sign the company can look to get back to the growth pedestal."
Rao said a key element is to offer "a win-win for both employees and employers". He added, "As a company we need to grow. We have to make sure we provide enough growth opportunities." Boosting employee morale will be important as Infosys looks to improve performance — the company has reaffirmed its guidance of 7-9 per cent growth for this fiscal, much lower than the Nasscom estimate of 13-15 per cent growth for the IT industry.
"Checking attrition is okay. (But) will this also mean the company will get back to industry-beating growth numbers earlier than anticipated. I don't think so. That will take time," said the Mumbai-based analyst. Both management and analysts believe that it will take another two years — not until April 2016 — before Infosys is able to match its peers, including Tata Consultancy Services and Cognizant, in reporting double-digit revenue growth rates.
Unsurprisingly, all IT companies are taking various measures to retain employees as they see growth slowing. TCS , which reported a marginal uptick in the attrition rate to 12.8 per cent for the second quarter, is considering increasing salaries offered to fresh engineering graduates, which over the last few years has remained in the Rs 3.5-4.5 lakh band.
Wipro , which reported an attrition level of 17 per cent, has rolled out one of its biggest employee-retention programmes by offering executives with more than two years of experience a chance to study at some of the nation's premier engineering and management colleges.
Additionally, the company earlier this year launched a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff programme, under which it offered engineers an equal opportunity with business degree graduates to climb up the ranks.
"Today whenever you talk to employees, in the exit interview, inevitably employees talk about their glowing experience of the Mysore days. These are early days (but) one of the things we are looking at is if existing employees can go and spend one month every year in Mysore, teach something or take some classes," said Rao.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys walks out of second Bengaluru projectInfosys pulls out of software development centre near Bengaluru International airport
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 07.29AM IST
Tags:
Bengaluru
(At a time when it is next to…)
BENGALURU: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport .
At a time when it is next to impossible to get industrial plots in Bengaluru, Infosys has taken the extreme step citing lack of infrastructure at the 1,000-acre park to pursue its business plans. The company has also asked the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) to refund the deposit for land it has paid.
The Bengaluru-headquartered company with annual revenue of $8 billion from software exports employs about 1.4 lakh people in India. It had plans to build its second-largest development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park . While the main campus at Bengaluru's Electronic City has 26,000 seats, the company had decided to set up a 20,000-seat facility at the new campus, according to its original proposal to the government.
In June 2010, KIADB allotted 40 acres to Infosys at Rs 1.8 crore per acre, and the company then asked for an additional 60 acres adjacent to this plot. The company, however, decided not to pursue its request after it noticed dismal progress on the infrastructure front. It has been fighting for its twin demands of a four-lane road between the airport expressway and the IT park and drinking water facilities at the sprawling park.
Infosys executive vice-president Ramadas Kamath confirmed that the company has surrendered the land and is pursuing a refund of the advance paid for the land. "Our investment proposal was approved by the high-level committee headed by the chief minister, and we had said clearly that we could go ahead with the project only if roads and drinking water are provided.
Though the government promised to do that on a priority, there have been no signs of that happening even after a wait of four long years," he told ET.
Additional chief secretary (commerce & industry) K Ratna Prabha said she was aware of the development, and the government would not let any company exit projects, but would address their grievances.
"I have told the commissioner of industry to have a meeting with the company at the earliest, and resolve the issues. We don't intend to refund money, but instead talk with investors," said Prabha, who also chairs KIADB.
IT Minister SR Patil said the government would not let down Infosys, and do its best to meet the demands.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Infosys bonus can cut your capital gains taxHow Infosys bonus can cut your capital gains tax
Preeti Kulkarni, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Bonus
(If you buy Infosys shares…)
If the change in tax rules for debt funds has been worrying you, the 1:1 bonus announced on Infosys shares could help reduce your tax liability. You can do this through a strategy called bonus stripping. If you buy Infosys shares now and sell half of your holding after the bonus date, the notional loss you incur can be adjusted against the gains from debt funds. "Selling the (original) shares soon after they become exbonus results in a short-term capital loss, which can be set off against any other taxable shortterm or long-term capital gains," says Vaibhav Sankla , director with tax consulting firm, H&R Block.
Savvy investors use the bonus stripping strategy to reduce their capital gains tax. Short-term gains from stocks, equity funds, debt funds, gold and property can be set off against the notional loss from the ex-bonus sale of shares.
Here's how bonus stripping works. Suppose you buy 100 shares of Infosys at the current market price of Rs 4,000 each. After the bonus date, the price of the scrip falls. Assuming that it falls 50% to Rs 2,000, you would have 200 shares of Infosys worth Rs 4 lakh. Now you sell the first 100 shares for Rs 2,000 each, incurring a notional loss of Rs 2 lakh from the sale. This is because under tax laws, the purchase price of the original 100 shares will be Rs 4,000 each. The acquisition price of the 100 bonus shares will be zero.
The loss from the sale can be adjusted against taxable short-term and long-term capital gains from other investments , including debt funds, gold and real estate. You can also adjust short-term gains from stocks and equity funds against this loss. If the loss cannot be fully adjusted, it can be carried forward for up to eight financial years. However, the interest earned on fixed deposits and bonds is not eligible for such adjustments.
This could be a useful strategy for investors worried about the high tax they have to pay this year on their debt fund investments. The Budget upset their calculations by changing the tax rules for non-equity mutual funds. It extended the holding period for long-term capital gains from one year to three years. If an investor sells before three years, the gains are added to his income and taxed at the normal rate.
However, the bonus stripping strategy is a double-edged sword. The investor will have to hold the bonus shares for at least one year or pay tax. "Since the acquisition price of the bonus shares is considered zero, selling them before one year will attract 15% short-term capital gains tax ," cautions Sudhir Kaushik, CFO and co-founder of Taxspanner.com. If you sell bonus shares before a year, the tax will be Rs 30,600, which will pare some of the gains from the bonus stripping. Also, keep in mind that this strategy will not work if you have had Infosys shares in your portfolio for more than a year. Tax laws follow the principle of first-in, first-out.
So, when you sell the shares after the bonus date, it will be deemed that you have sold the shares you already had in your portfolio. If those shares were bought more than a year ago, it would be treated as a long-term capital loss. Given that long-term capital gains from stocks and equity funds are taxfree, there is also no provision to adjust long-term capital losses from these instruments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese water and land incursions foiled in LadakhYou are here: Home > Collections > Ladakh
Chinese water and land incursions foiled in Ladakh
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 05.39AM IST
Tags:
China
(Indian troops intercepted…)
NEW DELHI: Just a month after transgressions into the Chumar area of Ladakh , People's Liberation Army (PLA) late last month sent boats into the Indian territory across the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the Pangong Lake, also in Ladakh.
While some reports claim that the PLA troopers have withdrawn, other reports as of last Friday point out that PLA boats are still present. There are also reports that Chinese troopers had entered the road built alongside the Pangong lake, which is 168 km from Leh, sources said.
Indian troops intercepted their Chinese counterparts at LAC in the lake. The ITBP troopers also stopped PLA troopers on the road, sources said, adding both sides use state-of-the art boats to man Pangong lake.
The Chinese come frequently from the northern and southern banks of this lake, whose 45 km stretch is on the Indian side while another 90 km is on the Chinese side.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We have right to develop areas along China border: Kiren RijijuArunachal Pradesh
(Rijiju said he was referring…)
NEW DELHI: Brushing aside China's reservations to its plans to develop infrastructure along the border, government today said it has every right to undertake such projects in Indian territory and no one can stop it.
"We will do certain infrastructural activities which have not been done in the last 60 years. The Chinese should not have a problem with my statement.... They cannot stop me from doing my work," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
China had recently reacted sharply to a statement by Rijiju that India was planning to construct a road along the international boundary from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh to match China's road infrastructure across the McMahon Line.
"There is a dispute about the eastern part of the China- India border. Before final settlement is reached, we hope that India will not take any action that may further complicate the situation," a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman had said.
Rijiju today said he was only referring to the government's plans to improve border infrastructure within India's territory and not in Chinese territory.
"I didn't say that we are going to do anything on their territory. I am an MP from Arunachal Pradesh. I am constitutionally elected and I have the constitutional right and obligation to do whatever is right in our territory. I am looking at border management also," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

iPhone 6 vs Galaxy Note 4: Is bigger betterApple iPhone 6 versus Samsung Galaxy Note 4
3 Nov, 2014
Tweet
Ashutosh Desai, TNN
Apple and Samsung have been at it for years; pitting their flagship devices against one another. We review their freshest offerings, the iPhone 6 and the Galaxy Note 4...
The 85,000 square feet space is divided into various themes, like super models and fashion mag...
 
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
New York's biggest subway hub opened Sunday in lower Manhattan _ a vital link between the new ...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Startups woo ex-Yahoo staff; offer big salaries  perksTech startups woo laid-off Yahoo staff; offer big salaries, stocks and perks
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 12.33PM IST
(To consolidate its product…)
BENGALURU: The startup talent war is heating up after Yahoo laid off hundreds of employees in India last month.Last week, about 30 startups made a three-minute pitch to hundreds of Yahoo employees at a hotel room in Silicon City . Buoyed by fresh funding, the startups offered big salaries, stocks, perks -and even pep talk on economic patriotism -to woo employees at a closed-door event organised by software product think-tank iSpirt and venture capital firm Sequoia.
"It is like a swayamvara. I came all the way from Chennai to make a three-minute pitch only to hire talent," said Girish Mathrubootham, 39, chief executive of customer support software provider Freshdesk, which raised Rs 190 crore from Google Capital along with existing investors Tiger Global and Accel Partners in June. Chennai-based Freshdesk, which has over 30,000 clients including Toshiba, Stanford School of Medicine and Pearson, is looking to hire 90 people.It will also offer employee stock options. "I had to pitch the Chennai beach to them as our office is located there.In Bangalore, they can't have a beach side view," said Mathrubootham.
To consolidate its product engineering team at its headquarters in Sunnyvale in the United States, Yahoo started to layoff about 300 employees in India last month. "This marks a shift from multinational companies to product startups," said Sharad Sharma, cofounder of iSpirt.
"The product teams are getting smaller at multinationals. There is a rise of `two pizza teams' concept, where multinational believe that each team should be small enough to be fed by a pizza."
This shift has opened up opportunities for startups starved for talent. MNC research and development captives employ about 2,00,000 engineers, according to iSpirt. About 5% of them are in specialist roles like senior architects, product managers and user interface designers. "This is a large pool that has thus far been locked away from tech startups," said Sharma of iSpirt."Individual early-stage startups, even if they are funded, are unable to motivate these sought after specialists to move over from cushy MNC jobs."
Though a majority of Yahoo employees have been handed pink slips, many senior executives have been offered a position in Sunnyvale. But many employees rejected that offer.
"I was approached by Yahoo twice to move to US, but I don't want to go.I recently became a father and want to remain with my family," said a Yahoo employee, who did not wish to be named. He is considering various job offers and is also exploring an option to launch an ecommerce technology startup. "I am sad, I could have spent more time with the company," said another Yahoo employee who is now exploring opportunities to join an information security startup.
By encouraging the movement of specialist talent from MNC R&D captives to technology startups, iSpirt hopes to relieve pressure on tech startups in a significant way.The immediate goal is to have about 1000 specialist engineers embrace early stage tech startups in the next one or two years, said Sharma.
For instance iSpirt received 102 employer applications for the Yahoo outplacement event. Finally, 30 employers were selected. In all there are 367 requests for employer introductions from 157 employees who attended the event.
"These introductions have been made. These will lead to offers in the next four weeks. Salaries will be commensurate with Yahoo employees are getting today," said Sharma of iSpirt.
An executive at mobile commerce company Paytm said that he is will ing to offer a salary of Rs 35 lakh per annum for a Yahoo employee with an experience of six years. Paytm owned by Noida-based mobile tech firm One97 is in talks with investors to raise Rs 1,200 crore and is looking to hire 80 people.
About 75% of the talent pool at the Yahoo outplacement event comprised of developers, while rest was a mix of designers, program and product managers.
Ecommerce and consumer internet firms like AdNear, Urban Ladder and TaxiForSure, which are the new darling of global investors were also seen fluttering around to hire as many laid off Yahoo employees as possible.
"Everyone is in the war for talent.Like campus placement, I made sure I am here on day one," said Rajiv Srivatsa, 35, cofounder of online furniture retailer Urban Ladder which raised about Rs 120 crore from Steadview Capital, with participation from existing investors, including SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital in July.
Srivatsa is looking to hire around 60 people who can improve the user experience and backend processes of the firm.
"Around 35% of the time of the cofounders is spent on recruiting."
Startup talent crunch is an acute problem realized by investors as well. Sequoia has invested in people like Anirudh Mullick to provide recruiting services to its portfolio companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft Band: Wearable fitness device launchedPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Dabur reports 15.11 per cent rise in Q2 profitDabur reports 15.11% rise in Q2 profit
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 15:54 IST
Dabur India on Monday reported 15.11 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 287.48 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had net profit of Rs 249.74 crore in the July- September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
Dabur's Q2, 2014-15 net sales rose by 10.35 per cent at Rs 1,924.09 crore, compared to Rs 1,743.5 crore in the year- ago period, the company said in a BSE filing.
Dabur's consumer care business increased by 7.55 per cent to Rs 1,602.82 crore, while the foods business grew by 29.20 per cent to Rs 262.79 crore.
Retail business was up by 30.73 per cent at Rs 21.65 crore while other businesses increased by 10.36 per cent to Rs 36.83 crore.
Dabur India CEO Sunil Duggal said: "In a low growth and challenging environment where growth rates in most consumer products segments have witnessed a sharp fall, Dabur continued to report strong volume-led growth across its key categories and grow ahead of the market. Our domestic FMCG business continued to perform ahead of the industry and we have ended the quarter with an 8.7 per cent volume growth."
For the six month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 498.29 crore as against Rs 435.75 crore in the year-ago period.
Net sales of the company for the six month period ended September 30, rose to Rs 3,787.99 crore as compared to Rs 3,390.5 crore a year ago.
Dabur shares were trading 2.74 per cent up at Rs 232.10 apiece on the BSE in the afternoon.

Swift  GO fail Global NCAP safety testMaruti Swift, Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety test
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 20:43 IST
In yet another case of popular cars in India not meeting international safety norms, popular hatchbacks Maruti Suzuki Swift and Datsun GO of Nissan have failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP, showing high risk of life-threatening injuries.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki 's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
"These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact," Global NCAP said in a statement.
When contacted, Nissan said its Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India while no comments could be obtained from Maruti Suzuki. Swift is one of the top-selling cars in India.
As per its test, Global NCAP said Maruti Suzuki Swift "scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just one star for child occupant protection".
"The Swift's vehicle structure showed signs of collapsing in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car's lack of standard-fit airbags meant that the driver's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel-the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life threatening injuries," it said, adding the test was conducted at a speed of 64 km/hr.
The Datsun GO from Nissan also scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just two stars for child occupant protection.
"The Datsun GO's vehicle structure collapsed in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car's lack of airbags meant that the driver's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel and dashboard-the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life-threatening injuries," it said.
The failure of the body shell makes it redundant to fit an airbag, it said.
However, unlike the GO, in Swift fitting with airbags would improve occupant protection, Global NCAP said.
Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said: "India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they would be in case of a crash."
He said India is launching an NCAP consumer testing programme, which would be a step forward for safety but regulations based on the UN's minimum crash test standards are also needed.
"If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags," Mosley said.
Reacting to the crash results, Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said: "Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India...Safety is important and is a key issue in India. Automotive regulation standards in fast-growing countries are constantly evolving and as a global manufacturer, we are willing to adopt as well as help evolve standards in vehicular safety standards."
Sicard said the Datsun GO was developed with a "strong intention to deliver the best adapted solutions to the local conditions, from best in class braking and good visibility to durability, seat comfort and reduced motion sickness-all being taken as a package aim to decrease potential risk of road accidents".
Earlier this year, some of the most popular small cars sold in India, including Maruti Alto 800, Tata Nano, Ford Figo, Hyundai i10 and Volkswagen Polo, had failed Global NCAP crash tests showing high risk of life-threatening injuries in road accidents.
As per the tests done by Global NCAP, these cars received zero star for adult protection ratings in a frontal impact at 64km/hr.
The combined sales of these five cars account for around 20 per cent of all the new cars sold in India last year, Global NCAP said.
As per Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, total car sales in India stood at 18,07,011 units in 2013.

Lost sons: Fast forward against collateral killingsComments
Sinam Chandrajini had five sons until 3:15pm on November 2, 2000. A minute later, she had lost two of them barely 300 metres from her home in Malom village — but it took 12 hours for her to learn of their death.
Policeman, left and a supporter stand behind Irom Sharmila, who has been on a hunger strike for 12 years to protest AFSPA in Manipur, speaks during a press conference, in New Delhi. AP Photo
“My sixth sense said something bad happened when I heard gunshots,” says 61-year-old Chandrajini. She remembers running to the road immediately but soldiers stopped her from going near the bodies of 10 people shot dead by an Assam Rifles patrol team at a bus stop following an explosion.
She returned home, hoping her sons were safe. It wasn’t until the following morning that the village headman broke the news to her: Her boys — 17-year-old Sinam Chandramani and 27-year-old Sinam Robinson — were among those killed. Chandramani was waiting to take a bus to Imphal for his physics tuition while Robinson had to drop their aunt to another village on his scooter. Their 62-year-old aunt was also killed.
Chandrajini recalls eyewitnesses telling her that Robinson, his aunt and the others were herded together at the bus stop where Chandramani was waiting. “No one deserved to die like that, certainly not Chandramani, who won a national bravery award in 1988,” she says.
Fourteen years on, the families of the Malom victims say they are still waiting for justice as they struggle to cope with the trauma of losing their loved ones.
For many mothers in Manipur, losing a son to a decades-old conflict in the state is not unusual: According to a report submitted in March 2012 by Manipuri rights groups, they lost 1,497 sons in encounters with security forces between 1979 and May 2012, of which 98 were minors.
While some of those killed were rebels, many were just collateral damage in the conflict, say counter-insurgency officers. Most massacres of unarmed civilians in Manipur followed a lethal strike by rebels on armed forces personnel, but the trigger at Malom was an explosion that caused no harm.
Sharmila, known as the Iron Lady of Manipur, began her indefinite fast after the Malom massacre. She was arrested a few days later and was then sent to a prison hospital, where she has been force fed via a nasal drip several times a day.
Rights activists allege security forces misuse the Forces Special Powers Act of 1958 which gives them wide powers to search and detain anyone suspected to be involved in the armed revolt in Manipur. The act, which covers large parts of the northeast and Kashmir, also gives security forces powers to enter property and shoot-on-sight.
The military says the law is necessary for it to tackle insurgency and that it investigates allegations of abuse against soldiers.
Some of the families also complain about the slow pace of getting justice from the government. Officials in Manipur say the law moves at “its own pace”.
Kangujam Memcha, who lost her husband in the Malom massacre, says she is still waiting for justice 14 years later.
“The soldiers had the power to kill at will and they did their job. But we have been let down by the government that has been sitting on an inquiry report for ensuring justice to the victims,” she says.
But villagers in Malom have not given up their battle to ensure punishment for what they call “killers in uniform” and compensation beyond the “ridiculous value the government puts on a human life”.
“Our battle has been like a life sentence,” says Tokpam Somorendra Singh, 70, convener of the Ten Innocent Victims’ Memorial Trust Committee. His 19-year-old son Shantikumar was among the 10 victims.
Singh fears the fight might lose momentum just as a white stone memorial at the bus stop has gathered moss. “Manipur’s future cannot make the past redundant, certainly not Malom that made Sharmila start her marathon fast. This is as much our fight as of the world beyond where people are denied their right of living a decent life.”
(This is the first in a four-part series on 'This is why Irom Sharmilla Fasts'.)
 

Honeymoons over: Modi  RSS no longer on same pageComments
The BJP-RSS “all is well” relationship may after all be a façade amid growing murmurs of discontent. For one, RSS does not approve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “autocratic” style of functioning, besides other issues on which it differs with the BJP. Yet, given the popular support that Modi enjoys, the Hindutva fountainhead has decided to “wait and watch”.
The RSS dropped enough hints in this regard when it replaced joint general secretary Suresh Soni as the pointsman between RSS and BJP with veteran Sangh leader, Krishna Gopal. It had expressed dissatisfaction with the working of Soni — considered as one of Modi’s close associates. Soni was instrumental in Modi’s selection as the BJP’s campaign chief and subsequently, the prime ministerial candidate before the 2014 general elections.
The Hindu outfit is also unhappy with the elevation of Amit Shah as it believes both the BJP president and the Prime Minister should not be from one state.
According to RSS insiders, the bone of contention has been the way Nitin Gadkari — its blue-eyed boy — has been kept out of key decision-making issues. Besides, the outfit also expressed its displeasure over senior RSS leader and former BJP organising secretary Sanjay Joshi being ignored for any role either in the party or in the government.
Read: RSS-BJP working relationship thrives
The RSS has said that its chief Mohan Bhagwat expressed his displeasure over functioning of the Modi government in a closed door meeting in Agra a few days ago.
“All these issues would be discussed in the proposed pratinidhi sabha to be held in March 2015,” a senior RSS pracharak on condition of anonymity said.
Senior RSS leaders were apparently also not happy with the government’s ‘weak’ defence of Bhagwat’s statement about all Indians being originally Hindus and that they should be called so.
In the Agra meeting, Bhagwat had said that the leader of the party in power (Modi) should have propagated this statement more effectively.
PM Modi, in return, tried to pacify Bhagwat by sending Shah to Nagpur a couple of months back and also to Lucknow last month. But so far BJP’s efforts to pacify the RSS have remained futile.

Saudi hikes oil prices to Asia  EuropePlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Thapar Group mulls selling Avantha Power assetsThapar Group mulls selling Avantha Power assets to reduce debts
Baiju Kalesh, Sabarinath M & Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Chemicals
(People with knowledge of…)
MUMBAI|NEW DELHI: A joint venture between Tata Power, India's second-biggest private power producer, and ICICI Venture has begun talks to buy out some power assets of Avantha Power as the cashstrapped Thapar Group considers asset sale to reduce its debt.
Two people with direct knowledge of the matter said officials from both sides have met to discuss the issue and that the deal is likely to involve the sale of operational power plants.
"We had several meetings with the Thapar Group officials for the purchase of the power assets," one of the two persons quoted above said. "It's a good asset. But we are yet to sign any term sheet to start due diligence as talks are in early stages," the person added.
Billionaire Gautam Thapar, who has interest in electrical goods, engineering and paper, owns 75% stake in Avantha Power through a privately held family firm Avantha Holding Ltd (AHL). AHL owns 42.4% in listed power equipment company Crompton Greaves and close to 75% in Avantha Power, held directly and through Crompton Greaves.
The buyer will have to pay anywhere between Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 7,000 crore to acquire the company with an operational capacity of 1260 mw. Avantha Power has another 1320 mw under various stages of construction.
The group has been trying to reduce its debt by selling some assets. Earlier, it hived off the consumer goods business of Crompton Greaves and sold its chemical business to Aditya Birla Chemicals for Rs 133 crore.
A Tata Power spokesperson said the company does not have any new information to share. "The company has been on record to say that it continuously looks at various opportunities to maximise shareholder value," Shalini Singh, head of corporate communication at Tata Power, said in an email.
"Avantha group does not comment on market rumours and speculations," Shravani Dang, vice president & head of corporate communications, Avantha Group, said in an email.
Tata Power, which has been seeking to expand capacity through acquisition, has been in talks to team up with ICICI Venture to take over troubled power plants that have been short circuited by regulatory uncertainties, fuel supply disruptions, low demand and high debt, ET had reported on October 10. The plan is to have ICICI Venture responsible for organising both debt and equity funding for these acquisitions while Tata Power will handle the operation and maintenance of these plants.
Tata Power, which is present in generation, transmission as well as distribution, will use its expertise to resuscitate troubled power assets Analysts tracking the power sector say the Tata group company has enough financial resources to buy Avantha Power and can reduce risks. "Though Tata Power's debt-equity ratio is above 2, it still has the ability to acquire a good asset as the Tatas have the wherewithal to raise funds," says Sanjeev Zarbade, research analyst at Kotak Securities , a local brokerage.
"Acquiring a ready-made plant will help company minimise risks. With the power sector poised for a rapid growth, capacity additions will be a good long-term strategy," he added.
The latest development comes after Avantha Power dropped plans to launch an initial public offer to raise funds. The company was originally planning to raise Rs 1000-1500 crore through a public offer, but slowdown and market volatility pushed them to scrap the plan.
Big power companies are rushing to snap up assets after a slowdown in infrastructure, heavy debt and regulatory uncertainty resulted in a pile-up of incomplete power plants with inadequate fuel linkages. Banks have refused to lend more money and investors are wary of pumping in more money. Hence, the companies failed to take advantage of a recent bull run in equity markets.
On September 25, JSW Energy, owned by billionaire Sajjan Jindal , agreed to purchase three hydropower units of debt-ridden Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) at an estimated enterprise value of Rs 12,000 crore. The Jaiprakash group owes Rs 65,000 crore to lenders.
In August, Adani Power, controlled by billionaire entrepreneur Gautam Adani , acquired Lanco Infratech's 1,200 MW Udupi power plant in Karnataka for Rs 6,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rate-sensitive sectors like capital goods  banking to outperform on rate cutAnand Rathi Securities
(BSE’s Capital Goods Index…)
MUMBAI: Expectations that an interest rate cut may come as early as December along with signs of an improvement in the economy are powering stocks from rate-sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banking and electricity.
BSE's Capital Goods Index has rallied 12.5 per cent over the past month, while the BSE Bankex has surged 11.21 per cent and BSE Power Index 10.2 per cent, easily outpacing the benchmark Sensex that returned 4.8 per cent.
Investment managers say the ratesensitives are likely to continue outperforming the market, as expectations are building up for interest rates to come down, backed by strong economic reforms by the government.
Vinay Khattar, head of research, individual clients, at Edelweiss Financial Services , said he expects the trend to carry on, as yield on the benchmark 10-year bond has fallen to a 13-month low, "which indicates that the Reserve Bank of India will cut interest rates sooner than later". Interest rates and bond yields move in the same directions.
"In the capital goods space, our top pick is L&T. Within the banking sector, we are bullish on ICICI Bank and Yes Bank, and are positive on power finance companies such as PFC an-REC," Khattar said.
Yes Bank, IndusInd Bank and Bank of India have outperformed the BSE Bankex, as these stocks have gained 20-22 per cent on expectations that their nonperforming assets, too, would come down significantly in the days ahead.
Among capital goods stocks, L&T and BHEL have rallied 15 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, in the past month, as these companies have started to witness resumption of new order flows, confirming the action picking up on ground. In the power sector, Torrent Power, GMR Infra, Tata Power and JSW Energy have gained between 15 per cent and 24 per cent, on expectations that economic reforms will boost recovery of this sector. RBI's efforts to control inflation have also added to the market sentiment.
Expectations for a rate cut are supported also by the fall in global crude prices, which have become more than a quarter cheaper since June. In the derivatives segment, capital goods and banking stocks have witnessed addition of fresh long positions.
"We have seen fresh build-up of long positions in capital goods stocks such as L&T, BHEL, Havells, and Seimens and we expect these stocks to rally another 8-10 per cent in the November series," said Chandan Taparia, derivatives and technical analyst at Anand Rathi Securities . "We also expect banking stocks to outperform the markets and anticipate stocks such as HDFC Bank, Yes Bank and IndusInd Bank to rally another 8-10 per cent in the current series.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Partners were key for Amazon on big day of F...Amazon
(Amazon raised commissions…)
NEW DELHI: Early last month, when Flipkart was heavily promoting its largest single-day sale, rival Amazon India was busy courting online discount couponsellers, price-comparison websites, cash-back companies and other so-called affiliate networks to help drive traffic to its own site.
Amazon raised commissions by as much as 50 per cent to affiliates two days before Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale. It then bumped them up again on the day of the sale itself, October 6.
Online retailers lure customers by offering the cheapest price tags.
But rising competition means rivals are trying to ensure that they have an advantage on all possible battle fronts.
No wonder then that Amazon is getting aggressive on affiliate commissions as India's e-commerce business evolves rapidly, prompting homegrown sites such as Flipkart and Snapdeal to play the catch up game.
Several executives at affiliates that ET spoke to said Amazon pays the highest commissions— in the range of 5-15 per cent for every transaction routed from their sites. On October 6, the company doubled them to 10 per cent on the sale of electronics and offered up to 30 per cent on apparel and other high-margin products.
Such affiliates are typically sites that sell coupons or lure consumers with cash-back offers. They receive commission on every transaction they bring to e-commerce companies in the form of commissions. Affiliates are estimated to account for about 8 per cent of e-commerce sales in India.
"Since Amazon offered us double commission, a lot of affiliates like us on the ground were pushing Amazon more on that day (October 6)," said Swati Bhargava, cofounder of cash-back site Cashkaro.
com that also works with Flipkart and Snapdeal besides other online retailers. Higher commission helped Cashkaro to offer better cash-back deals to consumers, Bhargava said.
AMAZON EXPERIMENT
Amazon India said that it had been aggressive on this front during Diwali but that this had nothing to do with competition.
"We were testing several commissioning rates during this period and to incentivising (the affiliates) differently," said Kishore Thota, head of digital marketing at Amazon India.
The company's tests seem to have worked. An executive at an affiliate said traffic routed to Flipkart and Snapdeal jumped 200 per cent during Diwali, compared with 250 per cent to Amazon. Similarly, dealsite FreeKaaMaal.com said traffic from its website to Amazon grew fourfold during Diwali.
Mausam Bhatt, senior director of marketing at Flipkart, said he's unfazed by what rivals are doing. "We don't tend to react or change our commissions based on what the competition is doing," he said.
"We tend to have a fairly consistent commission structure that we maintain over a period of time and our relations with affiliates have been built over those lines and over a longer period of time as opposed to seasonal spikes or periodic reactions to activities."
With experts predicting a shakeout before long, e-commerce companies are seeking to ensure that they're the ones that will be left standing. To that end, large amounts of cash are being ploughed into the sector—Amazon is investing $2 billion in India while Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year and Snapdeal is getting about $850 million. Online retail market is expected to surge to $32 billion by 2020 from $2.3 billion, accounting for 3 per cent of total Indian retail, according to consultant Technopak.
 
GLOBAL PRACTICE
Affiliates said they've got a better deal thanks to the US company's practices. "Amazon brought their global practice of maintaining direct channels with affiliates with no mediator in between," said Ravi Kumar, chief executive of Free-KaaMaal, who said that local online retailers previously outsourced this relationship to third parties. "Now everyone is following this model and everyone has their in-house affiliate-managing teams—no middlemen, so the margins are coming to us."
Acknowledging the importance of working directly with affiliates, Amazon started offering average commissions of about 10 per cent when local rivals were paying less than 2 per cent, prompting Flipkart and Snapdeal to raise their payments, said Abhinav Choudhary, cofounder of online price-comparison company Smartprix.com.
However, Snapdeal already had such a programme in place, said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior vice president, marketing.
"We had our affiliate programme far before Amazon or anyone had come in. If someone is saying that Amazon came and everything changed, I don't subscribe to that," he said.
But what Amazon did was pay closer attention to the marketing channel, said Sameer Parwani, chief executive of CouponDunia-.com, in which Times Internet Ltd acquired a majority stake in May.
"I wouldn't say other e-commerce sites had totally ignored affiliate marketing or did a bad job," said Parwani. "It's just one channel that Amazon valued a lot so other companies woke up a little bit and said we have to stay competitive in whatever Amazon is doing with affiliates being one of those channels."
This has meant important changes, such as the speeding up of payments, which could remain pending for several months earlier.
Now top e-commerce companies pay in a month, said Aman Jain of GoPaisa. Amazon will continue focusing on affiliates for marketing and customer acquisition.
"It's a very healthy traffic channel for us. We will continue to invest in it," Thota said. That should bring more cheer to the affiliate industry - and ultimately consumers.
"With commissions increasing, we are offering better cash-back to end consumers," said Ravitej Yadalam, chief executive of cashback site Pennyful.com. "So the consumer is the real winner in the whole battle."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google aims for 500 mn net users in India | To push Hindi keyboards on phonesHow Google’s Amitabh Kumar Singhal plans to increase Indian Internet users to 500 million by 2017
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 10.51AM IST
Tags:
Amitabh Kumar Singhal
(Singhal’s India visit…)
NEW DELHI: Google search has answers to most of your questions. But not all. If Amitabh Kumar Singhal succeeds in making the 'Star Trek computer' he set out to build, it just might. At Google, the 46-year old India-born executive is the search czar. Google fields over 100-billion search queries every month, a service which generated most of its $55 billion (Rs 3.3 lakh crore) revenue in 2013.
In India, there is also another important target on his mind-—helping increase the number of internet users to 500 million by 2017. That is more than a twofold increase in less than three years, demonstrating the scale of Google's ambitions in the country.
"That's almost half the country. Imagine how that would change the fabric of this country," said Singhal, whose parents live in Dehradun and who calls himself a "native mountain goat from Uttaranchal."
Singhal's India visit follows that of Google product chief Sundar Pichai , who was in the country in September and launched the first phones based on the Android One platform.
Last month, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was in India and the major themes of his conversation was to rapidly expand internet access, illustrating the importance of India as a market and how vital it is for companies such as Google and Facebook to bring users online quickly and onto their services first.
With new competitors, the increasingly mobile nature of users and social networks, the way people look for information is changing rapidly. Ask Singhal about the future of search, and he says that it should be like the "perfect assistant," always present by your side.
"It's not intrusive, fades in the background and you can ask it anything you want and periodically it will tap you on the shoulder and tell you what you need to know," said Singhal, who led the team which rewrote Google's search engine way back in 2001.
Singhal grew in the seventies watching Star Trek reruns on state-run television, wanting to build Captain Kirk's computer, or the perfect assistant, which has answers to all questions. After graduating from IIT- Roorkee, he went to study in the United States.
His days now are usually packed with meetings--mostly about old projects that Google has started and about new projects that will keep Google on top of its game. Continuously improving the search experience is a priority for him.
So how long before we have the perfect assistant? "As I start thinking it is perfect, people start asking things it can't do. So my job is never done," said Singhal, who has been working on search technologies for nearly 23 years now.
India, which is home to over 1.2 billion people, is becoming increasingly important in Google's scheme of things. To make his point, he whips out his new Nexus phone and asks in Hindi to show him to "Nai Dilli Railway Station." Google Maps pops up with his destination charted out in Hindi.
"In the mobile world, we have to understand natural languages," said Singhal, who visits his parents in Dehradun twice every year. The company launched Hindi voice search on Monday at an event in Delhi.
Google also launched the Indian Language Internet Alliance to promote Indic content on the web at the event. "The Star Trek computer which was only available to a few Starship users is now going to be available to everyone in the world," said Singhal, who is here to participate in the 25th alumni gathering of the class of 1989 at IIT- Roorkee.
In September, Google launched its ambitious Android One initiative for affordable smartphones. At the time, Pichai had said that the company has plans to take up more India-specific initiatives.
Bringing search to local languages is not an easy task. "People mix languages all the time. The level of detail you need to work at is really high," he said. For instance, he pointed out, people might just say "Amitabh Bachchan ki photo," out of which photo is not a Hindi word. The Indian market also poses fundamental challenges to Internet companies like Google.
The first challenge is to bring local content online and the second is to increase access to the internet. "Even though we can bring devices with our partners, the connectivity has to be affordable, non-stop, and high bandwidth," said Singhal.
As the search giant grows, it is also increasingly being scrutinised by various governments on issues of privacy and its alleged abuse of its dominant market position. "Genuinely we are a responsible company but with our size and impact on this world, we get scrutinised and it is only natural," said Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE  NSE  forex  money mkts closed on MuharramBSE, NSE, forex and money markets closed for Muharram
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(BSE, NSE, forex, money markets,…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ), the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of " Muharram ".
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi L-G Jung recommends dissolution of assembly  fresh elections likely in Jan-FebUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

Nuclear security: India calls for international actionComments
Recognising the threat of nuclear terrorism, India has called for effective international cooperation and responsible action by governments to strengthen nuclear security and prevent non-state actors from acquiring vulnerable atomic material.
"There is widespread recognition that the threat of nuclear terrorism is one of the pressing challenges facing the international community. Responsible national action and effective international cooperation are therefore required for strengthening nuclear security to prevent vulnerable nuclear material falling into hands of non-state actors," First Secretary in the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations Abhishek Singh said.
Singh, in a statement on the annual report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) at the UN General Assembly, said India has consistently supported IAEA's important role in facilitating national efforts to strengthen nuclear security and in fostering effective international cooperation.
He said as part of implementation of the arrangement with the IAEA concerning India's voluntary contribution to the Nuclear Security Fund, the services of Indian cost-free expert in information security are being provided to the Division of Nuclear Security of the IAEA.
Singh noted that the universal adherence to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials (CPPNM) and early entry into force of its 2005 Amendment would go a long way in strengthening global efforts in the area of nuclear security.
The amended Convention would make it legally binding for states parties to protect nuclear facilities and material in peaceful domestic use, storage as well as transport.
Singh said India is party to the CPPNM and is amongst the countries which have ratified the 2005 amendment to the Convention.
Singh emphasised that India's commitment to harnessing the benefits of nuclear energy for electricity production while according the highest priority to nuclear safety and security.
"India will need to rapidly raise the energy production to meet its growing energy requirements to achieve its developmental goals. Nuclear energy is an essential component of our energy basket," he said.

Stock markets closed today on account of  MuharramStock markets closed today on account of Muharram
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 11:54 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets will remain closed on Monday on account of 'Muharram'.
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains will remain open as usual.
On Monday, the BSE Sensex closed at 27,860.38 while NSE Nifty ended at 8,324.15.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review: The digital notebook if yourpocketSamsung Galaxy Note 4 has a price tag of Rs 58,300.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 10:46 am
Since its launch in 2011, the Samsung Galaxy Note series has stood apart as the most powerful and productive of Android smartphones. With millions of units sold across the world over three versions since, Samsung must have had its job cut out trying to think of new features to add to this phablet. So can the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 offer a good upgrade for Note loyalists while trying to pull in some new users?
Specs: 5.7-inch quadHD SUper Amoled display (1440x2560p, ~515 ppi) | Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core 2.7 GHz processor | 3GB RAM | 32GB internal + up to 128GB external | 16MP rear + 3.7MP front | Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery | S-Pen | 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4
Rs 58,300
Design: Samsung has not budged from its design philosophy for the Note 4. It looks and feels like the rest of the Note series, though there is a metal band the runs around the bezels. The Note 4 is a bit bigger and slightly thicker than the Note 3 and hence adds a few more grams to the overall weight. The Note 4 is a big phone is large and needs to be gripped well and handled with care, especially when you are trying to pull out the stylus from its home under the screen.
Display: This is where the Note 4 pushes away from the competition. Yes, there are a handful of other phones with QuadHD screens, but then this one is from Samsung. Just keep the screen near any other top end phone and you will realise the difference. It is clearer and brighter than anything on FullHD. Plus, the display comes with auto brightness control and you will not need to change brightness if you are moving out from a dark room. Switch this off and you can make the screen super bright if needed.
Performance: With so much real estate, it would be a shame if you could not do more. So with the Note 4 you can take multi-tasking to a new level by using multi-windows. Yes, there are other phones with multi-window too, but I haven’t seen many that let you drag and reduce a window to a corner so that you can take notes from it. But this feature does not work with some apps and I had trouble at times dragging the window down. But overall, the Note 4 is the best multi-tasker around and it won’t take you long to realise that. And while it is doing a lot of this backbreaking work it does not so much as let out a whimper. But that is why I was surprised that the phone heats up when you are browsing or streaming video from YouTube.
Special mention: In the second swipe of the phone’s home screen are tools that need continued…

Lithium-ion cells to cut cost for telecom tower cosACME Cleantech
(Lithium-ion batteries…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom tower companies are increasingly installing lithium-ion batteries for uninterrupted power supplies to their towers, with Reliance Jio Infocomm a key adopter of this longer-lasting and cost-effective power storage technology that is also friendlier to the environment compared with other traditional options.
Lithium-ion, or li-ion, batteries have more than double the life of traditional lead-acid batteries and help cut about Rs 5-6 from the Rs 22 it costs otherwise to store each unit of electricity, say industry experts. Energy costs account for a third of network operating expenses for tower companies, and reducing it would help them improve profitability.
Batteries are used to store and supply electricity to telecom towers when grid power fails. When battery life is longer, the need for towers to depend on costly diesel-fuelled generators (DG) becomes lesser.
"Li-ion batteries have definite technical advantages in terms of power to weight to volume ratio, absence of pollutants like acid and lead, (and) longer life," said a Reliance Jio Infocomm spokesperson in response to ET's queries, confirming installation of li-ion batteries across its existing 25,000 towers, instead of the more traditional lead-acid batteries and diesel generators. "Thus, Reliance Jio towers are classified as green towers as they have lower overall energy requirement and are completely nonpolluting."
The Reliance Industries unit is expected to launch fourthgeneration communication services next year. Alternate energy solutions provider ACME Cleantech , one of the installation partners for Reliance Jio, told ET that li-ion batteries would be installed in all 70,000-100,000 towers that the operator plans to set up countrywide.
"They will have advantage of lower energy cost over energy cost of current towers. It is one of the best initiatives taken by them," said Manoj Kumar Upadhyay , founder and chairman of the ACME Group .
While Reliance Jio has taken the lead, others are also on the same path, though not at the level of deployments with some issues related to longevity need to be tested.
DS Rawat, chief executive of Bharti Infratel , the telecom tower unit of Bharti Airtel , said it is testing li-ion batteries as the technology looked more promising than existing storage solutions, especially in areas where grid power fluctuates.
"We are piloting li-ion and we have 50 sites already where we have deployed li-ion batteries for power storage in Infratel standalone. Similarly, Indus Towers is also trialling in their respective circles," he said.
"It has fast-charging capability which we believe will be a big plus but the entire business case also rests on how long these batteries last." Bharti Infratel, which has operations in 11 telecom circles through more than 36,000 towers, has a 42 per cent stake in Indus Towers, the world's largest tower provider with over 114,000 facilities across 15 circles in India.
Between them, the two cover the entire country with operational overlaps in four circles. Umang Das, director general of the Tower and Infrastructure Providers Association , said about 100,000 Li-ion battery modules had been deployed across operators and tower companies. "As an industry we're trying to reduce burn time on DG sets," said Rajan Mathews , director-general of the Cellular Operators Association of India , which represents carriers such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India which use GSM-based technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi tries to quell concerns on black money via radioYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
PM Narendra Modi tries to quell concerns on black money via radio
Nistula Hebbar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.58AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(“On the matter of the return…)
NEW DELHI: After a week which saw the Supreme Court upbraid the government on the black money issue, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to a public broadcast to quell any concerns on that front.
"On the matter of the return of black money, please trust this pradhan sewak of yours, the return of this money is an article of faith with me," PM Modi said during the second of his radio chats called 'Mann Ki Baat'.
The PM said neither he, nor anyone in the previous or current government, had a realistic figure of the money siphoned from India and stored in various offshore accounts.
But Modi said he was assured that the government was "on the right track" in bringing it back. This reiteration of the BJP's election-time commitment on return of black money is being interpreted as the PM's attempt at damage control.
Senior BJP leaders scoffed at this interpretation of the speech. The PM's words were only to demonstrate that "nobody needs to have an iota of doubt" over the government's commitment to bring back black money, said BJP V-P Vinay Sahasrabuddhe. Party insiders said Modi had already demonstrated that he had little faith in the previous government's words on the issue. "It was significant that he said that nobody had any estimates yet of black money," said a senior BJP office-bearer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nagpur welcomes Devendra Fadnavis  first CM from the citypicture  others
Nagpur welcomes Fadnavis, first CM from the city
Devendra Fadnavis  was accorded a grand welcome by people of Nagpur on his first visit to his hometown after becoming the Chief Minister of Maharashtra.  (Source: PTI)
44-year-old Fadnavis is the first Chief Minister to hail from the state's second capital. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly from Nagpur south-west constituency in last month's elections, and sworn in as the Chief Minister on Friday.
On his arrival at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport today, Mayor Pravin Datke officially welcomed him in the presence of thousands of BJP workers.  (Source: Express Photo)
Chief Minister rode in an open-top vehicle, decked up like a chariot, alongwith his wife Amruta and local BJP leaders followed by a procession of party workers on motorcycles. (Source: Express Photo)
The whole city wore a festive look, with hoardings, banners, arches and rangoli creations welcoming the Chief Minister as he proceeded to his residence in Dharampeth area.  (Source: PTI)
Related

GAIL cracks 5%: CLSA downgrades stock to sellGAIL slips nearly 5% as CLSA downgrades it to 'sell' from 'outperform'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 12.18PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(The Asia focused broker…)
NEW DELHI: GAIL India Ltd plunged as much as 4.7 per cent in trade on Monday, after CLSA downgraded the stock to 'sell' from 'outperform', with revised target price of Rs 475 per share.
The Asia focused broker is of the view that the recent stock price rally completely ignores earnings risk from falling crude given its big sensitivity. Gail is trading at over 40 per cent premium to its 10 years average PE.
"We find these valuations unsustainable since turnaround in core business is unlikely in next two years and RoEs will remain under pressure. Downgrade to SELL from OPF," added the CLSA report.
Despite this big decline in RoEs, Gail is trading above its historical average PB valuations. Gail is also trading 40 per cent above its 10 year average PE.
CLSA is of the view that with recovery in core gas transmission business unlikely in next two years and EPS risk from low crude price, we find these valuations unsustainable. We have downgraded the stock to SELL with a revised target price of Rs475/share.
Return ratios to remain near all-time lows. The brokerage firm has also lowered FY15/16 EPS by 17/4 per cent. This will imply all-time low RoEs of 13.5-15 per cent through FY15-17 versus last 10 year range of 17-24 per cent.
Continued weakness in crude may put further pressure on these estimates as our FY16/17 crude price estimate of US$100/bbl is 20 per cent higher than spot prices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft offers tech for last-mile net connectivityMicrosoft eyes important role in Digital India mission, aims to widen Internet reach in rural areas
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 03.13AM IST
Tags:
Digital India
(The US software giant has…)
NEW DELHI: After Facebook, Microsoft now wants to play a big role in taking the 'last mile' of broadband connections to remote and inaccessible parts of India and providing access to high-speed Internet .
The US software giant, headed by Hyderabad-born Satya Nadella , has proposed to the telecom department the deployment of its TV White-Space technology for a pilot project in Bangalore.
The radio interface developed by Microsoft functions like Wi-Fi on a bigger scale. It provides wireless connectivity across a 10 km radius, a much larger area than the typical routers set up for commercial use today, and speeds of up to 16 Mbps, eight times faster than what is generally available in most parts of India.
Experts say this technology has been successfully implemented in the US and in Singapore and is being tested in Kenya, Tanzania, South Africa and the Philippines, among others.
Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft has discussed the matter with the Wireless Planning & Coordination wing of the telecom department to which it submitted the proposal four weeks ago. The idea is to provide cost-effective connectivity, the company's India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik told ET.
The TV WhiteSpace technology works on chunks of unused spectrum available in broadcasting bands in the lower frequencies from 200 MHz to 700 MHz. Microsoft is running pilots in Africa and a handful of developed markets using the 'gap' between airwaves used by multiple broadcasters.
As part of Microsoft's efforts to provide digital infrastructure in India, CEO Nadella, during his visit to India last month, announced that the company would also set up three data centres in the country by December 2015. These data centres will enable access to customers in banking and financial services as well as the central and state governments.
Many such services are currently legally restrained as they require data to be hosted within the country.
The company hopes to partner the government in new initiatives such as Smart Cities and the Jan Dhan Yojana, apart from Digital India, which offer significant opportunity for hosting data and cloud services.
The company's proposal comes in the light of Nadella's comments that the major was keen to partner with the Indian government and industry at large to help make the ambitious Digital India vision a reality. The Centre's Rs 1.13 lakh-crore Digital India initiative envisages delivering e-services such as health and education to every nook and corner of the country over broadband.
The US giant becomes the latest global player that wants to collaborate with the government in itsRs 20,100-crore national broadband project aimed at connecting 2.5 lakh village panchayats through highspeed broadband by 2017. This broadband project — the National Optic Fibre Network — is positioned to form the backbone of the Digital India programme.
Reaching homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions may require wireless technology, especially in hard-to-reach areas. This is where the technology giants such as Facebook and Microsoft sniff an opportunity to deploy their respective technologies."I believe TV White-Space can be the affordable answer to last-mile connectivity challenges in India, especially for remote areas that lack electricity and other infrastructure," Pramanik said. It costs less than Rs 10 lakh to install a WhiteSpace technology router.
For India, Microsoft would make use of as much as 19 per cent of spectrum unused by Doordarshan , the national TV broadcaster, in the sub giga-Hertz band. The technology globally uses gaps between airwaves that are untouched by broadcasters to avoid interference or disturbance between transmissions, according to an expert, who asked not to be identified.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who visited India soon after Nadella, reportedly had expressed the company's desire to deploy alternative technology to provide last-mile connectivity to the national broadband project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian-built Scorpene to carry critical DRDO systemA Scorpene submarine. File photo
TOPICS
defence
India’s defence establishment will be fully responsible for a DRDO-developed critical propulsion system that will go into the last two of the six Scorpene submarines being built under technology transfer at Mazagon Dock, Mumbai, say the original makers of the submarine.
The system, called air-independent propulsion (AIP), enhances the underwater endurance of conventional (diesel-electric) submarines. Without it, they are forced to surface to periscope depth to recharge their batteries — a position where they are most susceptible to detection — at more frequent intervals.
The French defence shipbuilding major DCNS has put its own second-generation hydrogen fuel cell AIP system on the block. It maintains that the DRDO will be “fully responsible for the process” of the AIP it is developing for fitment on the submarines.
Refusing to entertain queries on the performance parameters and safety of the DRDO’s phosphoric acid fuel cell AIP, which sources told The Hindu would be ready for trials next February, Philippe Berger, former submariner and submarines operational marketing manager of DCNS, said while the company’s first-generation Mesma AIP, powering Pakistan’s Agosta 90B submarines, offered a dived endurance of two weeks, its advanced fuel cell AIP enhanced it to three weeks. “Without AIP, Scorpenes can stay underwater for four days,” he said. “Our scheme is limited to integrating safely the DRDO-developed AIP plug to the submarine. We are working on designing the hull section in detail for this,” Mr. Berger told Indian journalists at the DCNS facility, which houses the “fully tested operational-scale fuel cell AIP.”
(The correspondent visited France with other Indian journalists at the invite of DCNS)

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review: The digital notebook if your pocketSamsung Galaxy Note 4 has a price tag of Rs 58,300.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 10:46 am
Since its launch in 2011, the Samsung Galaxy Note series has stood apart as the most powerful and productive of Android smartphones. With millions of units sold across the world over three versions since, Samsung must have had its job cut out trying to think of new features to add to this phablet. So can the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 offer a good upgrade for Note loyalists while trying to pull in some new users?
Specs: 5.7-inch quadHD SUper Amoled display (1440x2560p, ~515 ppi) | Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core 2.7 GHz processor | 3GB RAM | 32GB internal + up to 128GB external | 16MP rear + 3.7MP front | Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery | S-Pen | 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4
Rs 58,300
Design: Samsung has not budged from its design philosophy for the Note 4. It looks and feels like the rest of the Note series, though there is a metal band the runs around the bezels. The Note 4 is a bit bigger and slightly thicker than the Note 3 and hence adds a few more grams to the overall weight. The Note 4 is a big phone is large and needs to be gripped well and handled with care, especially when you are trying to pull out the stylus from its home under the screen.
Display: This is where the Note 4 pushes away from the competition. Yes, there are a handful of other phones with QuadHD screens, but then this one is from Samsung. Just keep the screen near any other top end phone and you will realise the difference. It is clearer and brighter than anything on FullHD. Plus, the display comes with auto brightness control and you will not need to change brightness if you are moving out from a dark room. Switch this off and you can make the screen super bright if needed.
Performance: With so much real estate, it would be a shame if you could not do more. So with the Note 4 you can take multi-tasking to a new level by using multi-windows. Yes, there are other phones with multi-window too, but I haven’t seen many that let you drag and reduce a window to a corner so that you can take notes from it. But this feature does not work with some apps and I had trouble at times dragging the window down. But overall, the Note 4 is the best multi-tasker around and it won’t take you long to realise that. And while it is doing a lot of this backbreaking work it does not so much as let out a whimper. But that is why I was surprised that the phone heats up when you are browsing or streaming video from YouTube.
Special mention: In the second swipe of the phone’s home screen are tools that need continued…

Tips to instill financial freedom in your kidsStory
No Child's Play
Children above the age of 10 can now manage their own accounts. Here's how you can inculcate financial freedom in your kids.
Teena Jain Kaushal        Edition: November 2014
Tips to instill financial freedom in your kids
For most of the people who were born before the 90s, opening a bank account was the gateway to financial indoctrination. Remember how you would scribble everywhere to make your signature look cool, only to be warned that it must be the same at all times? Most of us would probably still remember our first bank branch. But the good news is that the children of today may not have to wait as long as we had to, for opening a bank account. Following the recent guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in May, several banks have launched savings accounts for kids above the age of 10. These accounts can be operated independently by kids without any supervision from parents. All you need is to send him or her to the nearest branch to set them off on the path of banking.
The RBI guideline comes in at a time new generation kids need financial education more than ever. They need to be taught how to manage money as sooner or later they will be exposed to the use of credit and debit cards. The early they learn how to handle these, the better it will be for parents. Realising the need, the RBI has come out with guidelines on minors' account. It could be a first step to teach your kids the value of money. It will also help you save for the future while teaching them the basics of managing money.
What's on offer?
The concept of opening a kid's bank account is not new. But until now, accounts opened in the name of the kids were under the guidance of the guardian. New minor-operated accounts can be managed independently without supervision of parents. They are authorised to sign cheques and even transfer funds online. A child can visit the nearest branch with requisite documents and can open their account within a couple of days. While all banks provide the basic kit-a debit card, cheque book, and mobile alerts- the other facilities may vary from bank to bank. The minimum documents required for the know-your customer (KYC) process also varies from bank to bank. These accounts, generally, come in two variants. You can choose the account depending on the extent of control you want to give your child in terms of spending. For example, ICICI Bank's 'Smart Star Savings Account' with guardian consent has a debit transaction limit of Rs 2 lakh per annum while one without guardian consent has a debit transaction limit of Rs 50,000 per annum. If the debit transaction limit is breached during the year, the account gets frozen. You can choose the account depending on how much transaction limit you want your child exposed to.
The minimum balance requirement also varies from bank to bank. For instance, in ICICI Bank's Smart Star, a child needs to maintain a monthly balance of Rs 2,500 while in Federal Bank's Young Champ she has to maintain a quarterly balance of Rs 1,000 (It can be waived in Federal Bank if parents' account is opened along with the kid's account). SBI's PehliUdaan is a zero balance savings account.
Apart from helping children in understanding the concept of maintaining quarterly balance, you also need to inform them about charges imposed on non-maintenance of the balance, which in ICICI's case can be Rs 100 per month. Also, teach them how the average balance is calculated. Exposing these terms to your child would help them in life.
For ATM transactions the rules are same as for regular savings account. The first five transactions in a month are free, above which ATM of other banks charge Rs 20 per cash withdrawal. For non-financial transactions, such as balance enquiry, it is Rs 8.50 per transaction. Moreover, just like your regular savings account there might be certain limits on cash deposits and withdrawals. For example, ICICI Bank allows four free cash transactions per month in the same city, after which they charge Rs 90 for each transaction. Not only on number of transactions, there is a cap on value as well. For example, you cannot deposit more than Rs 50,000 per day from another city. Tell your kid to go through schedule of charges before opening an account. Tell them how much bank would charge if they do not maintain a minimum balance. Also, how processing charges are deducted if they transfer their funds online from one account to another.
Money gives us a sense of power but at the same time it also inculcates a sense of responsibility. Rahul Soota, executive director, mymoneymantra, a financial distribution company, says, "Kid's accounts teach children how to be careful with money. It helps parents in teaching kids about finance."
Checks and balances
Are minor-operated accounts really a right way to teach kids about finance? Yes, say experts. Manish Jain, a Gurgaon-based financial planner says, "Parents, generally, are skeptical about letting their child handle money. But it is our job to make them responsible and teach them at a young age about finance." Moreover, to keep a check on accounts banks impose withdrawal limits on debit cards. For example, while in SBI Bank and ICICI Bank a child cannot withdraw more than Rs 5,000 in a day, Federal Bank has the per day limit of up to Rs 2,500. Jain further says, "Parents can also check the passbook or an online account of their child fortnightly to understand where and how much they are spending. "
'Kid's accounts teach children to be careful with money. Parents can teach them about finance', says Rahul Soota, Executive Director, mymoneymantra
What to do?
It is good to teach children basics of finance as early as possible. Like, at the age of five to ten we can let them purchase things which they want, under our supervision. This way they will learn the role of money in life. By the time they are ten years old, try to make them understand the value of money. At this stage, opening a bank account can bring a sense of responsibility to the children.
Once your child learns basic banking introduce him to investment options. They would learn how interest is earned in a savings account. Most importantly, it would encourage children to start saving early and reap the benefits of compunding.

BSE  NSE  forex  markets closed on MuharramBSE, NSE, forex and money markets closed for Muharram
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(BSE, NSE, forex, money markets,…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ), the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of " Muharram ".
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SoftBank buys streaming video service DramaFeverSoftBank buys streaming video service DramaFever
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91f991b8-53b9-11e4-8285-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ATM use over five times will attract fee from todayNEW DELHI, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 00:24 IST
ATM use over five times will attract fee from today
PTI
banking
Using ATMs (automated teller machines) to withdraw money or for other purposes such as balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs.20 a transaction from Saturday.
According to the Reserve Bank of India’s new guidelines that come into force from Saturday, bank customers in six metros —Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore — are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs.20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.

Smart city or ghost cityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Australia s worst bowling display in their history0
Australia's bowlers, including Mitchell Johnson, have failed against Pakistan in the desert. (Getty Images)
There is no delicate way to put this. Australia's bowling in the UAE has been the team's worst ever in a series. That is not subjective hyperbole but measurable fact. And here are the numbers that confirm it.
Before this tour, Australia had played 210 Test series. Their worst collective bowling average for any one of those series came when India toured in 1985-86 and drew all three Tests. Allan Border's men claimed 26 victims at an average of 62.46 per wicket.
Pretty bad, huh? Well, get this.
In the UAE, the Australian bowlers have collectively picked up 20 wickets across the series at an average of 80.15 per wicket. Never in their 137-year Test history have Australia leaked so many runs per wicket in a series, including one-off Tests. Never have they even come close.
It is nearly twice as bad as when they were crushed 4-0 last year in India, where each breakthrough cost them 43.80 runs. It is worse than India's worst, than Pakistan's worst, than England's worst, than West Indies' worst, and much worse than South Africa's worst. They have been so toothless it is hard to imagine they ever had teeth at all.
Perhaps a caveat is required here, for the bowlers did create more than 20 chances. Australia's fielding throughout the two Tests has been poor. Half-chances have gone down and so have easy ones. On the fourth day in Abu Dhabi, Misbah-ul-Haq equalled the record for the fastest hundred in Test history, having been reprieved on 4 when Peter Siddle grassed a straightforward chance at cover.
Phillip Hughes fumbled another simple one at gully later on, to give Azhar Ali a life on 68. By then, such errors hardly mattered, other than to allow Azhar to register a century in each innings of a Test. But it was the continuation of a trend. Chances went down in Dubai, chances went down in Abu Dhabi.
Chris Rogers, Alex Doolan, Brad Haddin , David Warner , Steven Smith , Siddle, Hughes - they all missed catches, some easy, some hard. Warner also missed a stumping when filling in for Haddin behind the stumps. It would not quite be accurate to say Australia missed more chances than they took, but they weren't far off. It was quite an initiation for fielding coach Greg Blewett.
But so many runs were conceded that even five more wickets wouldn't have stopped this being Australia's worst bowling in a series. Siddle took two at 108.50. Nathan Lyon got three at 140.66. Mitchell Starc had two at 71.00. Steve O'Keefe claimed four at 54.75. Steven Smith winkled out three at 48.33. The only bowler who could boast figures considered acceptable was Mitchell Johnson , whose six wickets came at 29.50.
A sore left hip stopped him taking the field after lunch on the fourth day in Abu Dhabi. The team doctor and physio didn't seem too worried about Johnson, and you'd hardly have blamed him if he just gave up and said he wasn't going out there again. It was his birthday, after all. The series has been hard work on surfaces that offered little pace and bounce, but Johnson's speed meant he could still threaten.
Robbed of any appreciable swing or seam, Siddle's wicket column became as barren as the Arabian Desert. Starc has not played first-class cricket for 14 months, and looked like it. Mitchell Marsh went wicketless and failed to find the reverse swing that would likely have been a feature of Shane Watson 's bowling, had he been fit. Who'd have thought Australia would miss Watson's bowling this much?
Pakistan's bowlers got the ball to reverse, and their spinners were also far more effective than Australia's slow bowlers. Part of that was down to Australia's woeful batting, and it is hard to separate the two aspects of Australia's game because of that. But Pakistan's two frontline spinners, Zulfiqar Babar and Yasir Shah , together took more wickets in the series than Australia's entire attack.
Lyon, turning the ball into Pakistan's exclusively right-handed batting line-up, needed to tempt the batsmen wide of off stump more often instead of using a straighter line. In Dubai, he went for 60 runs through the off side and 163 through leg. In Abu Dhabi it was 64 through off and 138 through leg. It has been a difficult 2014 for Lyon, but there has been no tougher month than this.
Of course, the bowlers are not the only ones at fault. David Warner is the only batsman certain to finish the series with a pass mark. The Argus report after the 2010-11 Ashes nadir found, more or less, that Australia couldn't bat, bowl or field. The same could be said of their efforts in the UAE. But taking their wickets at an average of 80 is not just bad, it is history-making bad.
"I want to take 20 wickets," Michael Clarke said before this series began. He meant in a Test, not a series.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Maruti Suzuki launches new Alto K10  price starts at Rs 3.06 lakhE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold and silver extend losses  struggle near 4-yrlowsGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold and silver extended their losing streak to a fourth session on Monday to trade near their lowest in more than four years as a stronger U.S. dollar fuelled more selling and further declines were seen.
Precious metals took a beating on Friday after the Bank of Japan’s surprise decision to boost its already huge bond-buying stimulus prompted the yen to fall to a seven-year low against the dollar.
On Monday, the dollar hit a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies, further hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
“It’s pretty hard to find anything bullish on gold at the moment,” said ANZ analyst Victor Thianpiriya, adding that currency movements, weak physical demand and fund outflows were all taking a toll on prices.
“The next support for gold is around $1,155-60 but not much support below that on the charts. If we don’t bounce back soon above $1,180, we are looking at that as a big resistance level.”
Spot gold dropped as much as 1 percent to $1,161.70 an ounce, before recovering to trade at $1,171.06 by 0720 GMT, down 0.2 percent.
It fell to $1,161.25 on Friday, the lowest since July 2010, before closing down 2 percent.
Spot silver fell to $15.72 an ounce, its lowest since February 2010. Platinum was trading near its lowest in a month.          BELOW $1,000?
The $1,180 level – which gold broke through on Friday – was seen as a significant one for bullion, with chartists now eyeing prices below $1,000. The last time gold traded below that level was in October 2009.
A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
The prospect of higher interest rates in the United States has also hurt gold recently along with strong economic data. Gold is a non-interest-bearing asset and is often seen as a safe-haven asset.
Outflows from SPDR Gold Trust – the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund – accelerated in October, with holdings of the fund now at a six-year low.
Hedge funds and money managers cut their bullish long position in gold in the week up to Oct. 28, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said on Friday.
“We suspect that we will likely be heading lower from here given that a number of bearish variables seem to be converging on gold all at once,” said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
Gold failed to find support from the physical markets in top consuming region Asia.
In China, the world’s biggest buyer of gold, local prices had slipped to a discount to the global benchmark from premiums last week – an indication of weak buying interest.
Gold stocks in Australia, the world’s no. 2 producer, also took a hit following the drop in gold prices.
Australia’s largest producer, Newcrest Mining Ltd, dropped nearly 8 percent, while St Barbara Mines lost more than 4 percent and Evolution Mining was down almost 12 percent.Precious metals prices :-
0720 GMT  Metal
Spot Gold        1171.06   -2.86   -0.24
Spot Silver        15.99   -0.15   -0.93
Spot Platinum    1231.49    2.99   +0.24
Spot Palladium    793.72    5.52   +0.70
COMEX GOLD DEC4  1170.80   -0.80   -0.07
COMEX SILVER DEC4   0.16    0.00   -0.69
Euro/Dollar       1.2494

Sebi settles case against Artech PowerProductsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Capital market regulator Sebi has settled a case relating to violation of disclosure norms against Artech Power Products after the company paid about Rs 7 lakh as settlement fee.
Artech Power Products had allegedly failed to make disclosures with regard to its shareholding pattern for the 1998-2011 period, within the prescribed time limit.
Passing a consent order on October 31, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said that “this settlement order disposes of the said adjudication proceedings pending in respect of the applicant (Artech Power Products).”
Accordingly, the regulator had issued a show cause notice to the company with regard to alleged violations.
Subsequent to show cause notice, the company had proposed to settle the case against it by offering Rs 7,09,750 as settlement charges under Sebi’s consent order mechanism.
Thereafter, Sebi’s High Powered Advisory Committee (HPAC) considered and recommended that the case can be settled on payment of the proposed amount following which the company made the payment.
The HPAC recommendations were also accepted by the panel of whole time members of Sebi, following which the company has remitted the amount to the market regulator.
As per the Sebi consent order, the regulator could take enforcement actions, including reopening of the pending proceedings against Artech Power Products, if any representation made by the company are found to be untrue.
Under consent mechanism, entities can seek to settle cases with the regulator after payment of certain charges and other expenses without admission of guilt.
TAGS: Aretech Power Products Sebi Sebi-artech Power Case
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Virgin Galactic spacecraft appears to have broken apart in flight:NTSBMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The head of the federal agency examining last week’s fatal crash of a Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship during a test flight in California’s Mojave Desert said on Sunday the vehicle appears to have broken apart in flight.
“The debris field indicates an in-flight breakup,” Christopher Hart, acting chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, told Reuters during a interview.
“We’ll know that for certainty when we look at all the sources we have,” he said.
The NTSB is leading the investigation into Friday’s crash of SpaceShipTwo, which was undergoing its first powered test flight since January when it crashed, spreading debris over a 5-mile (8 km) swath of the Mojave Desert north of Los Angeles.
One pilot was killed and another was badly injured.
Preliminary data gathered in the Virgin accident indicates that a structural failure, and not an engine explosion, led to the crash, according to a report published Sunday in the Wall Street Journal.
Citing a source familiar with the nascent investigation, the report said video and early data was focusing on “aerodynamic forces” that could have led to its downing.
Virgin Galactic’s owner, British billionaire and entrepreneur Richard Branson, traveled to Mojave on Saturday to meet with his team and NTSB investigators.
He said he was determined to uncover the cause of the crash and said he believed the dream of space tourism for everyday passengers would live on.
NEW SPACESHIP
George Whitesides, Virgin Galactic’s chief executive, told the Financial Times in an interview published on Sunday that the company could have a new spacecraft ready to fly by next year.
“The second spaceship is getting close to readiness,” he said, sounding a note of optimism about the program even as the NTSB began what it is likely to be a year-long investigation into the accident.
Depending on what accident investigators find, Virgin Galactic may be required to make changes to its spaceship well before the final NTSB report is issued.
“We would report on anything that required immediate response and should not wait until the completion of our report,” NTSB chairman Hart said.
“We have done that many times,” he added.
SpaceShipTwo was in the midst of test flights and was not yet certified for commercial operations when the crash occurred, delaying indefinitely the start of passenger service.
Branson and his son plan to fly on the first commercial flight. About 800 people already have paid or put down deposits for the ride, which costs $250,000.
The craft is intended to fly people to an altitude of just over 60 miles (100 km) so they can experience a few minutes of weightlessness and see the Earth against the blackness of space.
“We really thought by March of next year, we’d be there,” the billionaire entrepreneur told the BBC after arriving in Mojave on Saturday. “Something went wrong. We need to find out what went wrong and fix it.”
U.S. investigators say the powered test flight of Virgin’s SpaceShipTwo on Friday was well recorded, giving them an abundance of information to help determine what caused the rupture.
The two pilots involved were employees of Scaled Composites, a Northrop Grumman Corp subsidiary that designed and built the six-passenger, two-pilot craft for Virgin Galactic.
Michael Alsbury, 39, was identified as the pilot who died. Co-pilot Peter Siebold, 43, who was riding in the right-hand seat, parachuted to the ground and was recovering at a nearby hospital, Scaled Composites said in a statement.
Friday’s crash was the second disaster in less than a week suffered by a private space company.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp exploded after liftoff from Wallops Island, Virginia, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
Virgin Galactic is a U.S. offshoot of the London-based Virgin Group founded by Branson, whose empire ranges from airlines to music stores and mobiles phones.
TAGS: Virgin Galactic
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Growth in European countries as elusive asquicksilverMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Data from both sides of the Atlantic will give clues in the coming week on just how bad the euro zone economy is and just how sustainable is its US counterpart.
Europe offers a rate meeting from the European Central Bank and a new slate of economic forecasts; the United States will release its influential monthly jobs data.
Purchasing manager indexes for the past month will also show how businesses see things shaping up in the United States and Europe. One for China’s has already come in lower than expected.
For many, the ECB meeting on Thursday will be the main money event — despite the fact that it is not likely to be one of action or suspense. As usual, the attention will be on ECB President Mario Draghi’s nuances at the news conference that follows the likely non-move on rates. When it comes to the ECB, the news is often all about the journey rather than the destination. This week’s inflation data let the ECB off the hook on taking any immediate additional action to combat the threat of deflation.
At 0.4 per cent in October, inflation is worryingly slight, but it is higher than it was a month earlier. ECB policymakers are also in no rush to move on to something new when they have not yet seen how their targeted loans and purchases of asset-backed securities are doing. Many in financial markets would like to see the ECB move to a full quantitative easing (QE) asset-buying program like the one the US Federal Reserve has just closed.
But as these words from ECB Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny suggest, it is not likely. “I don’t think we should be pushed by the markets to produce a new program at every meeting we have.”
The bank will also be looking at the U.S. Federal Reserve’s ending of QE and relatively hawkish tone for some spillover succour. The euro is down more than 1.5 per cent against the dollar since the Fed meeting on Wednesday, and down more than 10 per cent since May.
A weaker euro not only boosts euro zone exports, it imports inflation, both of which the ECB wants to see. The nuance being sought on Thursday, however, will be whether there is any momentum towards full QE and how German opposition could be overcome.
The ECB has been throwing money in various ways at the euro zone economy for a long time but dynamic growth has proved as elusive as quicksilver. This is expected to be underlined by the purchasing manager indexes. The euro zone’s manufacturing is sitting just a tad above stagnation. Data has been very lackluster.
“October’s … business and consumer survey suggests that the euro-zone economy got off to a weak start in Q4, after broadly stagnating in Q3,” Capital Economics said in a note.
Mid-week, the European Commission will give its latest economic forecasts and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development will issue its on the G20 economies ahead of a meeting of the group.
Outside the euro zone, the Bank of England also looks to keep interest rates on hold at record low levels on Thursday. Three of its most senior officials have expressed staunch opposition to hiking rates over the last two weeks.
TAGS: ECB Euro European Growth
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Sensex  Nifty soar to all-time highs on capital inflows  globalcuesMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Markets today hit new lifetime highs with the benchmark BSE Sensex rising to 27,969.82 and the NSE Nifty scaling another peak 8,350.60 in early trade today on sustained inflow of foreign funds.
Extending its record-run, the 30-share index spurted by another 103.99 points, or 0.37 per cent, to quote at new lifetime high of 27,969.82 in early trade today, breaching its previous intra-day high of 27,894.32 touched on Friday.
The gauge had gained 1,112.93 points in the past four sessions.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved up by 28.40 points, or 0.34 per cent, to trade at new high of 8,350.60, surpassing its previous intra-day high of 8,330.75 reached on Friday.
Brokers said continued buying by funds as well as retail investors on the back of a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently and better-than-expected corporate earnings amid a firming overseas trend after Bank of Japan said it would ramp up its own stimulus programme to kick-start growth, mainly buoyed trading sentiment.
Globally, the US Dow Jones industrial average gained 1.13 per cent to close at record high in Friday’s trade.
TAGS: Markets Today Nifty And Sensex Nifty Today Sensex Record Sensex Today Sesnex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Strong dollar squeezes commodities  BOJ puts ECB in abindMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The US dollar powered to seven-year peaks against the yen on Monday and a two-year high on the euro, a punishing trend for commodities priced in dollars, with both gold and silver falling sharply.
Disappointing surveys out of China’s manufacturing and services sectors highlighted the relative health of the U.S. economy, and piled pressure on other countries to ease monetary policy yet further.
The dollar came within a whisker of 113.00 yen in early trade, before taking a breather at 112.75. It has climbed over 3 percent since the Bank of Japan stunned markets by doubling down on its already massive stimulus program.
The bold move has raised expectations the European Central Bank will eventually have to bite the bullet on quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
“In this environment of subdued growth and long-term low-flation, we expect the ECB to announce the purchase of government bonds of euro area member states by early next year at the latest,” said Apolline Menut, an analyst at Barclays.
That outlook is one reason the euro caved to a fresh two-year trough of $1.2444, and why the dollar reached levels not seen since mid-2010 against a basket of currencies .
While Tokyo stock were enjoying a holiday after Friday’s 4.8 percent surge in the Nikkei, shares across Asia were consolidating their gains.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 percent from a five-week high. Australia’s main index inched higher aided by another bumper result from one of the nation’s big four banks.
Westpac Banking Corp &lt;WBC.AX shares rose seven percent after it reported cash profit of A$7.6 billion ($6.64 billion) – a fifth straight year of record earnings.
On Wall Street, both the Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500 index had notched record closing highs on Friday. The Dow gained 1.13 percent and the S&P 500 1.17 percent.
CHINA DATA UNDERWHELMS
Sentiment in Asia was somewhat tempered by a survey showing China’s services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
That followed an unexpected dip in China’s factory activity to a five-month low in October, underlining the uncertain outlook for world’s second biggest economy.
Still, the prospect of further policy stimulus helped support stocks and Shanghai gained 0.4 percent. The soft data knocked almost a full cent off the Australian dollar, which is often used by investors as a liquid proxy for bets on China. Yet the allure of Australia’s relatively high yields has only been burnished by the BOJ’s actions and lifted the Aussie to its highest on the yen since May last year.
Indeed, by announcing it would buy more longer-dated bonds and thus push down already threadbare yields, the BOJ is clearly trying to force Japanese investors to seek higher returns in riskier assets, both at home and abroad.
The rush out of yen was given more impetus by news that Japan’s $1.2 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will raise its holdings of foreign stocks to 25 percent, well above some analysts’ expectations.
In contrast, U.S. Treasury yields ended higher last week after the Federal Reserve wound down its bond buying campaign against a generally improving economic background. In a data-packed week, the US’s ISM index of manufacturing activity due later Monday is expected to hold at a relatively healthy 56.2 in October. The October payrolls report on Friday is forecast to show a solid increase of around 231,000.
In commodity markets, gold was pinned near its lowest since 2010 at $1,167.17 an ounce, as was silver at $15.87 . Brent oil edged up 6 cents to $85.92 a barrel, while U.S. crude lost 9 cents to $80.47.
TAGS: BOJ Euro US Dollar
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Battling a slowmarketHUL
Rating: Sell
Hindustan Unilever (HUL) reported underlying topline growth of 10.6% year-on-year, in line with our expectations. However, profit after tax rose 7% y-o-y to R939m, 2% below our and 6% below consensus estimates. Gross margin declined 148 basis points y-o-y due to input cost inflation, which was more than offset by a cut in A&P (advertising, marketing & promotion) spends.
Takeaways from the results were: (i) Staples demand revival is unlikely before the end of H2FY15; (ii) Pepsodent continued to underperform and volume growth remained weak in the S&D (soaps & detergents) portfolio; and (iii) Input cost deflation in the coming quarters is likely to be offset by higher A&P spends, thus reflecting a drag on Ebitda (earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortisation) margins in the short term.
We appreciate HUL’s long-term strengths around operating efficiencies, capital allocation and a diversified portfolio; however, its current FY16 P/E (price-to-earnings) multiple of 34.7x does not factor in the likelihood of only 12% EPS CAGR (earnings per share, compound annual growth rate) over FY14-16 (given product portfolio constraints around competitive intensity, high category penetration, and rising royalty and tax rates). We reiterate Sell with a TP (target price) of R587 (18% downside, implied FY16 P/E of 28.5x).
Click here for graph
Results overview: HUL reported Q2FY15 underlying revenue growth of 10.6% y-o-y led by volume growth of 5% y-o-y and by 5.6% y-o-y contribution from price increases and mix changes. Gross margins contracted by 148bps y-o-y to 48.2% due to input cost inflation, low base and higher excise duty impact of 30 bps. This was more than offset by a sharp cut in the A&P spends-to-sales ratio by 173 bps y-o-y. Despite a 50 bps y-o-y increase in the royalty rate, the other expenses/sales ratio contracted by 32 bps y-o-y due to operating efficiencies. Adjusting for R487m of exceptional gains related to profit on sale of surplus properties, PAT was at R9.4 bn (up 7% y-o-y), 2% below our estimates.
Click here for graph
Personal care slows down further: Key highlights of the segmental performance during the quarter were:
Price hikes drive growth in S&D: Soaps and detergents grew 11% y-o-y, with growth here being mostly led by price hikes. Lifebuoy, Lux and Dove in the soaps category and Surf and Rin in the detergents category led the growth in the S&D category. Personal care growth slowed down to only 10% y-o-y: Oral care had yet another disappointing quarter, as Pepsodent continued to underperform and lose share to possibly Colgate.
Weak growth in beverages: Growth in the beverages category yet again slipped into single digits (7.6% y-o-y), as tea continued to report slower pricing growth.
Other parts of the portfolio such as FAL (Fair and Lovely) and Ponds in skin care delivered volume-led double-digit growth. Dove and Clinic Plus helped by strong growth in sachets delivered healthy volume growth in the hair care category. Bru Coffee delivered double-digit growth. Kissan, Knorr and Kwality Walls delivered double-digit growth in the packaged foods category.
Where do we go from here?
Near-term outlook– Sluggish consumer spends amidst intense competition and downward pressure on Ebitda margins. The management commentary suggests that market growth in the near term will remain weak with low consumer spending. Consumers are downtrading in HUL’s portfolio, as they gravitate towards sachet/smaller price-point packs, especially in personal products. Although input cost inflation may come off in the next few quarters, gains here could be offset by higher A&P spends. This we believe will sustain the pressure on Ebitda margins in the near term.
Medium-to-long-term outlook– Volume growth likely to remain moderate. HUL derives 60% of its revenue from S&D and tea—fully penetrated categories with a likely volume growth of only 2-4% per annum. The company is likely to lose market share in oral care (5% of total revenues) due to Colgate’s strong competitive advantages and rising competitive intensity from new entrants such as P&G and GSK Consumer. Its skin care segment (10% of total revenues) is likely to see a drag on growth rates from high penetration in the mass market (FAL) and intense competition from players like L’Oreal in the premium market. So, we expect HUL’s volume growth to remain subdued (5-6% CAGR over FY14-17) even if the premiumisation trends and discretionary consumption sentiment returns to their past levels.
Valuations – Trading at an unjustified premium; reiterate Sell. We expect 12% revenue CAGR for HUL over FY14-16 and EPS CAGR of no more than 12% over FY14-16 (vs 20% reported over FY11-14). HUL’s wide portfolio positioning, high operational efficiencies and large scale are likely to help it sustain the leadership position in most of its key products categories over the medium to longer term.
However, current valuations of 39.0x FY15 and 34.7x FY16 EPS do not adequately factor in the weakness expected in the EPS CAGR. Prolonged demand weakness and lower than expected Ebitda margin expansion are likely to be negative catalysts in the future.
By Ambit Capital
TAGS: Hindustan Unilever HUL HUL Rating Rating HUL
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Little reprieve fromstressPunjab National Bank
Rating: Neutral (V)
Q2FY15 earnings came in at R5.8 bn, up 14% year-on-year but 43% below our estimate on higher than expected provisions and decline in margins. The y-o-y increase despite the spike in provisions was on the back of a lower base in Q2FY14.
Operating highlights: Q2FY15 NII (net interest income) was up only 3% y-o-y despite 14% y-o-y loan growth leading to NIM (net interest margin) declining 24 basis points to 3.18%. This was due to the increased share of lower yielding overseas loans (57% y-o-y) in the loan mix, and interest income reversals of R2.9 bn from higher loan restructuring and R1 bn from fresh slippages. However, the management sees it stabilising at 3.4-3.5% levels by end-FY15e.
Click here for graph
Total deposits were up 17% y-o-y although domestic deposits grew by only 4% y-o-y versus system deposit growth of 13% y-o-y. Employee expenses were up 23% y-o-y driven by higher wage hike provisions (R2.4 bn versus a run-rate of R1.8 bn), and pension expenses (R2.7 bn) related to change in actuarial assumptions. Asset quality worsened as GNPL (gross non-performing loans) ratio increased by 17 bps quarter-on-quarter to 5.7% as slippages climbed 70 bps to 4% leading to 33 bps increase in credit cost to 1.9%.
Of R16.4 bn provisioned for loan losses, R6.8 bn of specific provisions were made by the bank in excess of prudential requirements in order to maintain coverage at 59%, versus 60% in Q1. Fresh restructuring was at R33 bn and restructured book is now at 10%. Tax rate was higher at 48% mainly due to higher taxes related to depreciation write-back. Tier-1 ratio stood at 8.7%.
Outlook: While economic recovery could pick up gradually, PNB could see stress continuing for the next couple of quarters. We lower our FY16e and FY17e earnings’ estimates by 7.1% and 6.2% on lower loan growth, margins and higher tax rate. That said, we continue to believe that it’s better positioned vs most PSU peers to take advantage of a turnaround in FY16e.
Valuation: PNB is trading at 1.0x 12-month rolled forward ABV (adjusted book value). We continue to value PNB at 1.1x P/AB (price to adjusted book), resulting in a revised TP (target price) of R1,063 (R1,088) based on a single-stage Gordon growth model (Oct 2016 base from Jul 2016 base), implying a potential return of 15.6%. Maintain Neutral (V). Upside risks: Bottoming of growth and asset quality cycle; potential resolution of power sector issues. Downside risks: Continuing asset quality and margin stress.
 
TAGS: PNB Rating Punjab National Bank Punjab National Bank Rating
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Multiple catalysts atworkSesa Sterlite
Rating: Buy
SSLT’s Q2FY15 Ebitda at R62.3 bn was broadly in line with our estimates (R65.0 bn). PAT (adjusted for forex gain) at R13.9 bn surprised on the higher side (vs. est. of R10.5 bn) due to lower depreciation and lower tax rate. The management expects a strong H2, driven by volume ramp up at HZ (Hindustan Zinc), higher aluminium production and better production run rate post planned shutdown in Cairn India. SSLT has multiple catalysts in its favour: approvals for SEL (Sterlite Energy) 2400MW (IPP to CPP—independent power producer to captive power plant), commissioning of Balco 1200MW PP (power plant), potential wins in coal block auctions, resumption of iron ore mining operations and importantly HZ/Balco stake buyout. We expect SSLT’s de-leveraging story to play out over the next two years as the management focuses on sweating its aluminium/power assets and resolving its cash fungibility issues. Re-iterate Buy with R360/share FV.
Click here for graph
Q2FY15–Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) broadly in-line. SSLT’s Q2FY15 revenues increased 8% year-on-year to R195.5 bn, ahead of our R188.6 bn estimates, driven by higher sales in the copper segment. Ebitda was broadly in line with our estimates though was down 8% y-o-y due to lower volumes in the higher margin segments like HZ and CAIR (Cairn India). However, the management guided for volume ramp up in HZ, Aluminium and CAIR to help SSLT post a strong H2FY15. This should more than make up for the fall in MIC (zinc, lead metal in concentrate) production in H1FY15. The management expects Cairn India to report higher volumes in H2 post the planned shutdown in Rajasthan and resumption of gas sales from Ravva block.
Click here for graph
Aluminium volume ramp up is on track and commissioning of the 1200MW CPP and approval for IPP to CPP conversion of Jharsuguda 2400MW will further accelerate volume ramp up. Access to captive/linkage coal post coal block auction will be a key margin driver for aluminium operations.
Benefits of volume ramp up in the IO (iron ore) segment is expected to accrue from FY16e onwards. At Zinc international, new projects like Gamsberg will partly offset the fall in MIC production from Lisheen going forward.
Al & IO ramp up to boost standalone: SSLT’s standalone financials deteriorated due to operational issues (IO mining ban and delay in ramp up of Aluminium & Jharsuguda 2400MW power plant) and addition of financially constrained Vedanta Aluminium’s $4bn debt. Ramp up of mining operations in Goa/Karnataka and 1.25mt aluminium smelter in FY16 will boost standalone financials. Twin Star Holdings Limited (TMHL), which holds a 38.8% stake in CAIR, and associated $5.1 bn of acquisition debt, is facing a mismatch between interest expense and dividend income. SSLT will resolve the issue once HZ’s cash flows become fungible post the minority buyout. With no new major capex lined up, we expect the deleveraging theme playing out. We expect Net Debt/Ebitda (standalone) to decline from 16x in FY14 to 2.6x by FY17e.
Re-iterate Buy with FV of R360/share: We re-iterate our Buy on SSLT with FV (fair value) of R360/share. We value Sesa Sterlite using a SoTP (sum-of-the-parts) methodology. Our base case assumes the HZ and Balco stake sale goes through; in the event the stake sale does not go through, our FV for SSLT would fall to R283/share.
—Espirito Santo
TAGS: Hindustan Zinc Rating Sesa Sterlite Sesa Sterlite Sesa Sterlite Rating
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Firefox comes to India with newvisionMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
India’s fast growing smartphone market is already under the Android spell with the Google operating system (OS) capturing over 80% of the market. Following closely behind is Apple’s iOS with over 10% of the market. Rest are trudging and trying to reach the mammoth target to include more users under their wing.
It is in these trying times, the Mozilla Foundation has launched its first OS in India with the Intex Cloud FX and the Spice Fire One Mi-FX 1.The firm had already promised in this year’s Mobile World Congress that it would come up with smartphones. It had announced to bring out cheap smartphones at $25 after it sealed a deal with a little-known Chinese firm named Spreadtrum.
After trying out the OS on both devices, several questions remained unanswered and that is when we got talking to Mozilla and the handset makers. The question that arises first in the head is why bring out a phone that has no 3G? Why take the risk of making the cost so less along with meagre specifications that consumers may not take a second look after reading about the product? Is it really possible for the OS to run on such low specifications? Will not the consumers be ready to pay a little more for a device with better specs?
Yes, we got the answer to these questions thanks to Mozilla and Intex. But to understand all of this we need to sync ourselves with Mozilla’s vision and strategy. Mozilla rightly has figured that Indians are looking to cut down their spend on smartphones as the sector is slowly edging towards saturation. It has designed the OS in ways that cuts down on battery usage, consumes less memory, can work on smaller RAMs and in turn reduce the cost of the hardware.
“Our OS is smaller, faster and has the ability to function with smaller memory capacity,” said Wayne Chang, senior technical account manager, Firefox OS and Marvin Khoo, product manager, Firefox OS. Intex seconded Mozilla and Keshav Bansal, marketing director of Intex Technologies said that both parties had agreed that the phone would be targeted at residents from smaller cities rather than metro cities. “From the onset we were looking at affordable smartphones and not a very high-end one, so it made sense for us to provide the best hardware in that price range,” Bansal added.
Mozilla has also confirmed that the device makers were deliberately told to reduce hardware specifications as it would prove that the OS can simply run on much lower specs and provide good performance in comparison to other OS. So don’t get alarmed by the low specs. “Our OS can work on 1/6th the RAM used by rival OS,” said Chang. “This is one of our strategy as it brings the cost of the device down as we can run on lower range hardware without compromising on performance,” he added.
Coming to the non-availability of 3G, Mozilla said that in comparison to apps running on rival OS, Mozilla OS apps are smaller and uses less disk space which essentially means less downloads so the 3G option has been ruled out for now. Plus, since the phones are targeted towards the smaller cities, both the device maker and the OS maker, wanted to reduce the burden of the rising 3G bills. But there is no need to worry as Mozilla confirmed that it plans to run its OS on high-end phones too. “We are already planning to roll out our OS on high-end phones keeping in mind privacy concerns that we have always kept as a priority,” Khoo said.
 
TAGS: Apple IOS Firefox Mozilla Intex Cloud Smartphone Market
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

LIC sells Rs 7700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos  ups stake in10Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
State-owned life insurer LIC lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the July-September quarter with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30-bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies —- Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy’s Laboratories — LIC’s stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro, the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up scrips valued Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the Life Insurance Corporation of India coincided with a surge of around five per cent in BSE’s benchmark index Sensex during July-September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms–Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power and banking giants–State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
TAGS: Sensex
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Ambanis likely to adopt Varanasi ghats under CleanIndiaMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
As a precursor to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit Varanasi on November 7 and 8, Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani celebrated a grand 51st birthday for wife Nita in the PM’s constituency on Saturday.
A liberal sprinkling of religious fervour, comprising a visit to the world-famous Kashi Vishwanath temple to perform Rudrabhishek ceremony and a trip to the famous Dashashwamedh Ghat to see the Ganga aarti, has been packaged with a grand stay at the Nadesar Palace, the erstwhile home of the King of Kashi, which has hosted several royalty, statesmen and celebrities including Britain’s Queen Elizabeth. The palace is now part of the Taj Group of hotels.
While the guest list was a closely guarded secret till late evening, the buzz was afloat that after seeing the Ganga aarti, the entire Ambani family comprising mother Kokilaben, children, close friends and senior Reliance Industries officials, will attend the colourful birthday party that is to be celebrated at Gulab Bagh of the Taj Hotel. There was tight security at the hotel and no outsider was allowed to enter the premises.
“All the employees of Taj Hotel had been asked to deposit their mobiles with the management, so that they are not able to share any details,” said a source at the hotel, adding the hotel and the ghats have been decorated extensively for the event. Earlier in the day, three chartered planes landed at the Varanasi airport carrying the Ambani family and friends who had come to take part in the birthday party. While it could not be confirmed, there were rumours that the Ambani couple is likely to adopt the ghats of Varanasi in its effort to connect with the PM’s Swachch Bharat programme. It may be mentioned that Nita had taken up the Prime Minister’s ‘Clean India’ challenge and joined in a cleanliness drive in Mumbai recently.
TAGS: Varanasi Ghats
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Googles Project Ara: Piece together your AndroidTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
What if you could decide the power of the processor, resolution of the display and sensor of the camera every time you picked up your smartphone to leave home? It might sound like science fiction, but this is exactly what Google is working on at the moment. In fact, its Project Ara aims to bring in a modular smartphone that can be changed according to the user’s character and preferences.
While IndianExpress.com got a sneak peak into the prototypes, the market pilot is expected to be available in 2015. Paul Eremenko, who developed the project and leads it now, sums up the concept as the “hardware version of Android”. “Our stated objective around Project Ara is to democratise the hardware ecosystem around mobile. We want to drastically lower the barrier of entry for developers,” he added in a video chat earlier this week. “We decided to go ahead with Project Ara because we felt that finally we were at a point where the overhead penalty of making something modular could be made small enough that it would be acceptable to the consumer.”
At the core of Project Ara is the endoskelton, or the frame, on which the modules will go. Google want to produce these for around $50 and spawn and “app level of innovation” with the modules. The idea is to let developers market the modules directly to consumers, maybe through the Google Play store. This means once you buy the endoskelton, you can go to the store and buy any module you want. There will be three frame sizes to choose from, the mini, medium and jumbo and the smallest of them will have slots for 10 modules.
The possibilities are endless. For instance, you could buy a jumbo frame and use only half of it for the screen, the rest could be the keyboard. If on a long trip, you could drop a lot of other modules and replace them with battery modules so that you don’t run out of power.
While it seems as simple as building blocks, Project Ara will actually be ushering in cutting edge technology into your hands. “This is the first initiation of a network on device concept in the mobile form factor,” explains Eremenko, adding that any modules can draw or supply power and also be a power storage device at the same time. While the modules will transmit data and power using inductive contactless coupling, they will have electropermanent magnets that connect them to the frame. Simply put, the design won’t have any connectors and users will be able to hot swap any module.
Eremenko thinks the biggest impact will come when people will be able to manage power better by being able to use multiple battery packs and also when developers start bringing in fitness modules.
While critical mass is still a couple of years away, over time Ara could end up being a cheaper alternative as it will let users avoid paying for hardware features they never use. But for now Eremenko says pricing is a long way off.
Google understands that the thirst for customisation is much more on mobile and that will be one of the key drivers for adoption of Project Ara. And Google is not the only company trying to cash in on this. While Chinese telecom giant ZTE has showcased its modular concept called the Eco-Mobius, Israeli startup Modu Mobile which was making a name for itself with modular phones designs was acquired by Google a couple of years back. Eremenko says Google is interested in making the modular phone platform interoperable and that is why they have chosen industry standard protocol and put everything out there.
We are at least a couple of years away from being able to buy a modular phone frame or the modules to populate it. But when Project Ara is here, it could change the way we think about and use mobile phones. The tech world is looking at a scenario where small hardware developers could grow to scale by offering customers innovative modules which would not have found acceptance with mainstream brands. The appification of mobile phone hardware is almost here.
Building blocks
At the core of Project Ara is the ‘endoskeleton’, or the frame, on which the ‘modules’, or mobile parts, will go.
Google wants to produce these for around $50 and spawn an ‘app-level of innovation’ with the modules. The idea is to let developers market the modules directly to consumers, maybe through the Google Play store.
Once you buy the endoskeleton, you can go to the store and buy any module you want. There will be three frame sizes to choose from—the mini, medium and jumbo, with the smallest of the lot having slots for 10 modules.
For instance, you could buy a jumbo frame and use only half of it for the screen, the rest could be the keyboard. If on a long trip, you could drop a lot of other modules and replace them with battery modules so that you don’t run out of power
TAGS: Google Google News Google Project Google Project Ara
More from industry

Ebola and the vast viral universeMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Behind the hellish Ebola epidemic ravaging west Africa lies an agent that fittingly embodies the mad contradictions of a nightmare. It is alive yet dead, simple yet complex, mindless yet prophetic, seemingly able to anticipate our every move.
For scientists who study the evolution and behaviour of viruses, the Ebola pathogen is performing true to its vast, ancient and staggeringly diverse kind. By all evidence, researchers say, viruses have been parasitising living cells since the first cells arose on earth nearly four billion years ago.
Some researchers go so far as to suggest that viruses predate their hosts. That they essentially invented cells as a reliable and renewable resource they could then exploit for the sake of making new viral particles.
It was the primordial viral ‘collective’, says Luis P Villarreal, director of the Center for Virus Research at the University of California, Irvine, “that originated the capacity for life to be self-sustaining”.
“Viruses are not just these threatening or annoying parasitic agents,” he adds. “They’re the creative front of biology, where things get figured out, and they always have been.”
Researchers are deeply impressed by the depth and breadth of the viral universe, or virome. Viruses have managed to infiltrate the cells of every life form known to science. They infect animals, plants, bacteria, slime mould, even larger viruses. They replicate in their host cells so prodigiously and stream out into their surroundings so continuously that if you collected all the viral flotsam afloat in the world’s oceans, the combined tonnage would outweigh that of all the blue whales.
Not that viruses want to float freely. As so-called obligate parasites entirely dependent on host cells to replicate their tiny genomes and fabricate their protein packages newborn viruses, or virions, must find their way to fresh hosts or they will quickly fall apart, especially when exposed to sun, air or salt.
“Drying out is a death knell for viral particles,” says Lynn W Enquist, a virologist at Princeton.
How long shed virions can persist if kept moist and unbuffeted—for example, in soil or in body excretions like blood or vomit—is not always clear, but may be up to a week or two. That is why the sheets and clothing of Ebola patients must be treated as hazardous waste and surfaces hosed down with bleach.
Viruses are masters at making their way from host to host and cell to cell, using every possible channel. Whenever biologists discover a new way that body cells communicate with one another, sure enough, there’s a virus already tapping into exactly that circuit in its search for new meat.
Reporting recently in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Karla Kirkegaard, a professor of microbiology and genetics at Stanford University School of Medicine, and her colleagues described a kind of ‘unconventional secretion’ pathway based on so-called autophagy, or self-eating, in which cells digest small parts of themselves and release the pieces into their surroundings as signaling molecules targeted at other cells—telling them, for example, that it’s time for a new round of tissue growth.
The researchers determined that the poliovirus can exploit the autophagy conduit to cunning effect. Whereas it was long believed that new polio particles could exit their natal cell only by bursting it open and then seeking new cells to infect, the researchers found that the virions could piggyback to freedom along the autophagy pathway.
In that way, the virus could expand its infectious empire without destroying perfectly good viral factories en route. The researchers suspect that other so-called naked or non-enveloped viruses (like the cold virus and the enteroviruses that have lately plagued children in Asia) could likewise spread through unconventional secretion pathways.
For their part, viruses like Ebola have figured out how to slip in and out of cells without kicking up a fuss by cloaking themselves in a layer of greasy lipids stolen from the host cell membrane, rather as you might foist a pill down a pet’s throat by smearing it in butter.
According to Eric O Freed, the head of the virus-cell interaction section at the National Cancer Institute, several recent technological breakthroughs have revolutionised the study of viruses.
Advances in electron microscopy and super-resolved fluorescence microscopy—the subject of this year’s Nobel Prize in chemistry—allow scientists to track the movement of viral particles in and between cells, and to explore the fine atomic structure of a virus embraced by an antibody, or a virus clasped on to the protein lock of a cell.
Through ultrafast gene sequencing and targeted gene silencing techniques, researchers have identified genes critical to viral infection and drug resistance. “We’ve discovered viruses we didn’t even know existed,” Freed says. And that could prove important to detecting the emergence of a new lethal strain.
Gene sequencing has also allowed researchers to trace the deep background of viruses, which, at an average of a few billionths of an inch across, are far too minuscule to fossilise. In fact, viruses were first identified in the 19th century by size, as infectious agents able to pass through filters that trapped all bacteria.
Through genomic analysis, researchers have identified ancient viral codes embedded in the DNA of virtually every phyletic lineage. The unmistakable mark of a viral code? Instructions for making the capsid, the virus’s protective protein shell, which surrounds its genetic core and lends the viral particle its infectious power.
“It turns out there are not many ways to make the pieces that will snap together into an effective package,” says Enquist, of Princeton. “It’s an event that may have occurred only once or twice” in evolutionary history.
Viruses are also notable for what they lack. They have no ribosomes, the cellular components that fabricate the proteins that do all the work of keeping cells alive.
Instead, viruses carry instructions for co-opting the ribosomes of their host, and repurposing them to the job of churning out capsid and other viral proteins. Other host components are enlisted to help copy the instructions for building new viruses, in the form of DNA or RNA, and to install those concise nucleic texts in the newly constructed capsids.
“Viruses are almost miraculously devious,” Freed says. “They’re just bundles of protein and nucleic acid, and they’re able to get into cells and run the show.”
“On the one hand, they’re quite simple,” Enquist says. “On the other hand, they may be the most highly evolved form of genetic information on the planet.”
Viruses also work tirelessly to evade the immune system that seeks to destroy them. One of the deadliest features of the Ebola virus is its capacity to cripple the body’s first line of defense against a new pathogen, by blocking the release of interferon.
“That gives the virus a big advantage to grow and spread,” says Christopher F Basler, a professor of microbiology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
At the same time, says Aftab Ansari of Emory University School of Medicine, the virus disables the body’s coagulation system, leading to uncontrolled bleeding. By the time the body can rally its second line of defense, the adaptive immune system, it is often too late.
Yet the real lethality of Ebola, Ansari says, stems from a case of mistaken location, a zoonotic jump from wild animal to human being. The normal host for Ebola virus is the fruit bat, in which the virus replicates at a moderate pace without killing or noticeably sickening the bat.
“A perfect parasite is able to replicate and not kill its host,” Ansari says. “The Ebola virus is the perfect parasite for a bat.”
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

A calendar to celebrateNovember 23, 2014
NH7 Weekender
What: The Bacardi NH7 Weekender 2014 will take place in four cities starting with Kolkata (November 1 and 2) and finally culminating in Delhi (November 29 and 30). This year’s line-up includes English indie rockers The Vaccines, American heavy-metallers Fear Factory, Australian singer-songwriter Sarah Blasko, Australian indie rockers Cloud Control, UK alt-rock act Dinosaur Pile-Up, US indie rockers Motopony and London-bred singer-songwriter Luke Sital-Singh.  Other international artists to perform at the this year’s Bacardi NH7 Weekender include Mutemath (US), Jon Hopkins (England), Songhoy Blues (Mali), Talal Qureshi (Pakistan) and Sachal Jazz Ensemble (Pakistan), among others.
Where: Kolkata, Bangalore, Delhi
When: November 1, 2; November 21 to 23; November 29 and 30
Rang
What: From Nitish Bhardwaj in Chakrvyuh and Nadira Babbar in Sandhya Vhhay to Rajit Kapur in One on One, the fourth edition of the annual arts festival organised by the Films & Theatre Society is coming out with some of the finest theatre productions of the country. The other highlights of this edition are Manchnaad, the theatre festival; ‘Know the Actor in You’, a theatre workshop by Nadira Babbar; a ‘Sufi Night’ by Nizami Brothers; and a ‘Hindi Kavi
Sammelan’, among others.
Where: Ficci, Kamani Auditorium, Shri Ram Centre and Hindi Bhawan, New Delhi
When: November 1 to 9, 2014
Prithvi Theatre Festival
What: In its 36th year, the Prithvi Theatre Festival is named after the legendary actor Prithviraj Kapoor. Apart from new productions, the festival will introduce Fringe theatre, where actors will perform experimental plays in front of a small audience, this year. There will also be circus acts designed especially for the stage. Just like last year, music enthusiasts can also experience live music with acoustic jam sessions. This time in ‘Stage Talk’, theatre actors will share interesting anecdotes from their lives.
Where: Mumbai
When: November 5 to 16, 2014
Indian Non Fiction Festival
What: The fourth edition of the India Non Fiction Festival, dedicated to non-fiction literary works, will bring together noted authors and personalities from varied walks of life on one stage who will engage in discussions on significant but often neglected issues. A few of the personalities who will grace the occasion this year are K Natwar Singh, Vinod Rai, Suhel Seth, Dipankar Gupta, Leila Seth, Isher Judge Ahluwalia, John Elliott, Dinesh Sharma, Ira Trivedi, BG Verghese, Manish Tiwari, Kingshuk Nag
and Arun Maira.
Where: India Habitat Centre, Delhi
When: November 15 and 16, 2014
International Film Festival of India
What: The country in focus this year will be China with a package of 12 films from the country to be shown at the festival. The closing film is tipped to be a great draw with the internationally-acclaimed Chinese filmmaker from Hong Kong Wong Kar-Wai’s The Great Master to be screened. Hindi film icon Amitabh Bachchan is likely to be the chief guest this year, while southern star Rajinikanth will also be presented with a special honour at the festival. Elizabeth Ekadashi (directed by Paresh Mokashi) has been chosen as the opening film by the feature film jury of Indian panorama for 2014.
Where: Goa
When: November 20 to 30, 2014
Goa Arts and Literary Festival
What: The fifth edition of the Goa Arts and Literary Festival will feature delegations from Australia, Singapore, Nepal and Pakistan, besides some fine writers, poets, artists and musicians from across India. The highlights of the event, to be organised by The International Centre, Goa in association with Goa Writers’ Group, include the release of Rajdeep Sardesai’s hotly anticipated account of the 2014 elections, Janice Pariat’s debut novel Seahorse, and the latest books by Githa Hariharan and Dilip D’Souza. Artist-novelist Daisy Rockwell will mount her first ever art exhibition at the venue and
veteran Indian-American rapper Chee Malabar will make his Indian debut at the festival this year.
Where: The International
When: December 4 to 7, 2014
Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2014
What: The second edition of Kochi-Muziris Biennale, titled ‘Whorled Explorations’ and curated by artist Jitish Kallat, will feature 95 artists from 30 countries. The central exhibition will be accompanied by ‘History Now’, a series of talks and seminars. There will also be the ‘Student’s Biennale’, a pilot programme engaging students from government-run art colleges and led by young curators from across the country. The programmes will also include performances, collateral events, interactive projects for children, as well as the ‘Artist’s Cinema’ project.
Where: Multiple venues in Kochi, Kerala
When: December 12, 2014 to
March 29, 2015
Hornbill Festival 2014
What: Visitors can enjoy the colourful performances, crafts, sports, food fairs, games and ceremonies during the 10-day festival. Traditional arts, which include paintings, wood carvings and sculptures, are also on display. Festival highlights include sale of handicraft items, food stalls, herbal medicine stalls, flower shows and sales, among others.
Where: Naga Heritage Village, Kohima
When: December 1 to 10, 2014
Jaipur Literature Festival
What: The Jaipur Literature Festival in Rajasthan has gained a reputation as the literary calendar event of the year, not least because it’s set in the stunning pink city. The programme consists of literary and music events and previous guest speakers have included noted people like Oprah Winfrey. The event is free to participate, with online registration. The speakers for the coming edition include an eclectic mix, from Raj Kamal Jha to Tshering Tashi and Paul Theroux to Neel Mukherjee. Other writers to grace the occasion are Hanif Kureishi, Devdutt Pattanaik, Chetan Bhagat, Amish Tripathi and Tom Holland, among a host of others.
Where: Diggi Palace Hotel, Jaipur
When: January 21 to 25, 2015
India Art Fair
What: The 7th edition of the India Art Fair will see 85 exhibiting galleries in a total of 90 booths showcasing a breadth of modern and contemporary art practices including painting, sculpture, new media, installation and performance art. The 2015 Speakers’ Forum will engage the entire range of stakeholders in the visual arts—artists, curators, critics, administrators, academics, gallerists and collectors, as well as covering a wide spectrum of artistic practices. Speakers will include Adam Szymczyk, artistic director of documenta, the world’s largest and most prestigious contemporary art exhibition; Venu Vasudevan, director general of the National Museum, Delhi; Jeremy Deller, leading artist and creator of the British pavilion at the 2013 Venice Biennale; Sheikha Hoor al Qasimi, director of the Sharjah Biennale and curator of the UAE pavilion at the next Venice Biennale; and Julian Stallabrass, professor at the Courtauld Institute London.
Where: NSIC Grounds,

Feel the rhythm: music festivals to watch out forMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Jazz Utsav
What: The Jazz Utsav, formerly known as Jazz Yatra, will celebrate its 30th anniversary in India this year. The festival offers to bring jazz heavyweights from countries like Spain, the US, the Netherlands, Italy, Norway, Germany and Poland. Also performing this year will be India’s The Goa Collective.
Where: Siri Fort Auditorium, New Delhi
When: October 31 to
November 2, 2014
South Asian Band Festival
What: Presented by the ministry of external affairs, the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and Seher, the 8th edition of the festival will feature 14 rock bands from eight Saarc countries, along with observer nation France. This year’s highlights include Alobo Naga and the Band; Pakistani singer Zebunissa Bangash, French electro-rock band Success;  among others.
Where: Purana Qila, New Delhi
When: November 7 to 9, 2014
Magnetic Fields Festival
What: Expect the freshest Indian sounds accompanied by some exciting underground international stars alongside a cultural programme of local legends. This year’s line-up includes Dream Koala (France), Zahed Sultan (Kuwait), Graciela Maria (Mexico), My Panda Shall Fly (UK), Dj Vadim (UK), Begun (Spain), Flava D (UK), Nicholson (India), etc.
Where: Alsisar Mahal, Shekhawati, Rajasthan
When: December 12 to 14, 2014
Enchanted Valley Carnival
What: Three days, four stages, and over 25,000 people, with a focus on EDM, live bands, adventure and watersports, hot-air ballooning, a flea market, campfires, barbeques and live music all night. This year’s line-up includes two-time-Grammy-winning artist/ producer/DJ David Guetta and New World PunxTrance, among others.
Where: Aamby Valley, Pune,
When: December 19 to 21, 2014
Vh1 Supersonic
What: Vh1 Supersonic 2014, an EDM festival, will see an array of artistes playing electrifying beats over four days. Some of the international artistes who are set to perform this year are trance legend Paul van Dyk, electro
and progressive house duo The Chainsmokers and Dillon
Francis and Stanton Warriors, with more names to be announced in the coming days.
Where: Candolim, Goa
When: December 27 to 30, 2014
Sunburn Goa 2014
What: The festival that was shifted from North Goa’s Candolim beach to Vagator beach last year, will enter its eighth edition. This year will witness the biggest line-up of over 150 artistes, including Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Knife Party, Sander van Doorn, Sasha, Krewella, Baauer, Danny Avila, Head Hunterz, Deniz Koyu and Dubvision, among others.
Where: Vagator, Goa
TAGS: Jazz Utsav Music Festivals South Asian Band Festival
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Gold  silver rates tumble in Delhi on weak globalcuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the national capital today.
In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to four-year low after the US Federal Reserve’s decided to end its bullion friendly bond-buying programme and fall in demand from jewellers and retailers, mainly led to a fall in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to USD 1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to USD 15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg.
Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.
TAGS: Gold Price Gold Price In Delhi Gold Rate Gold Rate In Delhi Gold Rate Today
More from commodities

Diesel prices cut  truck sales up  yet no drop in freight rates'PM Modi visits boost India's perception as investment destination'
Diesel prices have reduced by almost Rs 6 per litre in the last 30 days and heavy truck sales have been on the rise, but truck rentals are yet to see any drop, a report from independent transport research agency IFTRT says. This is likely to prove a major challenge for  the Modi government looking to battle high inflation, because unless transport costs reduce, prices of all food and non-food items are unlikely to see any moderation.
“Contrary to the estimates of expected 3-4% reduction in truck rentals on trunk routes, the freight charges remained firm and unchanged during October 2014 on the back of increased despatches to APMCs of fruits and vegetables and brisk flow of cargo from manufacturing sector on account of strong spending by consumers due to peak festival season and short supply of trucks in the last 7-10 days of October due to Diwali and ‘Chhat Puja’ festivals,” the report from the Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training (IFTRT) said.
Taking a cue from falling global oil prices, the central government on October 18 announced a Rs 3.37/litre cut in diesel prices – down from a historic high of Rs 58.97/litre. It also de-regulated diesel prices, a practice alreadty done for petrol prices back in June 2012. A further cut of Rs 2.25/litre to diesel prices was made on October 31st.
Low supply of trucks and high demand for goods movement is said to be the major reason why freight rates have not dropped. About 10-15% National Permit truck fleet is said to have been diverted to the Kharif Crop procurement of paddy, cotton, pulses, oil seeds and other cereal items on intra-State local movement in various States.
“The average 25-30% drop in truck sales in last 6-8 quarters has reduced the truck fleet on National Permit Circuit and at the local truck operation on intra-State movement the 17-20 years old trucks numbering 75,000 – 1,00,000 have been diverted voluntarily by truckers to the scrappage market as these vehicles were unviable and required extensive regular maintenance. Thus, in last two years, despite weak economy, the truckers have survived due to shrinking national fleet,” the report said.
Heavy and medium truck sales, which have dropped by 40% in the last two years, have been rising in the past few months. In September, they grew 23% YoY to 19,035 units.
Interestingly, IFTRT said that in case of contractual transport business, the transport firms have reduced freight charges reflecting the cut in diesel price as in each contract there exists escalation / de-escalation clause. The transport contracts constitute around 25% of the freight transport business in the country.
TAGS: Diesel Prices Diesel Prices News Diesel Prices Reduced Truck Sales Up
More from economy
Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week Government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.

Gold rate slips again in Mumbai on renewed selling; silver extendslossesAfter a modest rebound over the weekend, gold prices dropped again at the domestic bullion market today following fresh bouts of profit-taking as well as poor local buying support in the face of bearish overseas sentiment.
Silver, on the other hand, continued its uninterrupted downtrend amid sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) declined by Rs 80 to end at Rs 25,985 per 10 grams from last Saturday’s closing level of Rs 26,065.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) shed by Rs 85 to finish at Rs 26,130 per 10 grams compared to Rs 26,215 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped by Rs 120 to conclude at Rs 36,850 per kg against the weekend level of Rs 36,970.
The US Fed’s decision to end its years long bullion- friendly bond buying programme has led to investors dumping gold and accumulating equities, a bullion trader said.
Last week, the yellow metal lost over 4.58 per cent to hit a 15-month low, while silver slumped more than 6 per cent.
Globally, the shiny metal remained under intense selling pressure, stretching its losing streak to a fourth session on the back of upbeat US macro data as well as stronger dollar which hit a four-year peak against major currencies, hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
Last week, both the precious metals sank to their lowest levels since 2010 following a massive sell-off unleashed by panic-striken speculators and funds.
Spot gold was bid lower at USD 1,172.26 an ounce during the European morning trade, while silver was bid at USD 16.09 an ounce.
More from commodities

Carmakers tune up range for older drivers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de6a5630-1d78-11e4-8b03-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty marks new closing high of 8 324.15pointsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The market managed to consolidate the positive momentum with buying interest in metals, realty and banking counters along with second line shares helping the benchmark Nifty to mark record closing high of 8,324.15 points on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Opening on buoyant note and rallying to all-time intra day high of 8,350.50 amid riding previous weeks remarkable gains and good FII inflows, the trading momentum later turned volatile but remained mostly in range due to lack of any major trigger amid oncoming market holidays, as investors opted for wait and watch policy.
Key auto and energy counters incurred profit-booking.
Asian stocks witnessed mixed trading today, while European market traded lower.
Meanwhile, the Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday, according provisional figure of stock exchanges.
The benchmark Nifty traded between a high of 8,350.60 and low of 8,297.65 before closing at 8,324.15, showing a marginal gain of 1.95 points or 0.02 per cent over its previous close.
The top five Nifty gainers were Jindal Steel 5.16 per cent, DLF 3.05 per cent, TechM 2.49 per cent, SSLT 2.46 per cent and Bank of Baroda 2.21 per cent.
While, top five losers include GAIL 5.57 per cent, Coal India 3.06 per cent, M&M 2.96 per cent, NMDC 2.93 per cent and HCL Tech 2.34 per cent.
Turnover in the cash segment dropped to Rs 17,332.80 crore against Rs 20,338.74 crore last Friday. A total of 10,668.14 lakh shares changed hands in 74,81,116 trades, while market capitalisation stood at Rs 95,14,816 crore.
The market will remain closed tomorrow on account of ‘Muharram’ and also on Thursday (November 6) for ‘Guru Nanak Jayanti’.
TAGS: Nifty Nifty Live Nifty Today
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

India has maximum listings 80% traffic coming from phones: OLXSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Online classifieds platform OLX today said it expects traffic on its website to grow at a strong pace, driven by increasing penetration of smartphones in the country.
India, which already accounts for the highest number of listings, had about 1.5 billion monthly page views generated from the country.
The Naspers-backed firm generated more than 11 billion monthly page views. It is present in over 106 countries in 40 languages.
“Mobile users have fueled a significant portion of OLX’s growth, particularly in major emerging markets like Brazil and India. In India, we have a consumer-to-consumer (C2C) marketplace, which has worked well for us. India has the highest number of listings compared to other markets where we are present,” OLX India CEO Amarjit Batra told PTI.
OLX.in’s traffic has grown 150 times in the last 3.5 years, when its first television ad was released.
“With 80 per cent of our traffic now coming from mobile, we are on the verge of becoming a mobile-only company. A major chunk is coming from used mobile and electronics, household goods, cars and bikes,” Batra said.
OLX is available in more than 40 countries and over 50 languages. It connects local people to buy, sell or exchange used goods and services.
It has more than 1,200 employees worldwide located in Bangkok, Buenos Aires, Cape Town, New Delhi, Jakarta, Lagos, Lisbon, Manila, Nairobi, Poznan, Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
TAGS: OLX OLX Growth OLX Website
More from companies

Flights delayed: Air India passengers face tough timeSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Several passengers of Air India faced a tough time at the Delhi airport today after two flights were inordinately delayed due to late arrival of aircraft and expiry of the flight timings of the crew members.
The incoming flights were primarily delayed due to foggy conditions and inclement weather in the eastern region, including airports like Kathmandu, Patna and Ranchi, airline officials said.
While the Delhi-Ranchi flight, scheduled to take off at 11 AM was delayed by five hours, the Bhopal flight was delayed by two hours from its scheduled time of 2 PM, they said.
The additional delay in the Ranchi flight was due to the cabin and cockpit crew running out of their flight duty time limitation (FDTL), with the late arrival of the aircraft, they said, adding that the stand-by crew was summoned to operate the outbound service.
The passengers were taken care of and sent to their repective destinations later, they added.
TAGS: Air India Air India Flights Delayed Air India Flights News
More from companies

Podemos surges to poll lead in SpainLeftwing party Podemos surges to lead Spanish polls
Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc683a00-6362-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jobs generation: Pranab calls for focus on the rural poorRana Kapoor, President of Assocham (left) presenting the first copy of a study to President Pranab Mukherjee as DS Rawat, Secretary General and Sunil Kanoria, Senior Vice-President, look on during the summit on Livelihood Security of India. V SUDERSHAN
‘Sound agricultural system is indispensable for poverty eradication, food adequacy’
New Delhi, November 3:  
“A sound agricultural system is indispensable for attaining a host of objectives like poverty eradication, food adequacy, nutritional security, expansion in rural employment and higher rural incomes,” President Pranab Mukherjee said.
Address specific needs
Addressing an Assocham summit on livelihood security in here on Monday, Mukherjee said that policies and programmes aimed at generating employment have to concentrate on the specific needs of the poor.
“The bulk of the poor in India, about four-fifths, reside in rural areas. Livelihood security for the rural population, therefore, has to receive strong impetus,” he added. Stating that the focus has to be on innovations for low-cost technologies, machines and tools to transform subsistence farming into a viable and rewarding profession, the President said efforts have to be directed at raising the low level of farm productivity in order to enhance farmer remuneration. 
Stressing on the need for a paradigm shift from primary to secondary agriculture, he added, “The food processing sector provides a window, linking industry with agriculture and generating jobs in rural areas and small townships.
Greater investment
“Developing this sunrise sector calls for greater investment in infrastructure like cold chains, handling, packaging and transportation.” On the need for employment for India’s rising young workforce, the President said that by 2020, the average age of an Indian will be 29 years, 8 years younger than an American or a Chinese.  “Hence, a multi-modal approach is necessary. The manufacturing sector has to be invigorated as the potential of this sector as a mass employment generator is immense,” he said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Insurance industry warns on terrorist coverInsurance industry warns on companies’ terrorist cover
Alistair Gray and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54c9333e-6359-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World Trade Center reopens for businessWorld Trade Center reopens for business
AP
New York, November 04, 2014
First Published: 02:00 IST(4/11/2014)
print
Thirteen years after the 9/11 terrorist attack, the resurrected World Trade Center has again opened for business marking an emotional milestone for both New Yorkers and the nation.
Some staffers of publishing giant Conde Nast began working at 1 World Trade Center on Monday. The 104-story, $ 3.9 billion skyscraper dominates the Manhattan skyline. The publishing giant becomes the first commercial tenant in America's tallest building.
It's the centerpiece of the 16-acre (6-hectare) site where the decimated twin towers once stood and where more than 2,700 people died on Sept. 11, 2001, buried under smoking mounds of fiery debris.
"The New York City skyline is whole again, as 1 World Trade Center takes its place in Lower Manhattan," said Patrick Foye, executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns both the building and the World Trade Center site.
The agency began moving into neighboring 4 World Trade Center last week. He said 1 World Trade Center "sets new standards of design, construction, prestige and sustainability; the opening of this iconic building is a major milestone in the transformation of Lower Manhattan into a thriving 24/7 neighborhood."
With construction fences gone and boxes of office equipment in place, the company moved into what Foye called "the most secure office building in America."  
Prior to the move, Conde Nast addressed any issues employees might have had about moving into the tower. The architectural firm, TJ Gottesdiener of the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, says it took extra measures to strengthen the steel-and-concrete structure. It says it is a much stronger structure than the twin towers.
Starting today, more than 170 employees moved into five of Conde Nast's 25 floors, the company said. By early 2015, about 3,000 more staffers will move in.
The building is 60% leased, with another 80,000 square feet going to the advertising firm Kids Creative, the stadium operator Legends Hospitality, the BMB Group investment adviser, and Servcorp, a provider of executive offices.
The government's General Services Administration signed up for 275,000 square feet (25,548 square meters), and the China Center, a trade and cultural facility, will cover 191,000 square feet (17,744 square meters).
The eight-year construction of the 1,776-foot (541-meter) high skyscraper came after years of political, financial and legal infighting that threatened to derail the project.

SEC Fines 13 Firms Over Sales of Puerto Rico BondsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Blue-chip stocks like RIL  Airtel yet to reclaim their 2008-10 peaksAirtel
(Some of the prominent names…)
MUMBAI: India's benchmark stock indices — Sensex and Nifty —are recording new highs these days but shares of many large companies are still trading way below their all-time highs. As many as 50 large-cap shares with market capitalisation over Rs 10,000 crore are trading between 20 per cent and 90 per cent below their record highs hit during their peaks in 2008 or 2010, according to the data compiled by ET.
Some of the prominent names include Mukesh Ambani's RIL, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, DLF and Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) stocks including Reliance Communications , Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Infrastructure.
"Many traditional companies have not performed well in the past few years in terms of fundamentals. Some firms are struggling with high debt-equity ratios and their bottom-lines were not consistent," said G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO , Equinomics Research & Advisory.
Savvy investors have already moved from these stocks to sectors such as IT, pharma and consumer space. Out of the 50 stocks, 20 are trading between 50 per cent and 90 per cent below their highs, while another 20 are between 30 per cent and 50 per cent below their record levels. India's largest private sector company in terms of revenue, RIL closed Rs 1,001 on Monday, 38 per cent below its record high of Rs 1,626 touched on January 15 , 2008. RIL has returned 10 per cent in past one year as well as in the past five years. Sensex has gained 31 per cent and 81 per cent, respectively, during the same period. Bharti Airtel is trading 31 per cent below its October 2007 high of Rs 575. As of Monday, state-owned NTPC was nearly 50 per cent below its January 2008 high.
Reliance Group stocks have fared worse. Reliance Communications has plunged over 87 per cent from its January 2008 record high of Rs 844, Reliance Capital and Reliance Power are trading about 80 per cent below their respective alltime high stock prices. Reliance Infrastructure is down 75 per cent from record high. Reliance Group companies have seen their market capitalisation erode by over Rs 3 lakh crore since January 2008.
India's largest real estate player DLF has lost almost 90 per cent of its wealth since January 2008. Similarly, Jindal Steel, SAIL, NMDC, Neyveli Lignite, Adani Power are currently trading at least 70 per cent below their record highs.
Several retail investors have exited their investments in such stocks even at losses. In the past five years, 6.5 lakh retail investors have exited Reliance Industries .
Reliance Communications, Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Capital have seen exit of 4.1 lakh, 3.4 lakh and 2.68 lakh retail investors, respectively, in the past five years. Analysts said these stocks could start performing once the market moved into the next stage of the bull run.
"Different sectors will move at different stages. Many traditional stokes have performed well in the past one year, but they fell short of expectations or underperformed the broader market," said Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Better logistics may generate Rs 6K cr power...Power sector looks at saving Rs 6,000 crore in coal transportation
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.20AM IST
Tags:
coal transportation
(A lot of imported coal travels…)
NEW DELHI: The power sector is heading for a $1 billion, or Rs 6,000 crore, saving in coal transportation cost and earnings of another Rs 3,600 crore by additional generation as the government plans to tweak fuel supply arrangements to ensure that coal from each mine or port is shipped to closest plant.
Currently, a lot of imported coal travels deep inside the country while some domestic output is transported to plants on the coast, which inflates the price of electricity.
Further, many power companies get fuel from a mine far away even if coal is produced much closer to the plant. The proposed changes would affect nearly half of India's total power generation capacity. In some cases two plants will simply swap the coal suppliers, while in other cases the supply adjustments would involve many plants.
The government had appointed KPMG to assess the benefits of reorganising fuel tie-ups. The global consulting firm has estimated savings in the range of Rs 4,500 crore toRs 6,000 crore in logistics as the distance between the supplying coal mine and the plant would come down by 27%. It has also estimated that this would lead to additional generation from 3,500-mw of capacity with potential benefit of Rs 3,500 crore, government sources said.
The rejig of fuel supply pacts would come as a blessing for the power sector, which is reeling under acute fuel shortage and reluctance of main buyers, the state distribution companies, to buy power that it finds costly. The government has already issued an ordinance to auction coal blocks and has plans to ensure better fuel supply for gas-fired and coal-based plants by blending imported and locally produced fuel. Government officials said increase coal supply is on top of their agenda.
Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal has said in the past that the fact that different companies supplying coal are subsidiaries of Coal India, would help restructure the supply pacts, and this was a reason why the state-run giant was not being split.
The KPMG report, submitted to the power ministry, said that the exercise will also decongest the railway network as the average distance travelled by coal will come down to 429 km per tonne from 589 km per tonne and hedge coastal power projects against any interruptions in supply in future.
Power companies are incurring huge costs on importing coal and transporting it to plants in hinterlands, while projects on the coast get coal from far-off states. The consultancy has advised the power ministry to bilaterally swap coal supplies of 32 power projects of 45,000-mw capacity while multilateral swaps have been recommended for 95 power stations of 74,000-mw capacity.
The proposal would require nod from power companies including private firms, states of Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan and electricity regulators.
The report points out that most plants of Tamil Nadu's state electricity utility are close to the coast and even domestic coal is supplied to them by sea route. The consultancy suggested that NTPC can swap its coal imports with domestic tie-ups of the state utility.
Similarly, the report observed that power stations of Gujarat State Electricity Corp Ltd (GSECL) receive coal from Coal India despite their proximity to 10 major ports.
NTPC can swap the fuel tie-ups with its imports made to meet demand from plants in hinterland due to lower availability of domestic coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brand value: Only SRK  Ranbir in $100 mn clubAmericanAppraisal
(MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli…)
NEW DELHI: Bollywood A-listers Shah Rukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor emerged the only two celebrities in the country with more than $100-million valuation in the first ever celebrity brand valuation study in India.
Cricketers MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli took the next two positions, though well below Khan and Kapoor, according to valuation done by US consultancy firm American Appraisal.
The total value of the top 15 celebrity brands in India is over $820 million, or about Rs 5,025 crore, said the study that calculated celebrities' brand valuation based on the individual's reputation, credibility and ability to generate income from endorsements, as well as the adjusted average annual endorsement revenue they earned after deducting relevant costs including taxes.
The top 15 celebrities in 2013-14 generated over Rs 1,100 crore in endorsement fees, which accounted for close to 50% of their annual income, the report said.
"We found that brand value changed dramatically based on performance and delivery in the celebrity's area of core competence. A string of failures impacts celebrity value very rapidly," American Appraisal India MD Varun Gupta said.
This means that Dhoni's lean patch on the cricket field may have taken a toll on his brand valuation. The Indian cricket captain's brand valuation at $72 million, or Rs 441 crore, is less than half of table topper Shah Rukh Khan's. Riding on more than 10 top-notch endorsements including Hyundai , Nerolac Paints and Royal Stag, SRK has a brand valuation of $165 million, or a little over Rs 1,000 crore. (See table)
Founded back in 1896 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, American Appraisal specialises in valuation. The company entered Indian six years ago and did a brand valuation of the Indian Premier League, or IPL, this year.
Only three women — actresses Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif and Kareena Kapoor — figure in the top 10 list of the American Appraisal report, which said the average endorsement fee for a one-year contract for female A-listers at about Rs 5.5 crore is almost half of their male counterparts' Rs 10.5-crore average annual fee. Top cricketers on an average get approximately Rs 8 crore as endorsement fee.
"This remains a very male-driven industry and actors get paid significantly more," said Anirban Das Blah, founder of talent management firm Kwan, which represents Ranbir Kapoor. "This is something we are not comfortable with. Hopefully things will change," he added.
Times Celebex, a monthly rating index of Bollywood stars based on box office performance, endorsements and popularity on social media, among other parameters, ranked Salman Khan at the top for the month of September, followed by Hrithik Roshan. Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone are the top rankers among women. Salman Khan anchors popular reality television show Bigg Boss and endorses seven highly advertised brands.
In American Appraisal's report, cricketer Virat Kohli has bettered superstars such as Salman Khan, Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan.
But only three sportsmen - all cricketers -- made it to the top 15 league, while globally big sports stars like David Beckham, Lionel Messi and Roger Federer rule the endorsements space ahead of big Hollywood stars. "Movie stars are probably a more stable source of celebrity value, with higher longevity," Gupta said.
Analysts said Indian celebrities have yet to catch up with their western counterparts.
"Most global celebrities have ownership of scalable brands - whether it's Beckham or Messi or Angelina Jolie. Here, we are still evolving and hopefully will get there soon," said Afsar Zaidi, founder and MD at Exceed Entertainment, which represents Hrithik Roshan.
He said at least two brands created by celebrities — HRX apparel by Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan's Being Human — had global scale potential.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saudi raises prices for crude customersOil slides after Saudi Arabia cuts prices in US
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e15b4e4e-6382-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan cant rely on corporate governanceJapan cannot rely on corporate governance push
Henny Sender
Attempt to lift return on equity for shareholders unlikely to succeed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68db835e-6025-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eurofighter turns to social media in IndonesiaEurofighter turns to social media with Indonesia pitch
Ben Bland and Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e7a10a4-6366-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian stocks sag on downbeat China manufacturing dataAsian stocks sag on downbeat China manufacturing data
Reuters
Tokyo, Nov 4:  
Tokyo's Nikkei bucks the trend, dollar close to highs, US crude struggles near 2-1/2 year lows
Asian stocks dipped on Tuesday with latest signs of slower growth in China and the Euro Zone dampening the mood, although Japan bucked the trend and rose to new seven-year highs on follow-through momentum generated by the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus move last week.
The dollar took a breather following its big surge but still remained near multi-year highs against the yen and euro after the BOJ's shock move raised expectations the ECB will eventually have to adopt quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 per cent.
Tokyo's Nikkei was up 3.4 per cent after touching a fresh seven-year high, boosted by the yen's continuing weakness. Japanese financial markets were closed on Monday for a public holiday.
The dollar edged down 0.4 per cent to 113.635 yen on profit taking after touching a seven-year peak of 114.21.
"Investors who missed the initial move are positioning themselves for the next lurch higher," said Raiko Shareef, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand.
The euro was up 0.3 per cent at $1.2517 after falling to a two-year trough of $1.2390 overnight.
Repercussions from the yen's broad depreciation were felt in South Korea, where exporters extended losses on worries that a softer Japanese currency would erode their price competitiveness relative to their Japanese rivals. South Korean shares were down 0.9 percent.
The Australian dollar inched up as the dollar gave back some ground against its peers, but the A$ still remained within reach of four-year lows on persistent worries about slowing economic growth in major export partner China, where data on Monday showed manufacturing activity hit a five-month low.
The weak Chinese data, coupled with downbeat euro zone manufacturing PMI numbers, highlighted the contrast in fortunes between the much of the world and the United States, which showed an unexpected acceleration in manufacturing activity in October.
The Australian dollar was up 0.3 per cent at $0.8713 after getting close to $0.8642, a four-year trough reached last month. The Aussie showed muted reaction to the Reserve Bank of Australia's widely anticipated decision to leave rates unchanged at 2.5 percent.
In commodities, crude oil extended losses after tumbling as much as $2 a barrel overnight after Saudi Arabia deepened price cuts for U.S. customers. Concerns about Chinese and euro zone growth remain bearish themes for the commodity.
US crude fell 44 cents to $78.34 a barrel, and a break below $78.08 would take it to its lowest since June 2012.
Lower oil prices in turn weighed on gold, which was also hurt by the dollar's ongoing rally. Spot gold traded at $1,167.60 an ounce, in striking distance of a four-year low of $1,161.70 hit last week.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Abenomics sends equities soaringAbenomics sends equities soaring
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afa96bb8-63cf-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Macau casino takings slump again in OctoberAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Many blue-chips yet to reclaim their 2008-10 peaksAirtel
(Some of the prominent names…)
MUMBAI: India's benchmark stock indices — Sensex and Nifty —are recording new highs these days but shares of many large companies are still trading way below their all-time highs. As many as 50 large-cap shares with market capitalisation over Rs 10,000 crore are trading between 20 per cent and 90 per cent below their record highs hit during their peaks in 2008 or 2010, according to the data compiled by ET.
Some of the prominent names include Mukesh Ambani's RIL, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, DLF and Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) stocks including Reliance Communications , Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Infrastructure.
"Many traditional companies have not performed well in the past few years in terms of fundamentals. Some firms are struggling with high debt-equity ratios and their bottom-lines were not consistent," said G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO , Equinomics Research & Advisory.
Savvy investors have already moved from these stocks to sectors such as IT, pharma and consumer space. Out of the 50 stocks, 20 are trading between 50 per cent and 90 per cent below their highs, while another 20 are between 30 per cent and 50 per cent below their record levels. India's largest private sector company in terms of revenue, RIL closed Rs 1,001 on Monday, 38 per cent below its record high of Rs 1,626 touched on January 15 , 2008. RIL has returned 10 per cent in past one year as well as in the past five years. Sensex has gained 31 per cent and 81 per cent, respectively, during the same period. Bharti Airtel is trading 31 per cent below its October 2007 high of Rs 575. As of Monday, state-owned NTPC was nearly 50 per cent below its January 2008 high.
Reliance Group stocks have fared worse. Reliance Communications has plunged over 87 per cent from its January 2008 record high of Rs 844, Reliance Capital and Reliance Power are trading about 80 per cent below their respective alltime high stock prices. Reliance Infrastructure is down 75 per cent from record high. Reliance Group companies have seen their market capitalisation erode by over Rs 3 lakh crore since January 2008.
India's largest real estate player DLF has lost almost 90 per cent of its wealth since January 2008. Similarly, Jindal Steel, SAIL, NMDC, Neyveli Lignite, Adani Power are currently trading at least 70 per cent below their record highs.
Several retail investors have exited their investments in such stocks even at losses. In the past five years, 6.5 lakh retail investors have exited Reliance Industries .
Reliance Communications, Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Capital have seen exit of 4.1 lakh, 3.4 lakh and 2.68 lakh retail investors, respectively, in the past five years. Analysts said these stocks could start performing once the market moved into the next stage of the bull run.
"Different sectors will move at different stages. Many traditional stokes have performed well in the past one year, but they fell short of expectations or underperformed the broader market," said Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei soars to 7-year high on GPIF  BOJ euphoriaAfter months of uncertainty about the economic outlook amid weakening growth following a sales tax hike in April.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japan's Nikkei share average hit a seven-year high on Tuesday as investors gave a thumbs up to the Bank of Japan's unexpected move to ease policy further and the public pension fund's reallocation of assets to switch more funds to domestic stocks .
The Nikkei benchmark index climbed 2.7 per cent to 16,862.47, its highest level since 2007. The index surged 4.8 per cent on Friday, marking its biggest daily gain in eighteen months.
Turnover at the Tokyo Stock Exchange's main board hit 5.4 trillion yen, the second highest on record.
Financial and real estate shares outperformed the market, with Daiwa Securities surging 12.3 per cent. Nomura Holdings jumped 7.7 per cent and Tokyu Fudosan shot up 7.1 per cent.
The broader Topix added 2.6 per cent to close at 1,368.65, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 2.8 per cent, closing at 12,507.72.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Stimulus from Japan  Europe may push FII investment in equities by 200% in FY16Stimulus hopes from Japan & Europe may push FII investment in equities by over 200% in FY16
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 4, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Investors are betting that…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are well on track to scale new highs and with fresh money expected to arrive from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign investment in equities may rise from the present $14 billion to 24 billion by FY15 and possibly to $40-50 billion by FY16, which is a rise of 257%, say experts.
Investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to meet on 9 November, may announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD, Angel Broking .
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
The Bank of Japan on last Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of ArthVeda Fund Management feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn by FY16.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled over a 1200-point rally on the BSE Sensex so far in the month of October alone, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 and is trading marginally short of its next crucial level of 28000.
But why are the Indian markets so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
"In a scenario when the US was looking for exits in terms of its own QE and the fact that Japan has now announced its own package, it looks like several other developed countries who are still struggling with their economic growths will continue to do this competitive devaluation of their currency," says Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"So that is good for Indian equities as it will keep that easy money flowing. We stay constructed on Indian equities and, as I said, we have a target of 30,000 on the Sensex for FY15," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE  NSE  forex markets closed on MuharramBSE, NSE, forex and money markets closed for Muharram
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(BSE, NSE, forex, money markets,…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ), the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of " Muharram ".
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retail investors line up for equity MFs rise in Apr-SepRetail investors lining up for equity MFs rise in April-September
By M Allirajan, TNN | 4 Nov, 2014, 12.55PM IST
0
Share More
A strong rally in the equity market and the consequent rise in investors' interest led to the sharp increase in retail folios. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
COIMBATORE: Retail investors have returned to equity mutual funds (MF) in record numbers after a long hiatus. The equity category, which reported a consistent decline in retail folios for three years that lasted till the second half of 2013-14, posted a record addition of 4 lakh retail folios or investor accounts in April-September. Retail investor accounts stood at around 2.9 crore at the end of September, data with the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI) showed.
A strong rally in the equity market and the consequent rise in investors' interest led to the sharp increase in retail folios. The benchmark CNX Nifty gained 19% in April-September on hopes of economic reforms by the new government. At the aggregate level, however, retail folios fell marginally due to a decline in balanced fund folios.
Tenure-wise analysis of assets under management (AUM) across investor types and categories for the half-year ended September 2014 showed that 64% of retail AUM stayed in equity MFs for more than two years, higher than 62% seen in the preceding six months. Out of the Rs 1.72 lakh crore retail investments in equity-oriented MFs, Rs. 1.10 lakh crore continued for over 24 months. The HNI (high net-worth individuals or individuals investing Rs 5 lakh or more) segment posted 15% rise in aggregate folio base in the first half of 2014-15. Equity MFs were the major contributors to the increase. The category posted a jump of 46% or an addition of 1.56 lakh folios.
Retail folios in debt funds maintained the uptrend, which began in March 2009, in the second half of 2014-15. The category added 2.5 lakh retail folios in April-September compared to the addition of 2.61 lakh folios in the preceding six months. Retail folios in liquid funds saw their third consecutive half-yearly rise. The category added 19,179 folios taking the total to 2.41 lakh folios in the six months ended September.
Gold exchange traded funds (ETFs) posted their third consecutive half-yearly decline in the overall folio count. The retail segment saw closure of 21,557 folios to end at 4.68 lakh folios during the period compared to the closure of 35,013 folios in the preceding six months, data compiled by ratings agency Crisil showed.
Domestic gold prices as represented by the Crisil Gold Index dropped 5% in the six months ended September.. Retail investors, however, continued closing accounts in balanced funds, with the category reporting a sharp fall of 30.4% or 7.76 lakh folios.
Corporates continued to dominate MF AUMs with 47% share in September, down from 49% in March. HNIs were the second biggest contributors with 28% share. The retail segment's share in total MF AUM rose to 22% in April-September compared to 21% in the preceding six months.

AAP to seek majority win in Delhi Assembly elections: SisodiaAAP to seek majority win in Delhi Assembly elections: Sisodia
Delhi-Lahore bus service continues despite Wagah blastDelhi-Lahore bus service continues despite Wagah blast
Google Eyes Non-English Indian Users  Launches Voice Search in HindiGoogle Eyes Non-English Indian Users  Launches Voice Search in Hindi
Mangalam Drugs and Organics to hold board meetingMangalam Drugs and Organics to hold board meeting
Russia dismantles Steve Jobs memorial after Apple CEO Tim Cook comes out as gayRussia dismantles Steve Jobs memorial after Apple CEO Tim Cook comes out as gay
Naidu meets Governor over issues between AP  TelanganaNaidu meets Governor over issues between AP  Telangana
RallyON! Europe 2014 Highlights Agile as a Competitive AdvantageRallyON! Europe 2014 Highlights Agile as a Competitive Advantage
Air Pollution Harming India Grain Production  Says StudyAir Pollution Harming India Grain Production  Says Study
Congress welcomes fresh elections in DelhiCongress welcomes fresh elections in Delhi
BMW Q3 operating profit jumps 17%BMW Q3 operating profit jumps 17%
Reuters
Frankfurt, Nov 4:  
German luxury carmaker BMW AG said its third-quarter operating profit rose 17 per cent, ahead of forecasts.
Quarterly earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) came in at 2.26 billion euros ($2.82 billion), BMW said on Tuesday, well ahead of the 2 billion euros forecast in a Reuters poll.
Auto sales rose 6.9 per cent in the quarter, lifting BMW's automotive EBIT margin to 9.4 per cent, higher than the 8.6 per cent achieved by rival Mercedes-Benz Cars or the 9.2 per cent seen at Audi.
Between January and September, sales of new sportscars improved in all regions, including Europe, Asia and the US.
Sales of new models including the X5 sports utility vehicle helped BMW keep sales incentives down, keeping BMW's auto EBIT margin at the upper end of the company's target of between 8 and 10 per cent.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Nikkei hits 7-year high on BoJ  GPIF euphoriaNikkei hits 7-year high on BoJ, GPIF euphoria
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Nov 4:  
Japan’s Nikkei share average hit a seven-year high on Tuesday as investors gave a thumbs up to the Bank of Japan’s unexpected move to easy policy further and the public pension fund’s reallocation of assets to switch more funds to domestic stocks.
The Nikkei benchmark index climbed 2.7 per cent to 16,862.47, its highest level since 2007. The index surged 4.8 per cent on Friday, marking its biggest daily gain in eighteen months.
Financial and real estate shares outperformed the market, with Daiwa Securities surging 12.3 per cent. Nomura Holdings jumped 7.7 per cent and Tokyu Fudosan shot up 7.1 per cent.
The broader Topix added 2.6 per cent to close at 1,368.65, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 2.8 per cent, closing at 12,507.72.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Ebola crisis highlights China s philanthropic shortfallEbola crisis highlights China's philanthropic shortfall
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Nov 4:  
China has contributed over $120 million to fight the spread of the Ebola virus, but its billionaire tycoons - it has more than anywhere outside the United States - have, publicly at least, donated little to the cause, underscoring an immature culture of philanthropy in the world's second-biggest economy.
As the ranks of China's wealthy and the success of its corporations grow, donating to good causes has yet to take off in a significant way. China sits towards the bottom of the list of countries where people give money to charity, volunteer or help a stranger, according to The World Giving Index, compiled by the Charities Aid Foundation.
Donations to charities totalled 98.9 billion yuan ($16.1 billion) in 2013, according to Chinese government data, recovering from two straight years of declines. For comparison, Americans gave more than $335 billion, according to the National Philanthropic Trust website.
Many big Chinese companies have invested in Africa - China is Africa's leading trading partner - and some 200 operate in West Africa, where Ebola has been at its most lethal, killing close to 5,000 people. These include construction, infrastructure and telecoms firms such as Huawei Technology Co Ltd, China Henan International Cooperation Group and China Communications Construction Co Ltd.
A Huawei spokeswoman said Africa was an important market, but declined to comment on philanthropy or specific ventures in Ebola-hit countries. China Henan and China Communications Construction did not respond to requests for comment.
The World Food Programme (WFP) last month called on Chinese firms and tycoons to donate more to fighting Ebola. "No one's been willing to do anything big yet," said Brett Rierson, the WFP's China representative.
The Ministry of Commerce said Chinese firms and industry associations had pitched in to help transport medical equipment in the region and donated around $600,000 in cash, food, oil and motorcycles to local governments.
The state-owned China-Africa Development Fund plans to contribute $450,000 to Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone - the three countries most affected by the Ebola outbreak, said Fang Aiqing, vice minister of commerce.
ROADS, CLINICS
Charity experts say Chinese construction firms with projects in the worst affected regions could donate building materials and labour. "They could easily step in and say: 'we'll help you clear roads and put in emergency roads and clinics'," said Gary Rieschel, managing partner at Qiming Venture Partners. "If they put their shoulders behind moving some of the infrastructure for healthcare, they could be incredibly valuable."
Fang at the Ministry of Commerce said aid from Chinese firms should be led and coordinated by the government.
"They're unlikely to come forward independently and would assume the government, which does have experience in contributing for emergencies, will be better at knowing what to do," said Deborah Brautigam, director of the China Africa Research Initiative and a professor at Johns Hopkins University.
"They probably also wouldn't trust that cash donations to these governments would be used responsibly."
China's Foreign Ministry, though, said it was encouraging businesses operating in Africa to make their own contributions, but did not note any specific examples. "We encourage these companies to leverage their strengths and help these countries," Lin Songtian, director general of the ministry's Department of African Affairs told a briefing on Friday. "Chinese citizens in those countries have a responsibility to share their experience as long as they can do so while remaining safe."
Dudley Thomas, Liberia's ambassador to China, said his government was in talks with China-Union (Hong Kong) Mining Co Ltd, a unit of Wuhan Iron and Steel Group, and the China-Africa Development Fund, which facilitates investment, about possible donations. He said Liberia secured one donation of $100,000 from a large Chinese construction firm that has projects in the country, but few other contributions.
"China's involvement (in West Africa) has been increasing year by year, the share of their engagements is also becoming much bigger than before," said He Wenping, director of African Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. "I think companies should aid countries impacted by Ebola."
He said Chinese firms operating in West Africa and elsewhere in the developing world are generally more likely to contribute to relief for natural disasters, such as earthquakes and floods.
TRUST DEFICIT
Philanthropy may also have been slow to catch on in China as there's a lack of trust in non-profit groups after a string of scandals involving charitable donations, experts said.
"It certainly makes them more cautious," noted Rieschel, adding the Chinese government's lack of transparency in handling the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) just over a decade ago may have contributed to eroding trust. "At an individual level, when you look at how opaque the government was about SARS, there may be a tendency to say 'we don't trust any government when it comes to these things,'" he said.
In its latest Philanthropy List, released last week, the Shanghai-based Hurun Research Institute ranked Jack Ma, founder and chairman of Alibaba and China's wealthiest individual, top with donations of close to $2.4 billion. The report noted that most philanthropic money in China goes towards education, ahead of social services and disaster relief.
U.S. philanthropist Bill Gates wrote an editorial in the official People's Daily newspaper in April calling for Chinese businesspeople to give back to the poor, both at home and internationally. His Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has pledged $50 million to fight Ebola, while Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has said he is donating more than $100 million.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Michelle Obama bats for Ami BeraMichelle Obama bats for Ami Bera
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 4:  
Hours before the crucial US mid-term polls, Congressman Ami Bera’s re-election campaign got a shot in the arm with First Lady Michelle Obama appealing to voters in a California seat, where the Indian-American is locked in a tight contest, to vote for him.
Bera is the only Indian-American in the current Congress and third-ever person from the community to be elected to the US House of Representatives. He was elected from California’s seventh Congressional district with a thin margin in the 2012 general elections.
49-year-old Bera is facing a tough competition from Republican Doug Ose, a businessman who served three terms in Congress through 2005.
The high profile endorsement from Michelle Obama comes days after former US President Bill Clinton canvassed for Bera in his constituency. The two campaigns have given Bera a clear edge over Ose.
“Hi, this is Michelle Obama, and I’m calling because Barack and I are counting on you to support Ami Bera and the Democratic ticket this November 4,” she said in a recorded phone message.
“In an election this close, your vote is more important than ever before. We can’t risk having more out of touch folks coming to Congress, just because a handful of Democratic voters stayed home,” she said.
“Your vote for Ami Bera will make a real difference in supporting our President. And it will help us create good jobs, guarantee equal pay for women, and build better schools for all our children.
“You’ve been one of our reliable supporters in the past, and I hope you will make your voice heard again this year.
hanks so much,” Michelle said in the phone message which was released yesterday.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Dollar takes breather after surging to 7-year high against yenDollar takes breather after surging to 7-year high against yen
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore/Sydney, Nov 4:  
The dollar edged lower versus the yen on Tuesday, taking a breather after surging to a seven-year high the previous day in the wake of last week’s surprise monetary easing by the Bank of Japan.
The dollar fell 0.4 per cent to 113.55 yen. It rose to a high of 114.21 yen on Monday, its strongest level since December 2007 and nearing that month’s peak of 114.66 yen.
A divergence in the monetary policies of major central banks has helped lift the greenback, with the US Federal Reserve having just turned off its massive bond-buying programme, while the Bank of Japan jolted financial markets on Friday by deciding to expand its asset purchase programme.
BoJ's stimulus programme
The BoJ’s move has also sparked speculation that the European Central Bank would have to step up its policy easing measures, further underpinning the dollar.
“The market is taking a bit of a breather...but in terms of the direction, I think we’re still in the stage of testing how far it can go,’’ said Satoshi Okagawa, senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore, adding that the dollar could rise further against the yen by year-end.
US jobs data
While the dollar is likely to retreat against the yen if US jobs data due on Friday were to come in weaker than expected, any decline will probably prove to be a temporary setback for the US currency, Okagawa added.
The greenback had surged 4.4 per cent versus the yen on Friday and Monday combined as the yen slid after the BoJ unexpectedly ramped up its monetary stimulus.
“Investors who missed the initial move are positioning themselves for the next lurch higher, and calls for USD/JPY at 120.00 abound,’’ said Raiko Shareef, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand.
On Tuesday, however, the dollar took a pause from its rally, a move that traders attributed to profit-taking.
Dollar vs other currencies
Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar fell 0.2 per cent to 87.132, edging away from Monday’s peak of 87.406, which was the highest for the dollar index since June 2010.
The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.2519, regaining some footing in the wake of its drop on Monday to a two-year low of $1.2439.
The Australian dollar gained 0.5 per cent to $0.8723 , having bounced back from an intraday low of $0.8644, which was right near a four-year low of $0.8642 touched in early October.
The Aussie dollar extended its gains after Australia's central bank refrained from escalating its verbal campaign for a lower currency in its post-meeting statement on Tuesday. The Reserve Bank of Australia kept interest rates at a record low of 2.5 per cent as expected.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Xiaomi to invest $1 bn in TV content buildingXiaomi to invest $1 bn in TV content building
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Nov 4:  
China's Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd, the world's third-largest smartphone manufacturer, will invest $1 billion in television content building, the company said on its official Weibo microblog on Tuesday.
The investment is aimed at enriching the company's content and becoming a 'leading bellwether for the industry', Xiaomi said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Chinese firm bags Mexican rail contractChinese firm bags Mexican rail contract
PTI
Tweet
Mexico City, Nov 4:  
A consortium headed by China Railway Construction Corp Ltd has won the contract to build a high-speed inter-city rail line in central Mexico after submitting the only bid on the project.
Another Chinese firm, CSR Corporation Limited, and the Mexican companies Constructora y Edificadora GIA, GHP Infraestructura Mexicana, Prodemex and Constructora Teya are included in the consortium.
Mexico’s Communications and Transport Department announced the awarding of the contract, saying the train was expected to run at about 186 mph (300 kph) and serve 27,000 passengers per day.
The rail line will connect Mexico City with the north-central industrial hub of Queretaro, a distance of about 130 miles (210 kilometres).
It will cost about $3.7 billion and is expected to shorten travel times from about 2 ½ hours to less than one hour.
Potential bidders had been given only two months to put together a bid on the extremely complex project, and 13 companies asked for, but were denied, more time.
The government has pledged to revive passenger rail service, which was largely abandoned in a 1990s privatisation of the industry.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Cabinet may recommend holding of fresh polls in DelhiCentre clears dissolution of Delhi Assembly
A M Jigeesh
BJP, AAP spar over chief minister candidate
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
With the Union Cabinet endorsing the proposal by Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to hold fresh elections in the State, both the BJP and the AAP began a verbal war over the chief ministerial candidate. While the AAP said the next elections would decide who should be the Chief Minister — Arvind Kejriwal or BJP’s Jagdish Mukhi — the BJP retorted by saying it would fight the elections without a chief ministerial candidate. The Congress, while welcoming fresh elections, is yet to decide who will head its poll campaign.
As the Cabinet has recommended the dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, elections can be held within six months. There are indications that the elections will be held early next year.
Jung had recommended that the House be dissolved after meeting the three major parties — BJP, AAP and Congress — on Monday.
Thanking the Supreme Court for ensuring justice for the people, the AAP said it took more than eight months for the Centre and the LG to take a decision. Kejriwal said State BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar had created a formula of buying MLAs to make a government. “We defeated that formula not once, but four times,” he said.
The AAP leaders said the fight will be between Kejriwal and Mukhi, as the BJP has no credible face other than the latter. The party criticised the BJP for not projecting a CM candidate.
“Mukhi can’t win them the majority, so the leaderless BJP has no option but not to declare a CM candidate. The same BJP used to criticise the UPA for not declaring a PM candidate. This only proves that BJP and Congress are two faces of the same coin,” said an AAP statement.
When asked why this election will not be a contest between him and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Kejriwal quipped that it is because Modi would not resign as Prime Minister and contest Delhi elections.
Communal hatred
The AAP also accused the BJP of spreading communal hatred with an eye on the vote bank. “We shall resist this by the help of our ‘Aman Samiti’, which will try to bring together all religious groups and promote communal harmony,” the party said.
State BJP president Satish Upadhyay said his party will fight the elections collectively.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Gadkari: Old shipping laws need to be changedMadras chamber proposes integrated logistics ministry
T E Raja Simhan
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari
Chennai, Nov 4:  
A separate ministry for logistics that can integrate ports, railways, roads, airways and inland waterways was mooted by the Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
This will help in transport and shipping sector contribute at least 2 per cent to the country’s GDP, the chamber said in its presentation to Nitin Gadkari, Union Minister of Roadways, Highways and Shipping, on Monday.
J Krishnan, Chairman of the Logistics Committee of the chamber, in his presentation said that the two per cent target is somewhat understated, and it can be far more than that if an integrated logistics ministry is in place.
Unless a good infrastructure is in place, having an efficient Make in India programme, which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently, would be a big challenge, he said.
Inter ministerial rivalries and trust deficit between the Centre and states due to different political affiliations have remained a major roadblock for commissioning and complete major infrastructure projects.
To create a world-class infrastructure, a holistic approach needs to be adopted. In the Indian context, ministries controlling infrastructure are road, rail, air, shipping, industry and different state governments.
Railways focuses on passenger movement, while the National Highways Authority of India and ports do not enter into pre-planning consultations. As the project progresses, bottlenecks emerge and disrupt the progress of the projects, Krishnan said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Gold rate slips again in Mumbai on renewed sellingAfter a modest rebound over the weekend, gold prices dropped again at the domestic bullion market today following fresh bouts of profit-taking as well as poor local buying support in the face of bearish overseas sentiment.
Silver, on the other hand, continued its uninterrupted downtrend amid sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) declined by Rs 80 to end at Rs 25,985 per 10 grams from last Saturday’s closing level of Rs 26,065.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) shed by Rs 85 to finish at Rs 26,130 per 10 grams compared to Rs 26,215 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped by Rs 120 to conclude at Rs 36,850 per kg against the weekend level of Rs 36,970.
The US Fed’s decision to end its years long bullion- friendly bond buying programme has led to investors dumping gold and accumulating equities, a bullion trader said.
Last week, the yellow metal lost over 4.58 per cent to hit a 15-month low, while silver slumped more than 6 per cent.
Globally, the shiny metal remained under intense selling pressure, stretching its losing streak to a fourth session on the back of upbeat US macro data as well as stronger dollar which hit a four-year peak against major currencies, hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
Last week, both the precious metals sank to their lowest levels since 2010 following a massive sell-off unleashed by panic-striken speculators and funds.
Spot gold was bid lower at USD 1,172.26 an ounce during the European morning trade, while silver was bid at USD 16.09 an ounce.
More from commodities

Europe set to shrug off Japanese rallyStocks cool as crude hits multiyear lows
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b18590-63cc-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chimp app aims to cut alcohol abuse  obesityNovember 4, 2014 12:54 am
Chimp app aims to cut alcohol abuse
Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9be4f76-634a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank s robot to sell Nescafe coffee makersSoftBank's humanoid robot lands job as Nescafe salesman
Chang-Ran Kim     Tokyo    Last Updated: October 29, 2014  | 18:53 IST
SoftBank Corp's human-like robot named 'pepper' is displayed at its branch in Tokyo June 6, 2014. Photo: Reuters
Nestle SA will enlist a thousand humanoid robots to help sell its coffee makers at electronics stores across Japan, becoming the first corporate customer for the chatty, bug-eyed androids unveiled in June by tech conglomerate SoftBank Corp .
Nestle has maintained healthy growth in Japan while many of its big markets are slowing, crediting a tradition of trying out off-beat marketing tactics in what is a small but profitable territory for the world's biggest food group.
The waist-high robot, developed by a French company and manufactured in Taiwan, was touted by Japan's SoftBank as capable of learning and expressing human emotions, and of serving as a companion or guide in a country that faces chronic labour shortages.
Nestle said on Wednesday it would initially commission 20 of the robots, called Pepper, in December to interact with customers and promote its coffee machines. By the end of next year, the maker of Nescafe coffee and KitKat chocolate bars plans to have the robots working at 1,000 stores.
"We hope this new type of made-in-Japan customer service will take off around the world," Nestle Japan President Kohzoh Takaoka said in a statement.
Nestle did not say how much it was paying for Pepper, which SoftBank has said would retail for 198,000 yen ($1,830). The robot is already greeting customers at more than 70 SoftBank mobile phone stores in Japan.
Among Nestle's most successful Japan-only initiatives is the Nescafe Ambassador system, in which individuals stock coffee pods and collect money for them at their offices in exchange for free use of machines and other perks. Nestle wants half a million "ambassadors" by 2020 - nearly quadruple the number now - as it expands into museums, beauty salons and even temples.
The Japanese unit has also developed hundreds of KitKat flavours including wasabi and green tea, and this year rolled out a KitKat that can be baked into cookies.
(1 US dollar = 108.1400 Japanese yen)
(Reuters)

What Virgin Galactic Crash Means For Space Tourism IndustryVirgin Galactic Crash Casts Doubt On Viability Of Space Tourism Industry
 | By                                                                SETH BORENSTEIN
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Fiery failures are no stranger to the space game. It's what happens when you push the boundaries of what technology can do, where people can go. And it happened again to Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
In the past decade, the space industry has tried to go from risky and government-run to routine private enterprise — so routine that if you have lots of money you can buy a ticket on a private spaceship and become a space tourist.
More than 500 people have booked a flight, including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and little known space scientist Alan Stern.
But it all depends on flying becoming safe and routine. This week hasn't helped.
Three days after a private unmanned rocket taking cargo up to the International Space Station blew up six seconds into its flight, a test flight of SpaceShipTwo exploded Friday over the Mojave Desert with two people on board.
The developments reignited the debate about the role of business in space and whether it is or will ever be safe enough for everyday people looking for an expensive 50-mile-high thrill ride.
"It's a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon," said John Logsdon, retired space policy director at George Washington University. "There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand."
The question for space tourism might be, "if it survives," Logsdon said. But he thinks its momentum in recent years will keep it alive.
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson expressed the same view Saturday after arriving in Mojave, California, to meet with the project workforce reeling from the accident.
"We would love to finish what was started some years ago, and I think pretty well all our astronauts would love us to finish it, love to go to space," he said. "Millions of people in the world would love to one day have the chance to go to space."
Federal estimates of the commercial space industry —only a little of it involving tourism — exceed $200 billion. NASA is counting on private companies such as SpaceX and Orbital Sciences to haul cargo to the space station. They are also spending billions to help SpaceX and Boeing build ships that will eventually take people there, too.
Internet pioneers Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos have gotten into the space game. Aviation entrepreneur Branson and others are pushing a billion-dollar space tourism industry.
The Virgin Galactic and Orbital accidents have nothing in common except the words private space, Stern said. Still it raises issues about the space industry.
Some experts said they worry that private industry may just not be as safe as the government when it comes to going into space.
Jerry Linenger, a former astronaut who narrowly survived a 1997 fire on the Russian space station Mir, said private industry lacks the experience and the advocates for safety that NASA had when he was launching into space. He pointed to former moonwalking astronaut John Young, who NASA encouraged to raise safety issues and slow things down.
Watching the Orbital Sciences accident on Tuesday, Linenger said, "it was blatantly obvious that it is a dangerous operation that is very nearly on the edge," yet private companies talk of doing it better, faster and cheaper. Then they find out that was naive, he said.
American University space policy professor Howard McCurdy, who wrote the book "Space and the American Imagination," said NASA in the 1990s and private companies tout lean management to get things done faster, better and cheaper in space. But he said that leaves no margin for error and "is like flying an airplane without a qualified pilot. You really need to do it right."
McCurdy pointed to all the Silicon Valley whiz kids in space and worried that they come with the same Microsoft attitude of pushing a product out and fixing it on the fly.
"I'm not sure that works for rocket ships," McCurdy said. "That may work for cellphones, smartphones and computer programs."
With space, he said, "you're working much closer to the edge."
Logsdon said he wouldn't fly on commercial space flights now, but Virgin Galactic customer Alan Stern said he had no qualms about it: "Let's not be Chicken Littles," he says.
He recalled the early days of aviation or the early days of jet test piloting in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, when people died pushing the boundaries of technology.
McCurdy said the private space industry seems to be having the same growing pains and failures that NASA and the military had when the first astronauts watched a rocket blow up in front of them.
It seemed that in the first five years of U.S. rockets, one blew up every other week, but it wasn't quite that bad, said Roger Launius, associate director of the National Air and Space Museum. This week seems a lot like those old times, he said.
Launius wonders if the public will support private efforts despite the visible failures, and can the for-profit companies tolerate the risk that comes with space and accidents. Orbital's stock price has dropped 13 percent since Tuesday's accident.
For Stern the answer is obvious.
"I want to be part of the opening of this future frontier," the former associate administrator of NASA said. "I want to make that better future a reality.
"No frontier has been one without the risk of life and limb," he added. "I stand with the brave pioneers of space who do this for all mankind."
___
Seth Borenstein can be followed at http://twitter.com/borenbears
Also on HuffPost:

Suicide attack kills 55 at Wagah border in Pakistanpicture  others
Suicide attack kills 55 at Wagah border in Pakistan
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
A woman comforts a man mourning for their relative killed in a bomb explosion at a local hospital in Lahore.  (Source: AP/PTI)
The explosion hit near the checkpoint at the Wagah border crossing as hundreds of people were returning from a military parade on the outskirts of Lahore, provincial police chief Mushtaq Sukhera said.
A child injured in a bomb explosion receives initial treatment at a local hospital in Lahore, Pakistan, Sunday. (Source: AP/PTI)
Both the Pakistani and the Indian military conduct daily parades and flag-flying ceremonies on their respective sides of the border. The events draw crowds of hundreds, a number that would rise into the thousands on a weekend like Sunday.
A Pakistani man wounded in a suicide bomb attack, reacts to the camera after received first aid in hospital in Wagah border, near Lahore November 2, 2014.  (Reuters)
The death toll was likely to rise because over 100 people were wounded, with several in critical condition, Sukhera said.
A Pakistani mourns the death of a relative who was killed in a suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore November 2, 2014.  (Source: Reuters)
Police are investigating the bombing, and had intelligence reports in advance that there could be such a blast in the city, he added.
Pakistani relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border. (Source: Reuters)
Dr. Khurram Shahzad at private Ghurki Trust hospital said that there were 10 women and seven children among the dead, and eight members of a single family. He said several of them had multiple critical wounds.
A Pakistani man comforted by others while mourning the death of a relative who was killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore November 2, 2014.  (Source: Reuters)
Live TV footage on private Pakistani news channels showed people drenched in blood and crying in pain as they were evacuated to hospitals. At the hospitals, relatives of the dead cried and beat their chests and heads. "My brothers, my two brothers," private Geo News TV showed a man wailing. "They both are dead."
A Pakistani woman cries while looking for the body of a relative who was killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore November 2, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
All the officers said they did not know what the target could have been. Javed, the paramilitary official, said the bomber exploded hardly 500 meters away from the checkpoint manned by the paramilitary troops.
Pakistani relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore November 2, 2014.  (Source: Reuters)
Security has been increased in all major Pakistani cities to thwart possible attacks on minority Shiite Muslims observing Ashura, a 10-day ritual to commemorate the death of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad.
Pakistani relatives mourn the death of a relative who was killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore November 2, 2014.  (Source: Reuters)
A woman mourns over a body of a relative who was killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Bank of India Q2 net profit rises 26% at Rs 786 croreBank of India Q2 net profit rises 26 per cent at Rs 786 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 15:43 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-run Bank of India (BoI) on Monday reported 26.41 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 786 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The bank had a net profit of Rs 621.77 crore in the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Interest income of the bank rose to Rs 11,093 crore during the quarter, up 20 per cent from Rs 9,239 crore in the year-ago period, BoI said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) as a percentage of total advances stood at 3.54 per cent, against 2.93 per cent in the same quarter of 2013-14.
Net NPAs stood at 2.32 per cent at the end of September 2014.
The bank's provisioning declined during the quarter to Rs 953 crore from Rs 1,232 crore in the year-ago period.
Total income of the bank increased to Rs 12,099.45 crore in this quarter from Rs 10,339.55 crore in the corresponding quarter of previous fiscal.
Shares of BoI were trading 0.44 per cent up at Rs 286.65 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE.

Black money probe signals large scale a/c inheritanceLarge-scale account inheritance emerges in black money probe
PTI     New Delhi/ Berne   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:25 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have 'unaccounted' wealth parked in the Swiss banks.
Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank.
While Switzerland has agreed to provide 'prompt' assistance to India and reply to information requests in a time-bound manner, the Indian authorities are conducting their own probes before approaching the Swiss government.
The due diligence of names accessed by Indian government through various sources, including the so-called HSBC list shared by the French government, has found that many such accounts have been "inherited" by their current owners from their parents, other family members or now-defunct trusts and companies that were set up years ago.
While the exact number of such accounts could not be ascertained, sources said that there are "quite a few" such accounts on which India is seeking further details from the Swiss authorities.
Switzerland, long accused of being a safe haven for illicit funds, last month promised to extend all necessary assistance to India and reply to requests for information in a "time-bound" manner, or at least provide a reason for denial.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such 'secret' information, a Swiss Finance Ministry spokesperson recently told PTI from Berne that authorities from the two countries are having "regular contacts on bilateral tax matters", but refused to comment on particular cases citing 'confidentiality' clause of the Swiss-India tax treaty.
The government last week gave to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank, on which probe for suspected black money is underway.
While this list was given in 'sealed envelopes', three other names were made public a day earlier as prosecution had been launched against those persons.
There has been a debate on whether disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011.
This agreement is in line with international standards and provides for exchange of information on request.
The list of 627 persons with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank was received by India from the French government, while it had earlier got another list of Indians with suspected black money accounts from Germany.

Rupee falls four paise against dollarRupee falls four paise against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 18:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Indian rupee on Monday depreciated by four paise to close at 61.40 against the Greenback on moderate dollar demand from importers, amid some hesitancy in equities.
A better dollar overseas also weighed on the rupee while sustained capital inflows restricted the rupee fall.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 61.50 a dollar from its previous close of 61.36. It moved in a range of 61.3750 and 61.5550 before concluding at 61.40, a fall of 4 paise or 0.07 per cent.
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex , after logging its all-time peak, closed down by a mere over 5 points. FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth $310.50 million last weekend as per Sebi data. On Monday, they bought a net Rs 1,413.34 crore.
The dollar index was trading up by 0.03 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Rupee traded range-bound and ended almost flat near previous close. It is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 61.80."
In the forwards market, premium dropped on fresh receipts from exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in April dipped to 226.5-228.5 paise from previous close of 233.5-235 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in October, 2015 also dropped to 443.5-445.5 paise from 456-458 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4118 and for the Euro at 76.6665.
The rupee held stable against the pound to end at its previous closing level of 98.23 while rose to 76.71 per euro from 77.22 per euro. It improved further to 54.14 per 100 Japanese yen from 54.95.

Army chooses new top enlisted leaderBy Dan Lamothe November 3 Follow @danlamothe
Command Sgt. Maj. Daniel A. Dailey will serve as the sergeant major of the Army, taking over in January as the service’s top enlisted leader, Army officials said Monday.
Dailey joined the Army as an infantryman in 1989, and deployed once during the Persian Gulf War as a junior soldier in 1990 and 1991 and four times during the Iraq War. He will succeed Raymond F. Chandler III on Jan. 30, serving as the primary enlisted adviser for Army Secretary John McHugh and Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond T. Odierno.
Command Sgt. Maj. Daniel Dailey will serve as the next sergeant major of the Army, the service announced Monday. (Photo courtesy U.S. Army)
“Command Sgt. Maj. Dailey epitomizes the competence, character and commitment we require of our Soldiers and Leaders,” Odierno said in a statement. “I have every confidence in his ability as a visionary leader to help guide our Army through this time of great complexity and rapid change — he is a trusted Army Professional.”
Dailey has served since August 2011 as the command sergeant major at the Army’s Training and Doctrine Command at Fort Eustis, Va. The organization has an influential role in the Army developing policy and preparing soldiers for future missions.
“I’m passionate about the Army, and I’m passionate about taking care of Soldiers,” Dailey said. “This is truly a humbling opportunity.”
Dailey first became a sergeant major in August 2004, and served as the top enlisted adviser for an infantry unit — 1st Battalion, 8th Infantry Regiment, of Fort Carson, Colo. — in Iraq from 2005 to 2006. He moved up to become the sergeant major for Fort Carson’s 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division and deployed to Iraq from late 2007 to early 2009.
In March 2009, Dailey was selected as the command sergeant major for 4th Infantry Division at Carson, and deployed to Iraq as the command sergeant major for U.S. Division-North, as the United States prepared to end its long military role there. Odierno served as the top U.S. officer in Iraq in the same time frame, from September 2008 until September 2010.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Brent slips towards $84 | Gold struggles nea...Brent edges down towards $84 as Saudi's US price cuts weigh
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 10.03AM IST
The cut hammered oil prices on Monday as it underscored Saudi efforts to fight for market share in the world's largest oil consumer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude fell below $84 a barrel on Tuesday, extending losses to a fourth session after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut prices to the United States.
The cut hammered oil prices on Monday as it underscored Saudi efforts to fight for market share in the world's largest oil consumer while raising prices to Asia and Europe.
The absence of signs that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could curb output in a well supplied market also continued to weigh on sentiment.
A global supply glut along with slack demand has pushed down the oil benchmark more than 27 per cent from this year's peak in June.
Front-month Brent was down $1.19 at $83.59 a barrel by 0726 GMT after hitting a more than two-week low of $83.51 intraday. Brent dropped $1.08 on Monday, its biggest daily loss in nearly two weeks.
US December crude declined $1.18 to $77.60 a barrel. It was also down for a fourth consecutive session, hitting a session low of $77.55, its weakest since June 2012.
"This bold move (to cut prices) signalled Saudi Arabia's intention to fight for US market share and could even show their intention to squeeze US shale producers," said Daniel Ang, an investment analyst from Phillip Futures, in a note.
"This price cut clearly reiterates the fragile state of the crude market now as major players try to survive in this oversupplied market."
NO SUPPORT FOR PRICES
The West Texas Intermediate could fall further towards the 2012 low of $77.28 and Brent should weaken correspondingly, Ken Hasegawa , a commodity sales manager at Newedge Japan, said.
"There's just plenty of supply and production is still strong in the US, while demand is not so huge. If they still cannot export, the upside (for prices) is limited," Hasegawa said.
There is a growing lobby in the United States to lift a 40-year ban on US crude exports which if successful could ease the supply glut in the Atlantic Basin.
Hasegawa said OPEC's inaction amid the deepening oil rout meant prices had yet to find a floor.
"OPEC is silent on any production cuts. If they still keep this attitude, there's no clear level of support (for oil prices)," he said.
The oil cartel will meet on Nov. 27 in Vienna to discuss its oil output targets for next year.
Members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but OPEC's secretary general indicated the production target next year would not vary much from 2014.
And, while OPEC is concerned about the drop in oil prices, a United Arab Emirates oil minister said the cartel is "not panicking."
OPEC members Iran and Kuwait have said a cut in output at the next meeting was unlikely. Saudi Arabia has yet to comment publicly.
The stronger dollar was also weighing on oil prices, making the commodity more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
But the greenback retreated slightly from four-year highs versus a basket of currencies on Tuesday, taking a breather after its recent rally.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Black money: Govt to go after uncooperative ...You are here: Home > Collections
Income Tax department may pass ex parte order against overseas account holders
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
HSBC India
(The government has pledged…)
NEW DELHI: The income-tax department could pass ex parte orders against overseas account holders who don't cooperate or appear before the authorities as it rushes to complete investigations in five months.
"We could look at ex parte assessment orders," said a government official familiar with the matter. The government has pledged to the Supreme Court that it will meet a March 2015 deadline for completing assessments of 627 account holders.
These names figure in the list passed on to the apex court last week after the latter insisted the government do so. The list was given to the Special Investigation Team inquiring into the matter, although the government is said to have already done so anyway in June.
Apart from the aforementioned deadline, the cases will become time-barred by March when a six-year limit runs out, which means the tax authorities won't be able to take any action or raise tax demands after that date.
Hence, the need to consider drastic action in the event of delaying tactics on the part of account holders. Prosecution, however, can still be initiated for non-disclosure of bank accounts.
Ex parte or best-judgement assessment orders are passed when a taxpayer does not cooperate or present himself despite being given several opportunities to do so by the authorities. However, it's up to the authorities concerned to make sure they have a strong case, else such orders could get struck down.
"Proper procedures have to be followed for an assessment to stand the test of judicial scrutiny," said an income-tax official.
In case an assessee does not have assets and recovery cannot be carried out, tax authorities have the option of getting passports and visas revoked.
The Narendra Modi government is committed to fighting black money, sending out a strong message to the authorities dealing with such cases that there cannot be any letup, officials have said. The prime minister reiterated his determination to get funds illegally stashed overseas back to India in his radio address on Sunday.
The government's efforts got a boost last month when Switzerland agreed to provide information in respect of account holders regarding whom India can establish that independent investigations have been carried out. Switzerland had denied requests for information before this, saying the names of account holders were derived from stolen data. The list given to the Supreme Court largely contains names of account holders given to India by the French authorities.
Having to give the names to the court has clouded the issue of disclosure norms that are inherent in global and bilateral treaties and whether this would weaken India's ability to accede to such accords even though the country has been a champion of such information exchange.
As part of the ongoing investigation, the tax authorities have also received information from HSBC India in select cases where assessees have come forward and owned up to the accounts.
If the tax authorities can establish a linkage between accounts and funds that are unaccounted for, holders could find themselves in trouble.
"Taxpayers will find it difficult to contest if they have not extended cooperation to tax authorities despite several opportunities given," said Sunil Jain, partner at law firm J Sagar & Associates.
However, Jain said tax officials will have to ensure that the case is sound and that ex parte orders were passed only after lack of cooperation. The establishment of the Special Investigation Team at the behest of the apex court to closely monitor cases on black money could make it more challenging for non-cooperative taxpayers, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tis the season ... all year long'Tis the season ... all year long
By Rex Huppke, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
Halloween Thanksgiving National Retail Federation
Merry Christmas, everyone!
I say that not because I've lost my calendar -- or my mind -- but for the simple fact that the week of Halloween is now, effectively, the beginning of Christmas.
The elongation of what was once quaintly known as "Dec. 25" has been going on for quite some time, with American businesses and consumers stretching the holiday like confectioners pulling peppermint taffy. It now spans from the week before Halloween to the end of December, proving that, if nothing else, Christmas has remarkable tensile strength. (Tinsel strength?)
I'm aware of this shift in holiday timing because I have eyes that work and have noticed many retail outlets suffering from what was once considered premature hall-decking. At a home-improvement store recently (I won't name names, because it would be rude to call out the people at Lowe's during Christmas), I had to find a box of nails in what appeared to be a forest of artificial pine trees overrun by an army of affable, inflatable penguins and Santas on motorcycles.
0
It seems people used to gripe about Christmas decorations popping up before Thanksgiving. Now you can't go to Target to buy a bag of Halloween candy without risk of impaling yourself on the rack of a 48-inch LED-lit animated yard reindeer.
If you enter a Starbucks so much as one second after Oct. 31, they'll shove a peppermint stick in your ear, imprint an alt-country version of a popular Christmas carol on your brain and eggnog latte you into submission.
Had we been more mindful, we might have seen this coming.
Decorations for the non-Christmas holidays have grown increasingly advanced. People hang red, white and blue lights in their bushes to celebrate Independence Day and plunk fat, inflatable turkeys on their lawns before Thanksgiving. At Halloween, houses are now strung with creepy orange and purple lights and bushes are covered in synthetic spider webs.
It used to be that Christmas was the primary holiday for extravagant decorations. Now we're seeing garish decor-creep, with other holidays utilizing the festooning technology once reserved for Yuletide cheer.
America's holidays are being Christmas-ized. Which can lead to only one logical conclusion: We will soon be a nation that celebrates one year-long holiday that never stops.
It may just be called "Christmas." (Sorry, people of other faiths.) Or perhaps the name will be massaged with an eye toward inclusiveness: Valeneaster the Fourth of Hallowgiving Christkwanzanukkah Day-Year-Eve.
There are several reasons to embrace this inevitable change.
1) We will no longer have to complain about neighbors who never take down their Halloween/Thanksgiving/Christmas decorations.
2) Continuous Christmas is the right thing to do from the standpoint of capitalism. According to the American Research Group, the average American spent a whopping $801 on Christmas gifts last year. Compare that to Halloween spending -- $75 per person last year, according to the National Retail Federation -- and it's clear which holiday wins. And don't even get me started on Thanksgiving. According to the American Farm Bureau Federation, last year's average cost for a 10-person Thanksgiving feast was $49.04. The only thing keeping that holiday afloat is political pressure from the turkey industrial complex.
3) The Bible does not give the exact date Jesus Christ was born. Some religious scholars have said that because the biblical story describes shepherds tending their flocks at night, it's meteorologically unlikely the birth was in December. I'm no theologian, but it's pretty clear Jesus was born sometime between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31. Might as well celebrate the whole year and call it good.
The transition from a multi-holiday culture to a mono-holiday culture will require some tweaking of traditions, of course, but I'm sure we'll soon be used to having a holiday without end. If you don't believe me, try to go buy some Halloween candy. And watch out for those fake deer antlers. They're festively pointy.
(Rex Huppke is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune and a noted hypocrisy enthusiast. You can email him at rhuppke@tribune.com or follow him on Twitter at @RexHuppke.)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Factory Activity Expands at a Modest Pace in October: PMIMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Bangalore: Indian factory activity expanded at a modest pace in October, as stronger demand led manufacturers to add jobs for the first time in four months and allowed them to raise prices, a business survey showed on Monday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, rose to 51.6 in October from 51.0 in September. The index has now been above the 50 level that indicates an expansion in activity for a year.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC.
The new orders sub-index rose to 53.0 from September's 51.3 on robust overseas demand that helped push output higher. That prompted manufacturers to add jobs for the first time since June.
The improvement in activity allowed companies to increase prices charged slightly, even as the cost of raw materials rose at their slowest pace in 17 months.
The increase in output prices will likely nudge overall inflation higher and may prompt the Reserve Bank of India to keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term.
"This trend (rising output prices) could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture," Neumann said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Fiscal Deficit Target of 4.1% Challenging But Achievable: CitigroupNomura Upbeat on India, Sees FY15 GDP Growth at 5.5%
New Delhi: Fiscal reforms such as subsidy rationalisation and GST could help the government meet its fiscal consolidation goal of 3 per cent fiscal deficit by financial year 2017, says a Citigroup research report.
Besides, the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target for the current financial year is "challenging but achievable", the report said.
"While the FY15 targets are challenging, recent steps on fuel reforms, coupled with austerity measures, could enable the government to meet its 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit estimate," it said.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of budget estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit -- gap between government expenditure and revenue -- has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
To reduce the fiscal deficit to the 7-year low level, the government had announced a slew of austerity measures aimed at cutting non-plan spending by 10 per cent. According to Citigroup, such an initiative "could lead to an expenditure cut of Rs 400 billion or 0.3 per cent of GDP".
As per the austerity measures, the government has banned first class air travel for bureaucrats, meetings in five-star hotels and purchase of cars. It also decided to freeze new appointments.
"Over the medium term, fiscal reforms such as subsidy rationalisation, Goods and Services Tax, expenditure commission review could enable the government meet its fiscal consolidation goal of a 3 per cent fiscal deficit by FY17," the report noted.
The government had put in place a fiscal consolidation roadmap as per which the fiscal deficit has to be brought down to 3 per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 15:02 (IST)

True Lies  Actress Lists Mountaintop Retreattrue lies  actress lists mountaintop retreat
AstraZeneca Q2 Loss Widens to Rs 27 CrYou are here: Home Corporates
AstraZeneca Q2 Loss Widens to Rs 27.96 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 22:11 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Drug firm AstraZeneca on Monday reported a net loss of Rs 27.96 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014.
The company has posted a net loss of Rs 1.22 crore for the corresponding period a year ago.
AstraZeneca's total income from operation during the quarter under review was at Rs 114.67 against Rs 115.66 crore in the second quarter of the last fiscal, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said that the result was not comparable as AstraZeneca group companies had acquired the global diabetic business of Bristol Myers Squibb Company.
Consequent to the acquisition, it had entered into a consignment sale agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb India for a transition period from February 1, 2014, to May 31, 2014, after which the company is directly selling these products.
Shares in AstraZeneca, on Monday, ended at Rs 912.15 apiece on the BSE, up 4.85 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:17 (IST)

RBI to Sell Rs 10 000-Crore Government BondsNTPC Hits Foreign Debt Market With $500 Million Issue: Report
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India said on Monday that it would sell Rs 10,000 crore government bonds through open market operation (OMO) to mop up liquidity from the system.
"On an assessment of current and evolving liquidity conditions, Reserve Bank has decided to conduct sale of government securities under Open Market Operations for an aggregate amount of Rs 10,000 crore on November 5 through multi-security auction using the multiple price method," the RBI said in a statement.
There is an overall aggregate ceiling of Rs 10,000 crore for all the securities in the basket put together, it said.
The apex bank also said it would decide on the quantum of sales of individual securities.
The RBI would have option to accept bids for less than the aggregate amount of Rs 10,000 crore.
As part of the OMOs, the RBI will sale government securities maturing in 2017 (bearing interest rate of 8.07 per cent), 2021 (8.79 per cent), 2022 (8.08 per cent) and 2027 (8.28 per cent).
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 21:30 (IST)

A Look at Virgin Galactic s Feathering TechnologyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Infosys Pulls Out of Development Centre Project in BengaluruYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys Pulls Out of Development Centre Project in Bengaluru
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 01:17 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Infosys, India's second largest software services firm, has pulled out of a proposed software development centre project to be set up near Bengaluru citing lack of infrastructure in the country's 'Silicon Valley'.
It has also asked the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) to refund the deposit for land it has paid. Infosys has taken the step citing lack of infrastructure at the 1,000-acre IT park to pursue its business plans.
"The company has conveyed its intention to surrender the land citing lack of infrastructure," Infosys said in a regulatory filing.
Further, Infosys has reiterated that this does not in any way affect the operations or performance of the company, it added.
The Bengaluru-based firm had plans to build a development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park. Its main campus at Electronic City in Bengaluru has 26,000 seats.
Infosys had proposed setting up a 20,000-seat facility at the new campus, according to its original proposal to the government. In June 2010, KIADB allotted 40 acres to Infosys, which requested for an additional 60 acres.
Infosys, however, decided to exit after it noticed dismal progress on the infrastructure front.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 23:43 (IST)

Mauritius assures help in SITs black money probePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Port Louis | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:43 am
Mauritius on Monday conveyed to the Indian government that it was ready to support its Special Investigation Team (SIT) to unearth black money. This was conveyed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration and International Trade Arvin Boolell during a meeting here, the External Affairs Ministry spokespe-rson said. On its part, India is working on the inclusion of Mauritius in the group of countries to be listed in its Visa-on-Arrival scheme, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said on Monday.
On black money, Boolell conveyed that the country will take measures to ensure it remains “jurisdiction of repute”.  India has concerns that Mauritius, which is one of the top sources of foreign direct investments into the country, is being used for round-tripping of funds. Round-tripping is usually referred to routing of domestic investments through Mauritius to take advantage of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between the two countries.
“Between August 2013 and August this year, we have received requests in as many as 97 cases for the exchange of information with Indian authorities and we have already provided banking information and other financial details to them in 85 per cent of these cases,” M Rawoteea, Head Analyst at Ministry of Finance, Mauritius had told PTI earlier.
Meanwhile, at the inauguration of the International Conference on Indentured Labour Route Project here, Swaraj said, “Mauritius was the first and largest recipient of indentured labour from India, and is home to the Aapravasi Ghat, a spiritual and emotional shrine to the memory of these brave souls.” Swaraj, who is here on a three-day visit, assured full support for the Indentured Labour Route Project.
Praising the Indian community around the world, Swaraj said, “We have granted lifetime visa-free access to India to all PIO card-holders. We are also working on the inclusion of Mauritius in the next group of countries to be included in our Visa-on-Arrival scheme.”

IBM names Martin Jetter head of global tech ...IBM names Martin Jetter head of global technology services unit
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 10.22AM IST
0
Share More
IBM, the world's largest tech services company, is struggling to keep up with shifts in the industry as hardware becomes increasingly commoditized. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
International Business Machine Corp named Martin Jetter as senior vice president and head of its global technology services unit, effective immediately.
Jetter, who currently heads IBM's operations in Japan, will initially report to Erich Clemanti and will succeed him as head of the services unit on Jan. 1, when Clemanti will move to another senior leadership role, according to an internal IBM memo seen by Reuters.
"Martin has led a remarkable transformation of IBM Japan , returning it to growth - as he did previously as our leader of IBM Germany and GBS in Europe. In each case, he and his team have moved quickly to embrace new approaches and new thinking," IBM CEO Ginni Rometty wrote in the note.
IBM, the world's largest technology services company, is struggling to keep up with shifts in the industry as hardware becomes increasingly commoditized. The company, once best known for mainframe computers, has been pivoting to higher-margin businesses such as security software and cloud services, but growth in those areas has failed to offset weakness elsewhere.
Last month, IBM paid $1.5 billion to Globalfoundries to take over its loss-making semiconductor unit.

Japan s Nikkei Gains  Other Markets SubduedThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Asian mobile apps challenge Apple  Google  ...'Asian mobile apps challenge tech giants like Apple, Google'
By PTI | 4 Nov, 2014, 09.58AM IST
To support its market and R&D work, Singapore-based Clone Algo is raising USD 250 Million at a valuation of USD 11 billion while Line has similar placement plans, according to banking sources.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Asian-origin mobile applications LINE, YAY and WeChat are posing challenges to technology giants Apple , Facebook , Google and other telecoms carriers, cutting into their market shares, according to a Singapore -based firm.
These social messaging services have become alternatives and offer more options for product advertisers, providers of goods and services and mobile apps , said Nakul Gupta, the Chief Technology Officer at Clone Algo group.
New inventions allow Tencent Holdings' WeChat users to book taxis, top up phone credit, while Clone Algo's YAY App users are able to talk and chat free besides being able to apply for online for micro loans and use Clone Algo trading algorithms.
Highlighting some of the latest achievements of these applications, Gupta said that in Thailand, Naver Corp's LINE broke all records recently through a "flash sales via its app" with more than five million users signing up to buy lipsticks and other products.
Companies marketing these services are further strengthening their product lines and marketing through acquisitions and raising funds for more research and development work, he said.
Rakuten Inc has acquired messaging company Viber for USD 900 million to gain further ground in the market place.
To support its market and R&D work, Singapore-based Clone Algo is raising USD 250 Million at a valuation of USD 11 billion while Line has similar placement plans, according to banking sources.
Recently launched YAY had difficulties in penetrating some of the smaller emerging markets because of the lack of scale or distribution infrastructure.
"But with the launch of YAY Micro loans, the service can now penetrate markets with our digital businesses," said Gupta of the Clone Algo.
All these service providers are competing for market share especially the billions of mobile phone users around the globe and especially the ever increasing numbers of mobile-savvy consumers in India and China.
Over 50 per cent of the active smart phones are on these user-friendly apps, which has already replaced the traditional short messages or SMSes.
"The market has become very attractive," said Gupta, pointing out that some companies have built a base of over 10 million per app. YAY, LINE, KakaoTalk and WeChat have emerged as some of the most popular in Asia with their offers of mixes of chat, downloadable icons and loans.
Though not ignorant of the challenges, the big players are not in a position to challenges the newcomers who are usually dominant in their domestic markets - YAY in India and Middle East, LINE in Japan, KakaoTalk in South Korea and WeChat in China.

Warburg-backed Quest buys 84% stake in NeSTThe acquisition will be taking Quest's total strength to 6,850. About 4,500 of these employees are in India, 1,350 in the US and 1,000 in Europe.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Warburg Pincus-backed Quest Global Engineering has acquired an 84% stake in NeST Software , the engineering and embedded services business of Kochi-based NeST Group, for slightly over Rs 500 crore.
Bangalore-based Quest provides engineering outsourcing services to clients that include Rolls Royce, GE, Pratt & Whitney and Airbus. The NeST deal will bolster Quest's revenue by about Rs 300 crore and also give the Warburg Pincus-backed company a significant start in the healthcare domain. Investment bank o3 Capital advised on the transaction.
The acquisition will add 1,900 employees, taking Quest's total strength to 6,850. About 4,500 of these employees are in India, 1,350 in the US and 1,000 in Europe.
Most of Quest's India employees are in Bangalore and Belgaum, and that of NeST in Thiruvananthapuram.
Quest said its revenue in the year ended March 2014 was $251 million (Rs 1,500 crore) and expects that to grow organically — excluding NeST — to $290 million (Rs 1,740 crore) this year.
The sale will see NeST, a $200-million enterprise founded by Silicon Valley entrepreneur Jawed Hasan, staying focused on hardware, manufacturing and R&D domains.
Quest clinched the deal pipping private equity investor Kedaara Capital, who was seen as a front-runner in the deal-making till three months ago. Kedaara, founded by former Temasek honcho Manish Kejriwal and General Atlantic MD Suneesh Sharma, had done extensive diligence work on the transaction before dropping out.
"It was a hard-fought battle for us," said Ajit Prabhu, who founded Quest together with long-time friend and colleague Aravind Melligeri in 1997.

Delhi L-G recommends dissolution of assembly  fresh polls likely in FebUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

Clashes break out in Srinagar over killing of youths in armyfiringBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:54 pm
Clashes broke out today between protestors and security forces in Nowgam area of the city over killing of two youths in army firing in Budgam district of Kashmir even as authorities imposed restrictions on the movement of the people as a precautionary measure to maintain law and order.
Groups of youth started pelting stones at police personnel posted on law and order duty in Nowgam area minutes after the two deceased youth – both local residents – were laid to rest, police said.
Cops used tear smoke shells to chase away the protestors but intermittent clashes were going on in the area, the police said. So far there were no reports of any one getting hurt in the clashes.
Two youth were killed and two others injured, who were travelling in a car, when they were fired upon by army personnel in Chattergam area of Budgam district at 5 PM yesterday.
The army had claimed that the youths did not pay heed to signals to stop at three barriers set up by security forces.
“Three motor vehicle check points were established along the route to nab the militants. The car in which these youth were travelling did not stop at two check points when they were flagged down. They even broke through the third barrier at Chattergam leading to the security forces opening firing on them,” Army said in a statement.
The Army has ordered a court of inquiry into the incident to ascertain the facts even as it regretted the loss of lives in the incident.
Police also has lodged an FIR into the incident and started investigations.

Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter Indian army: USIndian Army
(Referring to the attack…)
WASHINGTON: In a blunt assessment of terrorist safe havens in Pakistan, the Pentagon has told the US Congress that the country is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military.
"Afghan-and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India's superior military," the Pentagon told the Congress in its latest six-monthly report on the current situation in Afghanistan.
"These relationships run counter to Pakistan's public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as the primary irritant in Afghan-Pakistan bilateral relations," the Pentagon said in the report running into more than 100 pages.
Referring to the attack on the Indian Consulate in Herat, the Pentagon said this was done just ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
"In May of this reporting period, the Indian consulate in Herat Province was attacked by a group of four heavily armed militants. The attack came three days prior to the swearing-in of the new Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack," it said.
"In June, the US Department of State announced that the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba was responsible for the attack. Following the attack, former Afghan President Karzai denounced the attack and made strong statements supporting relations with India," the report said.
The Pentagon informed the Congress that India continues to support Afghanistan, believing a secure and stable Afghanistan will benefit the region and facilitate economic corridors into Central Asia.
"India and Afghanistan signed a strategic partnership declaration in 2011, which formalised cooperation on governance, economics, commerce, education, public administration, and security and law enforcement," it said.
Subsequent engagements are reinforcing the positive relationship between Afghanistan and India, the report said.
"India supports a variety of high-visibility projects and initiatives in Afghanistan. These ventures are focused primarily on major infrastructure projects, including electricity generation and transmission, road construction, and mining," it said.
"India has shown increased interest in Afghan security assistance, though activities in this area remain limited. India currently offers India based training to ANSF personnel across a number of specialties and the Indian government committed to expand this programme. India does not provide direct military support or training in Afghanistan," the Pentagon said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII flows into Indian market to rise by 200% thanks to stimulus from Japan  EuropeStimulus hopes from Japan & Europe may push FII investment in equities by over 200% in FY16
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 4, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Investors are betting that…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are well on track to scale new highs and with fresh money expected to arrive from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign investment in equities may rise from the present $14 billion to 24 billion by FY15 and possibly to $40-50 billion by FY16, which is a rise of 257%, say experts.
Investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to meet on 9 November, may announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD, Angel Broking .
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
The Bank of Japan on last Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of ArthVeda Fund Management feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn by FY16.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled over a 1200-point rally on the BSE Sensex so far in the month of October alone, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 and is trading marginally short of its next crucial level of 28000.
But why are the Indian markets so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
"In a scenario when the US was looking for exits in terms of its own QE and the fact that Japan has now announced its own package, it looks like several other developed countries who are still struggling with their economic growths will continue to do this competitive devaluation of their currency," says Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"So that is good for Indian equities as it will keep that easy money flowing. We stay constructed on Indian equities and, as I said, we have a target of 30,000 on the Sensex for FY15," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blue-chips yet to reclaim their 2008-10 peakAirtel
(Some of the prominent names…)
MUMBAI: India's benchmark stock indices — Sensex and Nifty —are recording new highs these days but shares of many large companies are still trading way below their all-time highs. As many as 50 large-cap shares with market capitalisation over Rs 10,000 crore are trading between 20 per cent and 90 per cent below their record highs hit during their peaks in 2008 or 2010, according to the data compiled by ET.
Some of the prominent names include Mukesh Ambani's RIL, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, DLF and Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) stocks including Reliance Communications , Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Infrastructure.
"Many traditional companies have not performed well in the past few years in terms of fundamentals. Some firms are struggling with high debt-equity ratios and their bottom-lines were not consistent," said G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO , Equinomics Research & Advisory.
Savvy investors have already moved from these stocks to sectors such as IT, pharma and consumer space. Out of the 50 stocks, 20 are trading between 50 per cent and 90 per cent below their highs, while another 20 are between 30 per cent and 50 per cent below their record levels. India's largest private sector company in terms of revenue, RIL closed Rs 1,001 on Monday, 38 per cent below its record high of Rs 1,626 touched on January 15 , 2008. RIL has returned 10 per cent in past one year as well as in the past five years. Sensex has gained 31 per cent and 81 per cent, respectively, during the same period. Bharti Airtel is trading 31 per cent below its October 2007 high of Rs 575. As of Monday, state-owned NTPC was nearly 50 per cent below its January 2008 high.
Reliance Group stocks have fared worse. Reliance Communications has plunged over 87 per cent from its January 2008 record high of Rs 844, Reliance Capital and Reliance Power are trading about 80 per cent below their respective alltime high stock prices. Reliance Infrastructure is down 75 per cent from record high. Reliance Group companies have seen their market capitalisation erode by over Rs 3 lakh crore since January 2008.
India's largest real estate player DLF has lost almost 90 per cent of its wealth since January 2008. Similarly, Jindal Steel, SAIL, NMDC, Neyveli Lignite, Adani Power are currently trading at least 70 per cent below their record highs.
Several retail investors have exited their investments in such stocks even at losses. In the past five years, 6.5 lakh retail investors have exited Reliance Industries .
Reliance Communications, Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Capital have seen exit of 4.1 lakh, 3.4 lakh and 2.68 lakh retail investors, respectively, in the past five years. Analysts said these stocks could start performing once the market moved into the next stage of the bull run.
"Different sectors will move at different stages. Many traditional stokes have performed well in the past one year, but they fell short of expectations or underperformed the broader market," said Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold  silver likely to trade lower  copper may riseNaveen Mathur
Non-Agri Commodities  
Global markets traded mixed in the last fortnight as the US Fed's decision to wind up its bond buying programme acted as a boost for equities wherein the Dow Jones gained by around two per cent. Equities in the euro zone and Japan traded lower due to weak sentiment, acting as a negative factor.
The Indian rupee appreciated by around 0.6 per cent on account of inflow of foreign funds in debt markets and hopes for more announcements of reforms by the government.
In the non-agricultural commodities space, spot gold prices traded negative last fortnight as rallying equity markets and strong US economic data dented demand for the precious metal as an insurance against risk. Sales of new US single-family homes rose to a six-year high in September, but a sharp downward revision to August's sales pace indicated the housing recovery remains tentative. Gold's loss was also triggered by a stronger dollar. The dollar was up by more than one per cent in the previous fortnight on strong third-quarter US economic growth and worries the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner than expected. Follow-through selling continued in the gold market a day after the US central bank gave upbeat comments about US economic growth and ended its year-long, bond-buying stimulus programme. In a reflection of investor sentiment, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, said its holdings fell 1.2 tonnes to 742.40 tonnes, a six-year low.
Spot silver prices in the international markets declined and traded at the lowest level in more than four-and-a-half years. Decline in the yellow metal also acted as a negative factor. Strength in the dollar index on account of good economic data exerted downside pressure. Overall, spot silver prices declined by around 2.5 per cent while MCX silver prices fell more than four per cent.
During the last fortnight, LME Copper prices jumped by 1.6 per cent largely as supply disruption concerns came to the fore after Indonesia's Grasberg copper mine, one of the world's biggest, is running at around two-thirds capacity because of a 30-day strike starting November 6. Further, workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Antamina, plan to start an indefinite strike from Nov. 10. In addition, global miner Southern Copper has revised down its forecast for its copper output next year by 9.8 per cent. However, the Federal Reserve ended QE3 despite global turmoil, thereby strengthening the dollar index and leading to a fall in metal prices. Also, gain in the LME stock by more than three per cent restricted sharp gains. MCX copper prices fell by 1.1 per cent in the last 15 days.
 
WTI oil prices lost around two per cent in the past fortnight, extending a rout of losses in recent weeks. Oil markets are battered by news that Iraq increased its oil supply in October, while Libya's output remains high, despite instability in both countries. There are no signs that OPEC members will cut oil production to rescue prices when they meet in Vienna on Nov. 27. OPEC secretary general Abdullah al-Badri said the group would stick to its production target of 30 million barrels per day (bpd). Among global economies, only the United States is on the mend. Data showed the US economy grew 3.5 per cent in the third quarter, topping market estimates for a three per cent rise. On the MCX, crude prices lost around 1.5 per cent
Outlook
We expect gold and silver prices to trade lower in the coming fortnight as growth in the US GDP has raised optimism in the economy as a whole and the expectations of rise in interest rates sooner or later will act as a negative factor for prices. Investment sentiment also remains low as seen in the decline in holdings in the SPDR Gold Trust, exerting downside pressure.
Crude markets are bothered by ample supplies from the OPEC as well as from the US. Low demand from the euro zone and China will act as a negative factor for prices.
Base metals are likely to trade mixed as investors will remain cautious ahead of manufacturing data from China. Also, strength in the dollar index will keep a control on prices. Copper prices in particular are likely to trade higher on speculation that planned strikes at mines in Indonesia and Peru may disrupt supplies.
Agricultural Commodities
 
Recent rains in various parts of India due to cyclone Hudhud on the east coast has damaged various kharif crops which were ready for harvest. This may also lead to delay in sowing of rabi commodities. These factors, along with festive season buying led most agricultural commodities to witness a bounce back in prices over the last fortnight.
According to data from the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the cumulative rainfall for the season till October 29 was 59.4 mm, 24 per cent below the normal of 77.8 mm. According to the Ministry of Agriculture, sowing of rabi crops till October 24 stands 5.59 per cent up at 30.24 lakh ha compared with 32.03 lakh ha last year.
On the regulatory front, the regulator has revised minimum initial margin of guar gum and guar seed. The regulator also imposed additional margins on castor seed. NCDEX has modified specifications of Barley, Chana, Mustard seed and Chilli.
The CCEA also declared the minimum support prices of rabi crops for the 2014/15 season. The increase has been marginal in almost all commodities.
The edible oil complex bounced back sharply from lower levels last fortnight. Soybean gained 7.1 per cent on crop damage concerns due to rains in the soy belt and higher overseas markets while mustard seed gained 2.4 per cent tracking higher soybean and demand for mustard oil. CPO and refined soy oil gained 4.1 per cent and 3.9 per cent, respectively on festive demand and positive global edible oil prices.
In the spices complex, jeera was the biggest gainer with 2.7 per cent returns on good export demand. Turmeric traded on a positive note and gained 2.8 per cent on crop damage due to cyclone Hudhud and festive buying. Coriander declined 0.8 per cent on profit taking and declining demand at higher levels. Expectations of better sowing this year also kept under check.
Among softs, sugar traded on a flat note with a positive bias and gained 0.6 per cent. Festive demand and lower level buying lent support to prices at lower levels. However, huge carryover stocks, ample supplies and bearish sentiment in the global markets capped the gains and kept prices under check. Cotton lost 0.4 per cent over the last fortnight. Prices remained weak on expectations of bumper output in India. Global demand concerns also kept prices under check. Lower level buying and short covering, however, supported prices at lower levels.  
Chana futures traded on a bullish note over the last fortnight on improved demand and festive buying and settled 7.7 per cent higher.
Outlook
In the coming fortnight, we expect agricultural commodities to remain mixed to positive. Crop damage concerns due to the cyclone and delayed sowing of rabi crops may support prices. Delayed harvesting may also lend support to the prices. However, overall expectations of a higher output and increased sowing may cap the upside. Also, supply and arrival pressure as the movement of arrivals will pick up pace in the days to come will also keep some downside pressure on the prices.

DLF seeks Sebi nod to redeem Rs 1600 cr from MFsDLF seeks Sebi nod to redeem Rs 1600 cr from MFs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 21:43 IST
Real estate firm DLF on Monday sought Sebi's approval to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from its mutual fund investments as it is facing a three-year ban by the market regulator from accessing the capital market.
According to sources, the Delhi-based developer has made the request through an affidavit submitted to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The submission of the affidavit, which seeks to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from the total MF investments that the company has, follows a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, is expected to pronounce its interim order on the affidavit on Wednesday. The final hearing on the matter will begin on December 10.
At the last hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the timeframe, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT had further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
When contacted, DLF refused to comment on the matter, saying the issue is sub-judice. Its senior counsel Janakdwarka Das, too, declined to comment.
The sources, however, confirmed the company has submitted the affidavit for permission to redeem Rs 1,600 crore with the details of funds it needs till December 31, as directed by the tribunal.
On October 14, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.

DoT re-looking at ways for telcos to sell biz seamlesslyDoT re-looking at ways for telcos to sell biz seamlessly
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 3:  
The Department of Telecom is taking a fresh look at formulating an exit policy that will enable loss-making companies transfer their businesses to an existing player without procedural hassles.
“The DoT is firming up a policy for spectrum trading and sharing but even this cannot be an answer to having an exit policy. We are now looking at allowing a player to transfer its business to a stronger player, including all approvals and permissions granted within the licences,” said a DoT official.
In 2012, the department had wanted to formulate an exit policy but telecom regulator TRAI had shot down the move.
Besides the exit policy, the DoT has listed 15 other issues that need immediate direction, including the dispute relating to 3G roaming deals, the definition of rural districts for fulfilment of the 3G and 4G rollout obligation, and revenue separation by broadband players.
A committee headed by the DoT Secretary has been formed to find solutions for these outstanding issues, which could throttle the telecom sector if left unresolved for too long.
Exit challenge
As of now the only way for an operator to exit the market is by either surrendering licences or by going through the merger and acquisition route.
While the former does not allow the exiting player to recover investments sunk in the business, the rules around M&A make it very tough for anyone to sell out. Operators such as Tata Teleservices and Aircel have been looking to find a suitable buyer for over a year now without much success, primarily because of the existing rules.
Although they continue to operate in the market with fresh funds pumped in by promoter companies, they find themselves locked in.
This situation is not only bad for such telecom companies but also for the overall industry, as spectrum resources currently with these players could have been better utilised had they been able to exit.
Under the existing policy, when an operator acquires the operations of another player, it has to seek fresh permission and authorisations. This can disrupt services, as the clearances take time to come through.
The most recent example is Loop’s agreement to transfer its mobile users in Mumbai to Airtel, which is still awaiting DoT clearance with less than a month to go for the licence to expire.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

iBall WQ149: Another 2-in-1 with Intel and Microsoft inside for Rs21 999iBall WQ149 is priced at Rs 21,999
By: Tech Desk | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:46 am
iBall has tied up with Intel and Microsoft to launch the WQ149, 10.1 inch device that can go seamlessly from a tablet to a PC. iBall claims it has the performance of a tablet and versatility of a laptop.
The WQ149 runs the latest Windows 8.1 operating system and is powered by a Intel Atom Z3735D (2M Cache, up to 1.83 GHz) Processor with 2GB RAM. It comes bundled with a magnetic pogo pin keyboard with touch pad and cover. The 2-in-1 comes with 32 GB built-in storage expandable up to 64 GB.
It has a 10.1-inch 1280×800 IPS WXGA screen and a 5MP auto-focus rear camera with flash along with a 2MP front camera.
Priced at a best buy of Rs 21,999, the tablet will come with a Microsoft Office license and 1 TB OneDrive cloud storage for a year.

BMW Q3 up as SUV demand outpaces electric carsBMW Q3 up as SUV demand outpaces electric cars, Mini
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 10.09PM IST
Sales of BMW branded cars rose 6.9% in the quarter, as demand for X1, X4 and X5 sports utility vehicles helped to lift BMW's automotive EBIT margin to 9.4%.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: BMW AG has quietly throttled back its expectations for car sales this year, despite reporting a forecast-beating operating profit in the third quarter, when strong demand for sports utility vehicles helped offset lacklustre sales of electric cars.
While BMW Group is sticking to its goal of selling more than 2 million cars this year, Chief Financial Officer Friedrich Eichiner on Tuesday said BMW now expected a "solid" increase in sales in 2014, backtracking from an earlier forecast of expecting a "significant" increase.
Asked to clarify a company spokesman said a "significant" increase equates to a per centage sales rise in the high single-to low double-digit range, while "solid" is below that.
BMW's shares reversed earlier gains following the remarks, trading 2.9 per cent lower at 82.78 euros by 1456 GMT, the leading decliners on Germany's blue-chip DAX index which was flat.
Last year BMW Group, which includes the Mini and Rolls-Royce brands, sold 1.964 million cars. But the economic outlook has darkened in recent months. In September alone, sales in Russia fell 27 per cent, slowing growth momentum.
"We have to focus on profitability," Eichiner said, explaining that the Bavarian firm was willing to forego some volume sales for the sake of protecting its margins.
BMW has bet big on electric vehicles and small city cars such as the Mini. But it was gas-guzzling SUVs such as its biggest offroader, the X5, which helped boost BMW's sales and margins in the third quarter.
BMW has a broader range of SUVs than its competitors, including the current BMW X1, X3, X4, X5 and X6 models which make up 30 per cent of its sales, a factor that has helped it retain the crown of largest-selling premium auto maker.
Last year BMW led the pack among the German premium auto makers, selling 1.65 million BMW-branded cars worldwide. Volkswagen's Audi was next at 1.57 million and Daimler in third place, selling 1.47 million Mercedes-Benz branded cars.
In the last three months sales of BMW-branded cars rose 6.9 per cent, as demand for X1, X4 and X5 vehicles helped lift operating margins for BMW cars to 9.4 per cent -- above the 8.6 per cent achieved by rival Mercedes-Benz Cars and the 9.2 per cent seen at Audi.
Quarterly earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT ) rose 17 per cent to 2.26 billion euros ($2.8 billion), above the average forecast of 2 billion euros given in a Reuters poll of analysts.
"BMW continues to deliver very strong earnings and the outlook for the rest of this year remains very encouraging in our view," analysts at Evercore ISI said in a note.
Net profit, however, slipped 1 per cent to 1.31 billion euros, below the 1.35 billion-euro average forecast. BMW said this was due to a higher tax bill and a writedown on the value of its stake in carbon fibre manufacturer SGL Carbon.
Between January and September sales of new BMW-branded sportscars improved in all regions, despite a 7.5 per cent slide in the Mini brand and lower sales of BMW 3-series cars.
Page 1 of 2

Great US shale boom: Crashing oil and rising rates can make it scary!You are here: Home > Collections > Energy
Crashing oil prices and rising interest rates make this a scary chart
Business Insider Nov 4, 2014, 12.52PM IST
Tags:
(Crashing oil prices to soon…)
By Sam Ro
Technological advances in hydraulic fracturing has fueled what some call the Great American Shale Boom. Oil and natural gas extracted from shale basins has left the US flush with energy.
However, it's not cheap to tap these so-called unconventional plays.
In other words, crashing oil prices will soon make many of these energy sources money-losing projects. Morgan Stanley estimates the average breakeven oil price for these US plays to be around $76-$77 per barrel. Goldman Sachs puts that number at closer to $75.
To make matters more complicated, many of these energy companies are financing their operations by borrowing in the junk bond market.
"As oil prices have fallen recently, so have prices of high-yield bonds," Charles Schwab's Collin Martin wrote in October.
"Oil prices can have a broad impact on the high-yield bond market because energy corporations have been increasing their share of the high-yield bond market. Today, energy companies make up more than 15% of the Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield Bond Index. That's up from less than 5% of the index at the end of 2005-and the chart below shows that the share has been steadily increasing over the past decade."
If the price of oil can't cover production expenses and/or force these companies to idle their operations, then you could expect a rise in delinquencies and defaults.
Even worse, this comes as interest rates are broadly expected to go higher from here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are miserable days for business aircraft ind...You are here: Home > Collections > Aircraft
Are miserable days for business aircraft industry over?
New York Times Nov 4, 2014, 01.31PM IST
Tags:
(In the lower-cost end of…)
By Joe Sharkey
At the convention of the National Business Aviation Association in Orlando, Florida, last month, it seemed that happy days were not quite here again, but at least the miserable days that hit the business aircraft industry in 2009 appeared to be waning.
In its annual forecast, Honeywell estimated that 650 to 675 new business jets would be delivered to customers this year, a slight increase over the total for last year and an indication that the industry was continuing a slow recovery since sales plummeted after the peak year, 2008, when 1,139 business jets were delivered.
Back in the boom years, sales of business jets were spread over a wide range, from light and midsize planes to large-cabin, so-called heavy metal jets that can span the globe. In recent years, the market share for the smaller corporate jets dropped, while "the strong desire for larger-cabin aircraft with greater range and advanced avionics" has been dominant, said Brian Sill, the president for business and general aviation at Honeywell Aerospace.
Scott Neal, senior vice president for worldwide sales and marketing at Gulfstream Aerospace, said, "The one thing we've heard loud and clear from our G650 operators is that they want speed." Gulfstream had airplanes among the 100 sleek business aircraft on display at the Orlando Executive Airport, about 15 miles from the convention center.
After Gulfstream began delivering its top-of-the-line G650s in 2012, a three-year waiting list formed for orders, along with a robust resale market in which some buyers flipped their order positions at a profit. The G650, which can reach 92 percent of the speed of sound and can fly nonstop from New York to Hong Kong, costs about $65 million - but a buyer then needs to spend millions more to have the cabin outfitted.
In mid-October, Gulfstream announced that it was introducing two new large-cabin, long-range models - a $43.5 million G500 and a $54 million G600, which can carry up to 18 passengers each. The first G500 delivery is expected in 2018 and the first G600 delivery in 2019.
Overall, the business-aviation industry insists it sees reason for optimism. Even the market for midsize and smaller jets is picking up "for the first time in several years," Honeywell said in its report. Last week, the General Aviation Manufacturers Association reported that worldwide deliveries of all general-aviation aircraft - ranging from single-engine piston planes to the big-ticket business jets - rose 4 percent during the first nine months of this year.
Big definitely is selling. In the first nine months of this year, seven Boeing Business Jets, which are corporate variants of the Boeing 737 commercial airliner and cost $71 million to $96 million, were delivered - compared with five in that period last year.
In the lower-cost end of the business-aircraft market are hardworking turboprop airplanes, whose overall sales are off slightly this year from last year. But within this niche, sales are rising for the bigger, multiengine turboprop models - nearly all of which are manufactured in the United States. They are especially popular with regional companies wishing to fill air-service gaps between smaller cities that have opened as the commercial airlines shrink schedules to small and midsize markets. They require only a single pilot, not two pilots as jets do.
Textron, whose aviation division includes the Cessna and Hawker brands, recently purchased Beechcraft Corp., which manufactures the popular twin-engine King Air 200 and 300 model turboprops. The purchase will enable Textron "to offer a broader selection of aircraft," the chief executive, Scott C. Donnelly, said when the sale closed in March. In the first nine months of this year, 72 new King Air turboprops were delivered, compared with 59 in that period in 2013.
As business aviation struggles for more traction, the industry constantly pushes back against public perceptions that business planes are mere luxuries for fat-cat corporate executives. Actually, the industry says, 85 percent of business-aircraft owners are small or midsize companies that use the planes mainly to fly teams of workers, often between communities with limited commercial service.
 
The industry also pushes back hard against assertions that the safety record is poor for private aviation - which had 896 accidents with 293 fatalities in the United States in the first eight months of this year, compared with 936 accidents and 302 fatalities in that period in 2013, according to the National Transportation Safety Board. Those statistics include general-aviation aircraft, from single-engine propeller planes flown by weekend enthusiasts or small businesses to big company jets.
Five days after the convention ended, the National Business Aviation Association president, Ed Bolen, released a letter denouncing a series of investigative articles in USA Today critical of the industry's safety record - which, Bolen asserted, citing National Transportation Safety Board data, "is the strongest it has ever been."
Two days later, on Oct. 30, a Beechcraft King Air B200 twin-engine turboprop crashed after takeoff into a building at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport in Kansas. The crash killed the pilot and three people in the building, which housed a training center for FlightSafety International, a flight-safety training company.
The plane, built in 1999 and owned by a convenience store chain in Pennsylvania until it was sold to Beechcraft in early October, was en route for a repainting and cabin-interior refurbishment in Mena, Arkansas, about 300 miles away. The pilot reported that he had "lost an engine" just before crashing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent slips below $84 | Gold struggles near ...Brent edges down towards $84 as Saudi's US price cuts weigh
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 10.03AM IST
The cut hammered oil prices on Monday as it underscored Saudi efforts to fight for market share in the world's largest oil consumer.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude fell below $84 a barrel on Tuesday, extending losses to a fourth session after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut prices to the United States.
The cut hammered oil prices on Monday as it underscored Saudi efforts to fight for market share in the world's largest oil consumer while raising prices to Asia and Europe.
The absence of signs that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could curb output in a well supplied market also continued to weigh on sentiment.
A global supply glut along with slack demand has pushed down the oil benchmark more than 27 per cent from this year's peak in June.
Front-month Brent was down $1.19 at $83.59 a barrel by 0726 GMT after hitting a more than two-week low of $83.51 intraday. Brent dropped $1.08 on Monday, its biggest daily loss in nearly two weeks.
US December crude declined $1.18 to $77.60 a barrel. It was also down for a fourth consecutive session, hitting a session low of $77.55, its weakest since June 2012.
"This bold move (to cut prices) signalled Saudi Arabia's intention to fight for US market share and could even show their intention to squeeze US shale producers," said Daniel Ang, an investment analyst from Phillip Futures, in a note.
"This price cut clearly reiterates the fragile state of the crude market now as major players try to survive in this oversupplied market."
NO SUPPORT FOR PRICES
The West Texas Intermediate could fall further towards the 2012 low of $77.28 and Brent should weaken correspondingly, Ken Hasegawa , a commodity sales manager at Newedge Japan, said.
"There's just plenty of supply and production is still strong in the US, while demand is not so huge. If they still cannot export, the upside (for prices) is limited," Hasegawa said.
There is a growing lobby in the United States to lift a 40-year ban on US crude exports which if successful could ease the supply glut in the Atlantic Basin.
Hasegawa said OPEC's inaction amid the deepening oil rout meant prices had yet to find a floor.
"OPEC is silent on any production cuts. If they still keep this attitude, there's no clear level of support (for oil prices)," he said.
The oil cartel will meet on Nov. 27 in Vienna to discuss its oil output targets for next year.
Members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but OPEC's secretary general indicated the production target next year would not vary much from 2014.
And, while OPEC is concerned about the drop in oil prices, a United Arab Emirates oil minister said the cartel is "not panicking."
OPEC members Iran and Kuwait have said a cut in output at the next meeting was unlikely. Saudi Arabia has yet to comment publicly.
The stronger dollar was also weighing on oil prices, making the commodity more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
But the greenback retreated slightly from four-year highs versus a basket of currencies on Tuesday, taking a breather after its recent rally.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

NRIs pin their hopes on Haley  Bera and KhannaAmi Bera
(The results of the elections…)
WASHINGTON: More than two dozen Indian-Americans are in electoral fray for the crucial US elections, but all eyes would be on three young leaders --South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley , Congressman Ami Bera and Ro Khanna , who have made a mark in the country's politics.
The results of the elections will start flowing from tomorrow morning. The three million small but strong India-American community has pinned its hope on Haley, Bera and Khanna.
The elections range from State governorship to the House of Representative, state legislatures and city council seat.
Topping the list is Nikki Haley, who is seeking her second term as Governor of South Carolina.
A rising Republican star, top leaders of the party including several presidential hopefuls - former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, the New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal Indian have campaigned for her.
If opinion polls are to be believed, she is all set for her re-election. In fact, she is so confident of her victory that Haley has already planned for her maiden trip to India as South Carolina Governor soon after here electoral win.
Political pundits say, her re-election would bring her on national platform.
Of the four Indian-American Congressional candidates, three - Bera and Khanna from California, Manan Trivedi from Pennsylvania - are from the Democratic Party, while Arvin Vohra from the Maryland is seeking entry into the House of Representatives on a Libertarian Party ticket.
Bera, a physician by profession, was elected to the House of Representatives in 2012, making him only the third Indian-American Congressmen after Dalip Sing Saund and Bobby Jindal.
Bera, who had won the 2012 elections on a small margin, on Monday received a last minute boost to his campaign with the First Lady, Michelle Obama, recording a phone call in his favor.
Last week, former US President Bill Clinton had campaigned for him. On the eve of the elections, Bing predicted Bera of 62 per cent chances of winning the elections.
Nationwide, all eyes would be glued on one young Democratic leader, Khanna, who has hired services of the Obama re-election campaign to challenge his own partyman Mike Honda from 17th Congressional District of California, which is the hub of the Silicon Valley.
In the closing days of the campaign, latest opinion polls showed Khanna and Honda were running neck and neck, with the latter having an edge over the Indian-American.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII flows into Indian market to rise by 200% thanks to stimulus from Japan & EuropeStimulus hopes from Japan & Europe may push FII investment in equities by over 200% in FY16
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 4, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Investors are betting that…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are well on track to scale new highs and with fresh money expected to arrive from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign investment in equities may rise from the present $14 billion to 24 billion by FY15 and possibly to $40-50 billion by FY16, which is a rise of 257%, say experts.
Investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to meet on 9 November, may announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD, Angel Broking .
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
The Bank of Japan on last Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of ArthVeda Fund Management feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn by FY16.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled over a 1200-point rally on the BSE Sensex so far in the month of October alone, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 and is trading marginally short of its next crucial level of 28000.
But why are the Indian markets so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
"In a scenario when the US was looking for exits in terms of its own QE and the fact that Japan has now announced its own package, it looks like several other developed countries who are still struggling with their economic growths will continue to do this competitive devaluation of their currency," says Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"So that is good for Indian equities as it will keep that easy money flowing. We stay constructed on Indian equities and, as I said, we have a target of 30,000 on the Sensex for FY15," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Packaging summit in Hyderabad from Nov 6Packaging summit in Hyderabad from Nov 6
PTI
Hyderabad, Nov 4:  
A two-day national summit on ‘Packaging Tomorrow’ will be held here from November 6.
The event, which is being organised by the Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP), aims to provide an insight into the recent developments in the field of packaging of food, pharmaceutical and consumer products, IIP Director N C Saha told reporters here today.
“Growing competition and changing dynamics of presentation of product packs and packaging have even a greater and more contributory role to play.
“The packaging industry has risen to the occasion to provide enhanced functionality, design, style and safety leading to development of newer functional materials, processes, machinery and systems. The summit is being organised in this background,’’ Saha explained.
The meet will be inaugurated by Telangana IT Minister K T Rama Rao.
Over 300 delegates, packaging experts and representatives from industries are expected to participate in the summit, he said.
The global annual turnover of packaging industry is estimated at about $550 billion, wherein India’s share is about $24.6 billion, Saha said.
He said the annual growth rate of this sector is about 15 per cent and it is expected that the annual turnover of Indian packaging industry will touch $32 billion by 2025.
IIP is an apex body of packaging industries set up under the Ministry of Commerce. It will set up a new centre at Guwahati.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

FIIs hike stake in HDFC to record high of nearly 78%FIIs hike stake in HDFC to record high of nearly 78%
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Emerging as one of the most-liked stocks for foreign funds, mortgage giant HDFC has seen overseas investors raising their stake in the company to a record high of nearly 78 per cent during the quarter ended September 2014.
The mortgage financier has also become the first listed Indian company among 30 Sensex firms to have over 75 per cent shareholding by foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
Cumulative FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September quarter this year from 73.09 per cent in the three months ended September last year, according to data from stock exchanges.
In the April-June quarter of 2014, FIIs’ holding in HDFC stood at 77.36 per cent.
Moreover, the shareholding of overseas players or FIIs in HDFC has been steadily rising since September last year.
The rise of overseas shareholding in the mortgage lender, one of the highest among the country’s 30 listed blue-chip companies, coincides with overall bullishness shown by foreign entities in the Indian stock market.
According to market experts, overseas investors have shown interest in HDFC because of the smart returns given by the company.
In May 2012, HDFC’s board had approved raising the FII limit in the company to 100 per cent.
During the July-September quarter, HDFC shares surged by 6.25 per cent, as against a 4.78 per cent gain in BSE’s benchmark Sensex.
In the same period, FIIs have invested more than Rs 23,000 crore in Indian equities on the back of ongoing reform initiatives taken by the Central Government.
Besides, the overall holding of institutional investors also rose to 88.17 per cent during July-September this year from 88.01 per cent at the end of June 30, 2014, mostly on account of additional share purchases by FIIs.
The domestic institutional holdings stood at 10.32 per cent as on September 30, 2014, down from 10.65 per cent in April-June quarter of 2014.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Flipkart partners payment solutions provider EuronetFlipkart partners payment solutions provider Euronet
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov 4:  
Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today announced a strategic partnership with Euronet India, secure electronic transaction processing and payment solutions provider, to distribute the e-commerce major’s ‘digital gift codes’ across the country.
These digital gift codes act as payment instruments for making e-commerce purchases an effective alternative to other conventional means of payment, Flipkart said in a statement.
The customer will not just be able to gift these codes, but also use them for self-consumption on Flipkart.com, the company added.
Indian consumers across major banks will soon be able to use their online banking portals and mobile applications to purchase digital codes which can be delivered instantly via their e-mail accounts or through a text message in a secure fashion, using Euronet’s electronic transaction processing services, Flipkart said.
“Indian customers will now be able to avail of this user-friendly instrument to purchase products and services offered on flipkart.com using a variety of unique bank channels that Euronet powers today.
“This initiative will not just help in bringing new customers on-board, but can also potentially bring greater efficiency and scale in existing operations,” Sr. Director — Marketing, Flipkart,” Mausam Bhatt said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Gujarat Pipavav Port Q2 net more than doublesGujarat Pipavav Port Q2 net more than doubles
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Gujarat Pipavav Port has more than doubled its net profit to Rs 90 cr for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 compared with Rs 44 crore logged in the same period last year.
Total income rose 41 per cent to Rs 189 crore (Rs 134 crore), the company said in a filing to the stock exchanges..
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

U.P. power panel quashes setting up thermal plantsU.P. power panel quashes setting up thermal plants
PTI
Tweet
Lucknow, Nov 4:  
Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) has quashed setting up of four thermal power plants of over 1700 MW capacity saying the companies were lagging far behind in completing the projects despite being given two extensions.
“UPERC has quashed setting up of four thermal power plants totalling 1760 MW capacity as the plants were nowhere near completion despite two extensions”, a UPERC official said here today.
He said every aspect of the project was taken into account before arriving at the decision.
The projects were also affected due to lack of coal linkage.
The projects that were cancelled are: the 250 MW power plants proposed to be set up by Parekh in Barabanki, 600 MW plant to be set up by Creative Thermolite in Murka, 250 MW by Unitech in Auraiyya and 660MW power plant by Torrent in Sandila.
These projects were proposed to be set up during previous Mayawati government regime in 2008 under the Memorandum of Understanding route but could not be executed for lack of coal linkage.
The present Samajwadi Party government had given 18 months extension to these projects in June 2012 and again in Dec 2013.
New projects
Besides these, the commission has cleared four projects — 1980 MW Lalitpur power plant to be developed by Bajaj group, 1320 MW power plant to be developed by Himavat in Bhognipur, 1320 MW by Lanco in Bhoginipur and 1320 MW power plant to be developed by Welspun in Ghazipur.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

SoftBank cuts FY profit target on Sprint woes; Q2 profit down 23%SoftBank cuts FY profit target on Sprint woes; Q2 profit down 23%
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Nov 4:  
SoftBank Corp, the Japanese mobile carrier with ambitious plans to grow overseas, slashed its profit forecast as Sprint Corp, the US carrier it bought for $21.6 billion, continues to lose customers with no quick fix in sight.
In a statement on Tuesday, SoftBank said it now expects an operating profit of 900 billion yen ($7.9 billion) in the 12 months through March 2015, 10 per cent down from the 1 trillion yen profit it previously estimated, citing Sprint's troubles. The warning came as SoftBank said its second-quarter operating profit fell 23 per cent.
SoftBank bought the number three US mobile carrier last year as part of Chief Executive Masayoshi Son's drive to expand outside Japan, but Sprint has been undergoing a painful revamping of its network that has caused a mass exodus of subscribers. On Monday, Sprint said it will fire 2,000 employees and make leadership changes as it seeks to cuts costs after several quarters of losses.
"Sprint's battle will be long and tough, and it's not something that can be fixed in a short time," SoftBank's Chief Executive Masayoshi Son told reporters in Tokyo. On Monday, Sprint made a major cut to its forecasts for 2014 adjusted earnings, saying it now expects between $5.8 billion and $5.9 billion, down from $6.7 billion to $6.9 billion.
SoftBank also said July-September operating profit was 259.0 billion yen, down from 337.1 billion a year earlier and below the 296.9 billion yen average of estimates made by four analysts, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine.
With scant prospects for major growth in Japan's saturated but sluggish domestic market, Son has led the cash-rich company on a string of high-profile acquisitions and investments in telecom and Internet-related businesses. Son is Japan's richest man through his near-20 per cent stake in SoftBank, now worth about $85 billion by market value and also the biggest investor in recently listed Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
Broadening his international strategy from the United States and China, Son also last month laid out plans to invest $10 billion in online retail in India. The country has the world's third-largest Internet user base, but e-commerce is still relatively underdeveloped there.
While fixing Sprint may distract SoftBank in its expansion drive, the company said on Tuesday it booked a bigger gain in the second quarter from the New York listing of Alibaba than it had previously anticipated.
SoftBank said its net profit for the quarter was boosted by a 563.1 billion gain from the Alibaba deal, up from the 500 billion it previously estimated. SoftBank's net profit for the quarter almost tripled from a year earlier to nearly 500 billion yen.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Siemens write-downs on wind turbines biz to run into millions of eurosSiemens write-downs on wind turbines biz to run into millions of euros
Reuters
Tweet
Frankfurt, Nov 4:  
German engineering group Siemens will take write-downs that may run into hundreds of millions of euros at its wind-turbines business, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported on Tuesday.
Citing industry sources, the German broadsheet said the company would write down the business by a triple-digit million-euro amount because of quality issues.
Profit at Siemens' wind power division plunged 60 per cent in the first nine months of 2014 due to a low contribution from the high-margin offshore business, high production costs and charges for replacing defective bearings in onshore wind turbines.
Siemens, which declined to comment on the report, is due to report results for its full year to end-September on Thursday.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Red Hat India appoints Rajesh Rege as MDRed Hat India appoints Rajesh Rege as MD
PTI
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Enterprise open source solutions provider Red Hat India today appointed Rajesh Rege as its managing director.
Rajesh will work closely with all business units to advance the open source benefits of cloud IT to meet customer needs in India, the company said in a statement.
Commenting on this appointment, Red Hat Asia Pacific senior vice president and general manager Dirk-Peter van Leeuwen said: “Rajesh’s appointment will further add to the value of the Red Hat management team in APAC, and especially in India as it grows as a key market for open source.
I am confident that he will be able to drive and advance our strong portfolio of Asia-Pacific and India clients.”
Prior to joining Red Hat, Rajesh was with Cisco for four years as director and country head of Data Center and Cloud Business for Cisco in India, and across the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC).
While at Cisco, he was responsible for driving the data center and visualisation strategy in India, a key focus area in cloud and data center transformation across services providers and enterprise customers.
Before Cisco, Rajesh spent 11 years with Sun Microsystems in various leadership roles.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Software products need hard checkOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

SBI seeks softer terms for old power loansOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

DLF Seeks Sebi Nod to Redeem Rs 1 600 Cr From MF Investment: ReportTCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Mumbai: Real estate giant DLF Ltd on Monday sought approval of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from its mutual fund investments as it is facing a three-year ban by the market regulator from accessing the capital market.
According to sources, the Delhi-based developer has made the request through an affidavit submitted to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF's appeal against the ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The submission of the affidavit, which seeks to redeem Rs 1,600 crore from the total MF investments that the company has, follows a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
SAT, a quasi-judicial body, is expected to pronounce its interim order on the affidavit on Wednesday. The final hearing on the matter will begin on December 10.
At the last hearing on October 30, the tribunal had asked DLF to specifically mention the timeframe, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
SAT had further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
When contacted, DLF refused to comment on the matter, saying the issue is sub-judice. Its senior counsel Janakdwarka Das, too, declined to comment.
The sources, however, confirmed the company has submitted the affidavit for permission to redeem Rs 1,600 crore with the details of funds it needs till December 31, as directed by the tribunal.
On October 14, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and sought an interim relief on October 22.
Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own a 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:58 (IST)

Reliance Jio Applies for Network Test Before 4G Launch: ReportTCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Gearing up for its pan-India 4G services launch in the coming months, Reliance Jio Infocomm has approached the Department of Telecom (DoT) for a network test conducted along with security agencies.
"Reliance Jio has written to DoT to start test of legal interception and monitoring solution in its network across circles which is conducted along with security agencies and is mandatory before launch of telecom services," an official source told PTI.
Reliance Jio did not immediately comment on the matter.
Mukesh Ambani-led RJio has plans to start 4G services across most of the telecom circles by March 2015. Reliance Industries has already announced that it will launch commercial 4G telecom service of RJio in 2015 entailing investment of Rs 70,000 crore.
RJio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities, accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India, and the target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
RJio in only company which hold pan-India broadband wireless access spectrum that can be used for 4G services. As per rules, 2015 is last year for all companies who won BWA spectrum to roll out the services in at least 90 per cent of the service areas, failing which the DoT will have the right to withdraw the radio waves.
RJio, Aircel, Airtel, Tikona Digital and Augere Mauritius won BWA spectrum in mid-2010. Airtel and Aircel have partially launched 4G services using BWA airwaves.
RJio also acquired spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, for Rs 11,054.41 crore in February across 14 out of 22 service areas in country. The company has said it will use these radio waves also for 4G services.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 23:43 (IST)

Oil Tumbles Anew as Saudi Cuts US Prices  Hikes OthersYou are here: Home Commodities
Oil Tumbles Anew as Saudi Cuts US Prices, Hikes Others
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 07:56 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Oil tumbled by as much as $2 a barrel in the final minutes of regular trade on Monday, hitting new lows in New York as Saudi Arabia deepened price cuts for US customers even though it hiked prices for the rest of the world.
US crude dove to its lowest since mid-2012, with technical selling swamping the market, helping drive the curve into a contango structure, with short-term prices cheaper than long-dated ones, for the first time since January.
A rising dollar and concerns about Chinese economic growth set a bearish tone early in the session, but global benchmark Brent crude briefly turned positive after news that Saudi Aramco had hiked their monthly selling prices to Asia and Europe, a signal that some took as a sign of plans for lower output.
But Aramco also cut its prices for US customers, a fact that soured market sentiment over the afternoon. The decline accelerated after US prices broke the October 27 intraday low of $79.44 a barrel, traders said.
"The market continues to hunt for a bottom. There is more than ample supply, no producers seem willing to cut back, there are fears Europe could fall into recession and China's growth is continuing to slow," said Gene McMillian, senior analyst at tradition Energy in Stamford, Connecticut.
US crude hit a low of $78.14 per barrel, its lowest since June 2012, before settling down $1.76 at $78.78.
Brent crude fell as low as $84.18 per barrel but settled at $84.78.
The dollar powered to a seven-year peak against the yen and a two-year high against the euro on Monday, extending gains after the Bank of Japan's latest stimulus move and weighing on oil, which is priced in the US currency.
Stronger-than-expected US manufacturing data for October helped boost the dollar, while Chinese economic data pointed to slowing overall growth and the risk of falling oil demand from the world's second-largest economy.
"Chinese data is really ultimately weak so is demand really going to be there for oil at a higher price?" said Bill Baruch, senior market strategist at iitrader.com LLC in Chicago.
Benchmark Brent crude oil has fallen 25 per cent from a high above $115 a barrel in June as abundant supply has overwhelmed demand in most parts of the world, filling stocks, while concerns about global growth have mounted.
OPEC IN FOCUS
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries meets in Vienna on November 27 to decide on production targets for next year, and market participants are looking for any sign on whether the producer group will move to shore up prices by trimming output.
Some oil traders saw the latest price hikes from state oil firm Saudi Aramco, reversing some price cuts the previous month, as an indication the kingdom could be seeking to cut production.
Saudi Arabia has previously signalled it was willing to put up with lower oil prices, and last month's big price cuts had triggered a deeper decline in global markets.
But Joseph Posillico, senior vice president of energy derivatives at Jefferies LLC in New York, said he would not put too much weight on the price hike as an indicator of OPEC intentions.
"The fact that they raised the price spiked the market because they had that larger discount last month," he said.
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi will visit Venezuela this week to attend a climate conference, according to sources close to the kingdom. However, a Caracas-based source declined to say whether he would be discussing oil prices.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nikkei @ 7-year highs on GPIF  BOJ euphoriaAfter months of uncertainty about the economic outlook amid weakening growth following a sales tax hike in April.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japan's Nikkei share average hit a seven-year high on Tuesday as investors gave a thumbs up to the Bank of Japan's unexpected move to ease policy further and the public pension fund's reallocation of assets to switch more funds to domestic stocks .
The Nikkei benchmark index climbed 2.7 per cent to 16,862.47, its highest level since 2007. The index surged 4.8 per cent on Friday, marking its biggest daily gain in eighteen months.
Turnover at the Tokyo Stock Exchange's main board hit 5.4 trillion yen, the second highest on record.
Financial and real estate shares outperformed the market, with Daiwa Securities surging 12.3 per cent. Nomura Holdings jumped 7.7 per cent and Tokyu Fudosan shot up 7.1 per cent.
The broader Topix added 2.6 per cent to close at 1,368.65, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 2.8 per cent, closing at 12,507.72.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Dalal Street closed on account of  MuharramBSE, NSE, forex and money markets closed for Muharram
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(BSE, NSE, forex, money markets,…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ), the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ), forex, money markets, oilseeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of " Muharram ".
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan rakes up Kashmir issue at UN  IndiaretortsPrint
By: Indo-Asian News Service | United Nations | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:07 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 2:09 pm
India and Pakistan faced off Monday at the UN as Islamabad brought up Kashmir in its renewed campaign to internationalise the issue.
Diyar Khan, a counsellor at Pakistan’s UN Mission, said his country regretted that the people of Jammu and Kashmir had been deprived of their right to self-determination. Self-determination did not lapse with the passage of time, he said. Nor could it be “set aside” by charges of terrorism.
In his address to the UNGA committee that deals with social, humanitarian and cultural affairs, India’s Mayank Joshi dismissed as unsolicited Pakistan’s comments about Kashmir and said they were factually incorrect. Free, fair and open elections were regularly held in that state at all levels, he said.
Exercising the right of reply, Pakistan’s delegate escalated the issue, questioning New Delhi calling Kashmir a part of India and citing UN Security Council resolutions describing Kashmir a disputed territory. Regarding elections in Kashmir, he asserted that polls conducted by the Indian authorities could not be a substitute for a UN plebiscite.
The Indian delegate pointed out that the elections in Kashmir had been held under the scrutiny of international media, which had not faulted those elections.
Going for another round, the Pakistani representative claimed that the elections were held under what he said was foreign occupation and could not be impartial.
In reply, India’s representative said that the Pakistani delegation’s references to foreign occupation were out of context as Kashmir was a part of India.

Cabinet recommends dissolution of DelhiAssemblyPrint
PM Narendra Modi, BJP President Amit Shah and FM Arun Jaitley during the party's Central Election Committee meeting for the upcoming Assembly elections in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:03 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:40 pm
Paving the way for fresh assembly elections in Delhi after a political uncertainty stretching for eight months, the Union Cabinet on Tuesday decided to ratify Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung’ s recommendation to dissolve the Delhi Assembly. A special meeting of the Union Cabinet – which usually meets on Wednesdays – was called to deliberate upon the matter.
Also Read: Eager AAP gets its wish
Jung had met the leaders of BJP, the AAP and the Congress on Monday to discuss government formation in Delhi. After all these parties expressed their inability to form the government, Jung is learnt to have sent his report to the President recommending dissolution of the Delhi assembly. The President, in turn, is learnt to have forwarded Jung’s recommendations to the Union government.
AAP Chief Arvind Kejriwal leaves after attending a meeting with Lt Governor Najeeb Jung at Raj Niwas in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI photo)
Following the Cabinet’s clearance to the dissolution of the assembly, the Election Commission will now come up with dates to hold assembly elections in Delhi. It will also cancel the recently announced by-elections to three assembly seats in the state.
Delhi has remained under President’s Rule after the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party government resigned after 49 days in office in February.
LG’s consultations with the three main political parties came in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government. The court was hearing AAP’s petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, which has been under suspended animation since February.

Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter Indian army:PentagonPrint
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest insisted that to confront the existential threat that's posed by ISIS, the nation of Iraq needs to be unified.
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:03 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:23 pm
In a blunt assessment of terrorist safe havens in Pakistan, the Pentagon has told the US Congress that the country is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military. “Afghan-and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India’s superior military,” the Pentagon told the Congress in its latest six-monthly report on the current situation in Afghanistan.
“These relationships run counter to Pakistan’s public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as the primary irritant in Afghan-Pakistan bilateral relations,” the Pentagon said in the report running into more than 100 pages.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel listens at left as Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin E. Dempsey speaks during a briefing at the Pentagon, Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014. (Source: AP)
Referring to the attack on the Indian Consulate in Herat, the Pentagon said this was done just ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India. “In May of this reporting period, the Indian consulate in Herat Province was attacked by a group of four heavily armed militants. The attack came three days prior to the swearing-in of the new Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack,” it said.
“In June, the US Department of State announced that the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba was responsible for the attack. Following the attack, former Afghan President Karzai denounced the attack and made strong statements supporting relations with India,” the report said.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel listens at left at Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin E. Dempsey speaks during a briefing at the Pentagon, Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014. (Source: AP)
The Pentagon informed the Congress that India continues to support Afghanistan, believing a secure and stable Afghanistan will benefit the region and facilitate economic corridors into Central Asia. “India and Afghanistan signed a strategic partnership declaration in 2011, which formalised cooperation on governance, economics, commerce, education, public administration, and security and law enforcement,” it said.

Union Cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi Assembly; fresh polls likely in FebYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Union Cabinet recommends dissolution of Delhi Assembly
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.07PM IST
Tags:
dissolution of Delhi Assembly
(Commenting on the Cabinet's…)
NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet today recommended dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, paving the way for fresh polls ending eight months of political hibernation after the fall of the AAP government in February.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi after LG Najeeb Jung sent his recommendation after talks yesterday with BJP, Congress and AAP who all expressed their inability to form government and sought fresh mandate.
"The Union Cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi Assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union Minister said after the brief meeting.
While the fresh elections may be held early next year, the process for the November 25 by-elections to three constituencies, for which last date of nominations is tomorrow, will be cancelled.
The LG held consultations yesterday with political parties in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on the fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government.
The court was hearing AAP's petition seeking early dissolution of the Assembly which has been under suspended animation since February after the fall of the AAP government.
In the outgoing Assembly, BJP and its ally Akali Dal have 29 MLAs in a House of 67. Three seats fell vacant after the incumbents were elected to the Lok Sabha.
BJP had emerged as the single largest party in the December Assembly polls winning 31 seats but fell four seats short of a simple majority.
It had refused to form government then, saying it will not resort to any "unfair means" to take over the reins.
AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party's pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President's Rule was imposed on February 17.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Better late than never  says Congress on Lt Governor Najeeb JungsdecisionPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:29 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 3:04 pm
Congress on Tuesday took a dig at Lt Governor Najeeb Jung for his recommendation to the President for dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, saying it is “better late than never”.
“There is a saying in Farsi ‘der aaye, durust aaye’ (better late than never). This should have happened long back, but the LG in his wisdom, on the advice of the BJP, tried to prolong it.
“Wisdom descended upon the LG only after the intervention of the Supreme Court”, party General Secretary Shakeel Ahmed, who is in charge of party affairs in Delhi, told PTI when asked about the development.
Ending the eight-month-long political uncertainty, Jung today recommended to the President dissolution of the Delhi Assembly as major players BJP, AAP and Congress have expressed “inability” to form government and preferred holding of polls.
The report by Jung paved the way for holding of fresh polls in the capital which is under President’s Rule since February after the AAP government quit after ruling for 49 days.

Iran: Woman jailed for trying to watch volleyball match on hunger strikeOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Xiaomi to invest $1 bn to expand internet TV...Xiaomi to invest $1 billion to expand internet TV content
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 12.29PM IST
Xiaomi to invest $1 billion in internet TV
Xiaomi to invest $1 billion in internet TV
The investment is aimed at enriching the company's content and becoming a 'leading bellwether for the industry', Xiaomi said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd said on Tuesday it would spend $1 billion to expand its internet TV content as the world's third largest smartphone maker ramps up its push into the living room, and a market estimated to be worth $3 billion.
Xiaomi's burgeoning TV unit includes its Xiaomi TV as well as a set-top box, which both use its software and content. The company is best known for its budget smartphones and tablets that have won it legions of fans worldwide.
In a post on its official Weibo microblog, Xiaomi said it had hired Chen Tong, a former executive at Chinese internet firm Sina Corp , to overhaul the TV business and make it more "diverse and exciting".
"We want to repeat the success of Xiaomi's hardware integration model in the television industry," Chen said at a press conference, according to Xiaomi's microblog. The company did not to provide further details.
Xiaomi's expansion of its internet TV business pits it against local internet companies including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Tencent Holdings Ltd and Baidu Inc , all of which have recently increased their investment into internet TV, a market Chinese consultancy iResearch says is estimated to be worth $3 billion in 2014.
Xiaomi said it could invest further in internet TV in the future.

Govt to disband development body for sugar i...You are here: Home > Collections > Decontrol
Government to disband Development Council for Sugar Industry
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.22PM IST
Tags:
DCSI
(Ministry has decided that…)
NEW DELHI: Aiming to weed out archaic laws and committees, the Food Ministry has decided to disband the 56-year old Development Council for Sugar Industry (DCSI) saying the statutory body is no longer relevant after decontrol and de-licencing of the sugar sector.
DCSI was set up way back in 1954 under the Industries (Development and Regulation) Act. The Council looked into issuance of licences for setting up of new sugar mills and other issues related to the sector. DCSI has normally been reconstituted after expiry of two years tenure.
"DCSI has no relevance today especially after the sugar industry has been de-licenced and decontrolled. There is little rationale to continue the council and we have decided not to reconstitute DCSI," a senior Food Ministry official said.
The 25-member Council will be disbanded and a notification in this regard will be issued soon, the official said.
That apart, the Food Ministry has decided to do away with a sub-committee on sugar standards functioning under the DCSI.
The official said, "Since the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) and Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) are looking into sugar standards issue, there is no point continuing with the the Standing Advisory Committee on Sugar Standards (SACSS) under DCSI."
The Ministry has decided that the DCSI's another sub- committee, Standing Research Advisory Committee (SRAC), will be shifted under the existing 'Sugar Development Fund Standing Committee.' The sub-committee will be renamed as 'Grant-in-aid for Research Projects'
"This has been done to streamline the committees to avoid confusion," the official said.
The sugar industry was de-licenced in 1998 and the requirement of licence for setting up new sugar mills was dispensed with.
In May 2013, the government removed some more key controls in the sugar sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cong takes potshot at LG  says Jung prolonged Assembly indecision on BJPadvicePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 4, 2014 2:29 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 3:04 pm
Congress on Tuesday took a dig at Lt Governor Najeeb Jung for his recommendation to the President for dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, saying it is “better late than never”.
“There is a saying in Farsi ‘der aaye, durust aaye’ (better late than never). This should have happened long back, but the LG in his wisdom, on the advice of the BJP, tried to prolong it.
“Wisdom descended upon the LG only after the intervention of the Supreme Court”, party General Secretary Shakeel Ahmed, who is in charge of party affairs in Delhi, told PTI when asked about the development.
Ending the eight-month-long political uncertainty, Jung today recommended to the President dissolution of the Delhi Assembly as major players BJP, AAP and Congress have expressed “inability” to form government and preferred holding of polls.
The report by Jung paved the way for holding of fresh polls in the capital which is under President’s Rule since February after the AAP government quit after ruling for 49 days.

Remote controlled toys for grown-upsStory
Toys for grown-ups
Ever heard of RC toys - radio-controlled or remote-controlled toys? Here are a few that will excite the child in you.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
VMD Missile Striker
Ever heard of RC toys - radio-controlled or remote-controlled toys? These toys are self-powered and can be controlled from a distance. Then there are toys that can be operated via smart device - smartphones or tablets. The market for such toys is huge and so is the demand. Besides the well-known (global) brands, many smart and RC toys come to India from China. Here are a few that will excite the child in you.
VMD MISSILE STRIKER TOY VEHICLE
A powerful futuristic remote-control battle talk, it shoots hard, fast and far. The VMD Missile Striker is a giant cannon that fires an oversized missile up to 65 feet. Weighing 1.8 kg, it is powered by 6 AA batteries. One can also control how hard the missile shoots.
Price: Rs 3,999
PARROT AR DRONE 2.0
Parrot AR drone 2.0
In the news for a long time, this toy allows you to view the earth from high altitudes, and that too in high definition format. AR Drone's app is available for free on iOS and Android. The toy is equipped with 720p HD camera with 30 fps and a wide angle lens with 92 degree diagonal. It also has a video storage on the fly with the remote device.
Price: Rs 34,990
MINIATURE RC T-90 REALISTIC TANK TOY
Miniature RC T-90
Looking like a realistic tank, the T-90 model comes with functional tank tracks to navigate obstacles. It comes with an advanced remote control with functions such as forward/backward/left/right and turrnt movement clockwise and anticlockwise and firing function. One can even fire supply plastic balls through the gun mounted on the turret, which throws balls at a great accuracy and speed.
Price: Rs 4,788
WOWWEE MiP: THE BALANCING ROBOT
WowWee MiP
MiP is a relatively small robot, about seven inches tall. With a black and white body, its torso includes a mode light and two arms that do nothing. Instead of feet, it has two large wheels that help the bot balance on its own. The MiP is powered by 4 AAA batteries. It operates on three basic characteristics -sensing, movement and intelligence. Sensing allows the MiP to gauge its surroundings with its obstacle sensors. It responds to claps, a series of waves and gestures. For movement, the MiP can balance and move quite effectively on those two wheels, much like a Segway. One thing you may notice is that the MiP is never completely still and continuously shifts to maintain balance. MiP comes with seven pre-programmed modes, activated by spinning one of its wheels until its chest light changes colour. The modes are: Default, Tracking, Dance, Roam, Cage, Stack, and my favourite Tricks, which allows you to program gesture commands in your MiP. Enter this mode and when the MiP's chest starts flashing, program a sequence of gestures and then clap or tap the MiP's head twice. He is now a slave to your whims. With free iOS and the Google Play app, you can connect the MiP to your smartphone.
Price: Rs 6,200
SILVERLIT NANO FALCON
Silverlt Mercedes-Benz SLS
This is the world's smallest helicopter toy, which has been designed for indoor flight. It measures just 6.5 cm (2.5 inches) long and weighs 11 grams. Infrared controller, it is powered by 4 AA alkaline batteries and has a decent range of five metre. Operating the Nano Falcon is fun and it can hover, rise, fall, turn left, right, and even move back and forth.
Price: Rs 2,295
SILVERLIT MERCDES-BENZ SLS
Silverlit Nano Falcon
This Merc edes toy car looks pretty with the controllable doors and lights. Operated via iOS device, be it iPhone, iPod or iPad, the device must run on iOS7. After installing the app, one can allow the car to move on its own or even control it using the device. It offers both - joystick more and gesture - that makes it a bit more fun to operate.
Price: Rs 6,499

Samsung Says Microsoft Deal Invites  Charges of CollusionTCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Samsung said its collaboration with Microsoft on Windows phones raised antitrust problems once Microsoft completed its acquisition of Nokia's handset business, according to a court filing.
The filing late on Thursday stems from Microsoft Corp's lawsuit accusing Samsung Electronics Co Ltd of breaching a business collaboration agreement. The lawsuit, filed earlier this year in a New York federal court, says South Korean smartphone company Samsung still owes $6.9 million in interest on more than $1 billion in patent royalties it delayed paying.
Samsung, meanwhile, said the April Nokia acquisition violated its 2011 deal with Microsoft.
In a court filing late on Thursday, Samsung said it agreed in 2011 to pay Microsoft royalties in exchange for a patent license covering Samsung's Android phones. The Android operating system is developed by Google Inc.
However, Samsung also agreed to develop Windows phones and share confidential business information with Microsoft as part of that collaboration. Microsoft would reduce the royalty payments if Samsung met certain sales goals for Windows devices, the filing said.
Microsoft's Windows phones have failed to take significant market share from iPhone maker Apple Inc and devices running on Android.
Once Microsoft acquired Nokia, it became a direct hardware competitor with Samsung, the filing said, and the South Korean company refused to continue sharing some sensitive information. Doing so could have created problems with US antitrust laws, Samsung said.
"The agreements, now between competitors, invite charges of collusion," Samsung said in the filing.
In a statement, Microsoft said it was "confident that our case is strong" and that it will succeed.
Antitrust regulators in the United States and other countries have approved Microsoft's Nokia acquisition.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IDFC Plans to Hire 1500 Personnel for Banking OperationsYou are here: Home Corporates
IDFC Plans to Hire 1500 Personnel for Banking Operations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 19:51 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Mumbai: As it readies to convert itself into a full-fledged bank, IDFC has said it will be hiring around 1,500 professionals in the run-up to the launch.
"At present we are 600 at the group level and are looking at hiring 1500 more before launching our banking operations," the infra lender's group chief financial officer Sunil Kakar said over the weekend.
He said a bulk of the hiring will happen in the next fiscal year, as the company approaches the October 1 deadline it has set for itself to launch the bank.
Managing director and chief executive Vikram Limaye said the senior management team, which includes a majority of the department heads, has already been hired and the company will be recruiting the remaining talent in a structured manner so as to not affect its costs.
Justifying the massive hiring, he claimed that the company's cost-to-income ratio at around 16 per cent is very low.
IDFC was selected along with micro-lender Bandhan to start a bank with universal offerings by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in April in the first round of bank licensing that came in after 2002-03.
The in-principle nod, given in April, is valid for 18 months. There have been doubts about the new players poaching talent from the existing lenders. However, all the existing lenders, especially those from the private space, have dismissed such concerns till now.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

Bharti Softbank picks up 36.5 per cent in ScoopWhoopNEW DELHI, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 19:23 IST
Bharti Softbank picks up 36.5 per cent in ScoopWhoop
Yuthika Bhargava
merger, acquisition and takeover
Bharti Softbank, a joint venture company of Bharti Enterprises and Japanese telecommunications major Softbank Corporation, on Monday said it has acquired 36.5 per cent equity stake in entertainment media start-up ScoopWhoop.
Bharti Softbank made the investment through BSB Portal. While the deal size was not disclosed, sources said it is about Rs 10 crore.
ScoopWhoop is an India-focused entertainment media start-up that creates and curates content that gets shared through social networks.
The partnership will combine the strengths of both organisations, content creation for Indian youth by ScoopWhoop and mobile-optimised technology platform and distribution by BSB for Indian consumers.
“About a half of India’s population is under 25 years old and the use of social networks with smartphones is growing rapidly among this segment. As a result, media consumption patterns are rapidly evolving and this space is ready for disruption…We believe the partnership offers immense synergies for both parties to create great content experience for India’s mobile internet population,” Madhu Nori, CEO, BSB Portal Limited said.

Swachh Bharat: a scheme or a pipe dreamhealth and hygiene
If Prime Minister Modi is serious about Swachh Bharat, he must provide leadership in converting the slogan into a viable multi-faceted programme
Who does not want, or hasn’t wanted, a clean India the public places of which are today probably the dirtiest and the most polluted in the world?
The question one must ask is: why it has been so, and what has not been done to change the situation for the better? Otherwise, Swachh Bharat will only remain a slogan, like Indira Gandhi’s ‘Garibi Hatao.’ She was very upset when I once asked her in all humility what exactly she wanted to hatao (eradicate), what she wanted to replace it with, and how.
It is strange that while much has been said about Swachh Bharat, no one appears to have pointed out that Indians are traditionally and culturally clean people. If the country looks dirty to a visitor — as it truly is — the biggest culprit is the government which is unclean in ways more than one!
Just drive from the old airport in my city, Hyderabad, to the new airport via Tarnaka (a distance of 50 km). Sidewalks, if they are there, are broken, encroached, or otherwise dysfunctional. There are mounds of mud and garbage on the side of the road which have been there for years. The buildings acquired to widen the road have not been demolished and have remained abandoned for years.
There is leftover construction material such as broken stones that line the pavements of roads. Whenever there is construction, one often finds unnecessary encroachment. In many places, road dividers are non-functional. The poor condition of roads can lead to numerous health issues for users. Even elite residential localities do not seem to be free of these problems.
Non-functional municipality
The fact is that there is no professional expertise in the Municipal Corporation to keep the city clean. Combined with total apathy, it creates an irremediable situation.
This deplorable situation is compounded by corruption. There is virtually no supervision when a civil work contract is given by the Municipal Corporation or Municipality, for example, for road repair. It is the responsibility of the contractor to remove all the construction material or waste, but it is just pushed to the side of the road to save money that would be otherwise spent on its transportation and disposal — and no one cares. Not surprisingly the only places that are clean are the military and the defence areas. Common garbage bins, where they are provided by the government, are overflowing, besides being an eyesore. The fact is that once you leave areas which come within the purview of civil administration, India is substantially clean. We are thus a country where ‘private’ places are clean but ‘public’ places are dirty.
It is not that the citizens in our cities and towns do not contribute to public filth. They do and there are two reasons for that. Firstly, there are no waste bins in public places where people can dispose their waste, so they simply throw it on the road or the sidewalk if it exists.
Secondly, it is about human psychology. If the place is clean and maintained clean, the tendency of a visitor or a user is not to make it dirty. On the other hand, if the place is already dirty, the tendency is not to worry about making it dirtier. In this connection, let me share an experience. In Hyderabad, we have a scientific research laboratory called the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB). It has been around for more than 25 years and has had an unbroken tradition of clinical cleanliness.
Once a year, it has an open day when more than 10,000 visitors come to the laboratory. At the end of the day, when all the visitors have gone, the place is just as clean as it was to begin with. The visitors simply use the waste bins which are always within sight no matter where the visitors are in the campus. Deep in their mind, they do not want to dirty a place which looks spotlessly clean. Kolkata metro would be another example.
How then can we talk of Swachh Bharat when the majority in the country has no access to clean toilets, and the environment is so badly polluted? As far as I know, there is much talk but no detailed workable solution to provide clean toilet facility to every family — either in villages or in cities. Every politician wants to do it but nobody really does it or even has an idea of how to go about doing it. Operationally, it is not easy.
As an example of the government’s apathy toward clean toilets, let me cite the case of the erstwhile Paryavaran Bhawan in the CGO Complex at Lodi Road, New Delhi. I used to visit the sixth floor of this building to attend a meeting of the Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee (GEAC), generally once a month. The only common western-style toilet on this floor had no seat for as long as I could remember. If I needed to use one, I had to request for permission of the Additional Secretary of the Department of Environment and Forests who was the Chairman of GEAC, to allow me to use his private toilet. And to expect toilet paper in a western-style toilet in a government building is to ask for the Moon.
Needed, a holistic definition
Then, there is the question of environment. Can we really have Swachh Bharat when our environment is so polluted?
Finally, we have to consider the state of our villages where 70 per cent of India lives. Can we talk of Swachh Bharat, ignoring what happens in our villages where poverty is the greatest polluter? Can any scheme of cleaning up our villages be viable if, for example, we do not provide village children access to high-quality schools? Doesn’t education, including vocational education, provide the greatest resource for alleviating poverty? Thus, to think of Swachh Bharat as an achievable objective would be a folly unless equal emphasis is laid on several other objectives such as high-quality universal education.
If Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serious about Swachh Bharat, he must provide leadership in converting what is a slogan into a viable multi-faceted programme, no matter how difficult or challenging it is going to be.
(Pushpa Mittra Bhargava is Chairman, Council of Social Development, Southern Regional Centre.)

Merkel warns Cameron over freedom of movement within EUMerkel warns Cameron over freedom of movement within EU
Helen Warrell in London and Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da16f51c-6287-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Diary: Martin Wolf© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94d4d930-5e7f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty marks new closing high of 8 324.15 pointsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The market managed to consolidate the positive momentum with buying interest in metals, realty and banking counters along with second line shares helping the benchmark Nifty to mark record closing high of 8,324.15 points on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Opening on buoyant note and rallying to all-time intra day high of 8,350.50 amid riding previous weeks remarkable gains and good FII inflows, the trading momentum later turned volatile but remained mostly in range due to lack of any major trigger amid oncoming market holidays, as investors opted for wait and watch policy.
Key auto and energy counters incurred profit-booking.
Asian stocks witnessed mixed trading today, while European market traded lower.
Meanwhile, the Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday, according provisional figure of stock exchanges.
The benchmark Nifty traded between a high of 8,350.60 and low of 8,297.65 before closing at 8,324.15, showing a marginal gain of 1.95 points or 0.02 per cent over its previous close.
The top five Nifty gainers were Jindal Steel 5.16 per cent, DLF 3.05 per cent, TechM 2.49 per cent, SSLT 2.46 per cent and Bank of Baroda 2.21 per cent.
While, top five losers include GAIL 5.57 per cent, Coal India 3.06 per cent, M&M 2.96 per cent, NMDC 2.93 per cent and HCL Tech 2.34 per cent.
Turnover in the cash segment dropped to Rs 17,332.80 crore against Rs 20,338.74 crore last Friday. A total of 10,668.14 lakh shares changed hands in 74,81,116 trades, while market capitalisation stood at Rs 95,14,816 crore.
The market will remain closed tomorrow on account of ‘Muharram’ and also on Thursday (November 6) for ‘Guru Nanak Jayanti’.
TAGS: Nifty Nifty Live Nifty Today
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Airtel to hike post-paid rentals by about 12% from DecemberSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Country’s biggest telecom operator Bharti Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December.
“Eff. (effective) 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your Airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month,” Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
Queries sent to Airtel did not elicit any immediate reply.
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users. Last week, Bharti Airtel had reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after a number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.
TAGS: Airtel Low Rental Plans Airtel Monthly Charges Airtel Plans Airtel Rate Hike Bharti Airtel
More from companies

S&P Downgrades Indian Overseas Bank to Speculative GradeYou are here: Home Corporates
S&P Downgrades Indian Overseas Bank to Speculative Grade
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 22:25 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Global rating agency Standard & Poor's on Monday lowered credit rating of state-owned Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) to 'BB+', indicating speculative grade following deterioration in the lender's asset quality.
"We downgraded IOB following a recent deterioration in the bank's asset quality and our expectation that it will remain weak over the next 12 months," S&P said in a statement.
"We revised our assessment of the bank's risk position to weak from moderate, as our criteria define those terms. Accordingly, we lowered the bank's stand-alone credit profile (SACP) to 'bb' from bb+," it said.
The bank's exposure to high-risk sectors, such as iron and steel and textiles, is also greater than peers. It reported its non-performing loan ratio rose sharply to 7.3 per cent as of September 30, 2014, from 5 per cent as of March 31, 2014, to become the highest among the Indian banks that are rated.
The share of gross standard restructured loans outstanding in IOB's loan book is also high at 7.85 per cent. The rating continues to reflect IOB's adequate business position, moderate capital and earnings, above average funding, and strong liquidity, it added.
The rating agency further said that very high likelihood that the government of India will provide timely and sufficient extraordinary support if the bank comes under financial distress.
"We expect IOB's credit costs to remain high because of the bank's weak asset quality," it said, adding that it could be another two quarters before the pace of creation of stressed assets starts receding for the industry as a whole and the bank in particular.
IOB's aggressive growth over the past several years has stressed its internal control system, it said.
Moreover, the bank's focus on the corporate segment brings in some concentration in that segment.
The rating agency, however, said that it could upgrade the bank if its risk management improves, and its asset quality improves sharply and is more in line with that of the industry.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:17 (IST)

Gold Dealer Riddisiddhi s Import Licence ReinstatedTCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Singapore: India's largest gold dealer Riddisiddhi Bullions Ltd (RSBL) had its gold import licence reinstated by a court order on Monday after it was briefly suspended on Friday, a company official said.
Its licence was suspended on Friday by the Director General of Foreign Trade due to concerns it had violated the so-called 80:20 rule, the company's director Prithviraj Kothari said.
The rule stipulates that a fifth of all bullion imports must be re-exported.
In an effort to trim a gaping current account deficit India implemented measures last year to curb demand for gold, its second-biggest import after oil.
"The suspension was on Friday and the High Court quashed the suspension order on Monday with some strictures," Mr Kothari added.
There were concerns about one of RSBL's consignment which was shipped before the 80:20 rule came into effect but there had been no complaints about subsequent consignments, he said.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Chinese Unmoved by Gold Price DecreaseYou are here: Home Industries
Chinese Unmoved by Gold Price Drop, See it Cheaper Still
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 00:23 (IST)
Sebi Joins Hands With RBI to Check Shady Stock Deals of NBFCs
Singapore: Even with gold prices dropping to near four-year lows, buyers in China - the world's leading market - are not tempted, suggesting prices have further to fall.
When gold prices are in a slump, Chinese buyers, eyeing a bargain, traditionally move in and stop the rot. But that doesn't seem to be happening this time around. The current market decline has seen the price of gold lose more than a third of its value in two years, to around $1,170 an ounce.
Unusually, prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange, the world's biggest platform for physical trade, are at a discount of around $1 an ounce to the global benchmark, slipping from premiums of $1-$2 an ounce last week. Since all physical gold trade in China goes through the exchange, it is seen as a reliable barometer of Chinese demand.
World gold prices are at their lowest since 2010 and slid $25 an ounce on Friday as the US dollar strengthened, but Chinese buyers are still not biting, anticipating that prices have further to drop.
There is little sign of increased demand, dealers at importing banks in China and traders told Reuters on Monday, recalling how China led a rush to buy jewellery and gold bars and coins when prices slumped about $200 an ounce in two days last year.
"We've not seen any significant physical demand on the back of this (price drop)," said Victor Thianpiriya, an analyst at ANZ in Singapore. "That's a worrying sign for prices as Chinese buying was really the only thing supporting the market on sell-offs last year."
"I rushed in to buy gold coins last year when prices fell, thinking that it was a good bargain and that prices would surely rebound. But it was clearly a wrong bet and I'm still down 15 per cent," said 42-year-old gold investor Chen Xilong.
"With all the speculation that prices may drop further, the question for me now is whether I should cut my losses and sell the gold I have."
China overtook India as the biggest gold buyer last year, with consumers and investors buying record amounts of the precious metal as prices tumbled 28 per cent after a 12-year rally. That splurge, along with uncertainty over gold prices and a crackdown on corruption, have dented China's appetite this year. Demand has dropped by more than a fifth in the first nine months of the year, according to the China Gold Association.
"Some Chinese investors who bought gold at higher prices last year are now thinking whether they should invest more now to lower their average cost or to cut their losses," said Wang Jingqing, a precious metals analyst at Changjiang Futures Brokerage.
Below $1,000?
"China is usually very price elastic. From here, it looks like we could go down to $1,100 (an ounce) or even $1,000," said one dealer. "Maybe people would rather wait it out and come on board on lower prices."
Chart analysts predict spot gold prices could dip below $1,000 an ounce for the first time in five years.
Buyers in India, too, were cautious, with demand and local premiums holding steady on Monday. India last month celebrated the festivals of Dhanteras and Diwali - usually a strong period for buying gold.
"Demand is not increasing. Normal demand is there, but the reduction in prices has not induced any fresh buying," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Harmesh Arora, a partner at National India Bullion Refinery, said investors were cautious.
"There is now uncertainty in the market, and consumers are waiting for price stability," he said.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 18:21 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1wrS23A5 things investors need to know about November
USA TODAY Special Report 11:59 a.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
A statue of George Washington looks out over the New York Stock Exchange building in New York City.
(Photo: Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 110 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is here.
Those three words are music to investors' ears because it means the gut-wrenching ride of October is over and that we're entering what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
Two quick November facts:
• It is the second-best performing month the past 20 years.
• It starts the best six-month period going back to 1950.
And after the stock market's stunning rebound the past two weeks, November starts with both the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index back at record highs.
In the latest in USA TODAY's Monthly Markets Checkup, here are five things investors need to know about November:
1. Risks remain.
Even with all the seasonal factors weighing in its favor , investors will still have to contend with risks. This is the first month in two years that the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the financial markets through asset purchases. And now investors will start looking ahead to the likelihood that the Fed will raise interest rates next year. The outcome of the Congressional elections and the impact on the balance of power on Capitol Hill could sway markets. Also having the potential to give pause, economic conditions in Europe remain weak, uncertainty surrounds the Islamic State and domestic terrorism, and the holiday shopping season kicks off on Thanksgiving.

Column: Good times for commodityfuturesMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Financial Stability and Development Council of RBI has reopened the issue of commodity markets by bringing to the discussion table the case for allowing financial institutions and FIIs to participate in futures trading. This is a positive move that, hopefully, will materialise and take the derivatives market to a new level.
The issue of allowing these institutions is not new and has been on the sidelines for a long time. The commodity futures market has come of age, having been in existence for over a decade, and has been through several upheavals with the misguided notion that such trading affects inflation. It is accepted that futures trading has little links with inflation and instead foretells the same which can prompt corrective action.
There is also a strong case for the restoration of banned futures contracts in products such as tur and urad which gave correct signals in the paston the NCDEX platform. It is time these contracts are restored so that the bouquet of products offered is wide and more meaningful.
Now, let us look at banks getting into these markets. Today, RBI is venting its ire on companies that have forex exposure but do not hedge because, in case the rupee swings widely in either direction, the losses could be large. The same holds for banks when dealing with lending because all farm loans as well as those to manufacturing—which are based on commodities—carry a high price risk, especially with inflation averaging of 8-10% in the last 2-3 years. It is less palpable for manufacturing where inflation has been more moderate at around 3-4%. Intuitively, one can see that the possibility of a loan going bad and turning into an NPA is higher with swings in commodity prices. There could be some natural hedge in manufacturing if producers pass on the cost to the consumer but this does not hold for farmers in case there is a crop failure. Hence, there is a case for intervention by banks.
Banks need to insist on corporates hedging their commodity price risk just as they have to for forex, as directed by RBI. While enforcing the same would be a challenge, the absence of such hedging should mean a higher lending rate with a charge for the same entering the base rate calculation. RBI also needs to work out if we can have an NPA reserve created by banks which is funded by an additional interest cost levied on companies when commodity risk is not hedged.
How about farmers? This is trickier as banks cannot insist on the same, as the lending rate is fixed at 7%. Here, banks have to be allowed to play the role of an aggregator (this was suggested by RBI in its 2005 report on warehouse receipt financing) where the local branch manager has to only pool the product that is kept in the warehouse and inform the banks’ treasury which does the hedging. The local bank branch manager need not have any knowledge of futures trading and only has to pass on the amount to the central office to enable this transaction. Since there is a hedge cost involved, the government could consider providing an incentive by covering it for farm loans which already carry a subvention on interest. But it would still be in the bank’s interest to hedge its exposures to the farm sector given their propensity to turn NPAs.
But there would be a problem in case the price at the time of maturity is higher than contracted—which is a notional loss. A futures contract provides protection against a lower price but does not allow one to take advantage of a higher price. Ideally, options should be permitted and this is where the FCRA needs to be changed simultaneously so as to make this proposition work.
Going forward, one also can think of banks trading in commodity futures as a part of their business with a certain part of deposits or credit being permitted for such trading with the requisite safeguards just as banks trade in forex or manage their investment portfolio.
FII trading in commodities is also a good idea as experiences in the stock market have been satisfying. They have added depth to the market and the same can be expected in the commodity market. While the FMC supported their participation in non-agro commodities as early as in FY06, it did not work out due to regulatory issues because while FMC was under the ministry of consumer affairs, FIIs were guided by Sebi, which was under the ministry of finance. Today, with the FMC being under the finance ministry, this should be easier.
Mutual funds, too, are not permitted to deal with commodities and permitting them will open another avenue for investors. Bullion can give returns between 15-20% while agro commodities like guar, soybean, mustard, pepper and jeera could go anywhere between 10-30% depending on market conditions. As the commodity futures market is trying to get in retail, players who on their own would not be in a position to trade given delivery issues and understanding of fundamentals of commodities which is very different from stocks and mutual funds through commodity schemes, could provide such access.
Are there any safeguards needed? First, the issue of delivery has to be tackled. None of these players would be interested in delivery and, hence, their terms of operations should exclusively preclude delivery where they have to close out on their contracts. Exchanges could consider non-deliverable contracts in parallel. In fact, taking delivery by FIIs can lead to foreign trade issues in case they would, in an unlikely scenario, like to ship them out. Second, to ensure that the markets are not pulled in a particular direction, the position limits should be set for these entities with deep pockets. As they are dealing with non-deliverable contracts, there would be a tendency to take higher positions. Last, regulation has to be firm and surveillance systems of exchanges robust to ensure that the system works well.
Going by the virtually smooth growth of this market in terms of regulation by FMC and conduct of commodity futures exchanges, one can be sanguine that bringing in these institutions will add depth and buoyancy which will lead to better price discovery. Therefore, this should be taken up with urgency and implemented with the regulatory structures in place.
The author is chief economist, CARE Ratings. Views are personal
TAGS: Commodity Markets FIIs Financial Stability And Development Council Futures Trading RBI
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Flipkart rejigs senior management; Mukesh Bansal s role expanded as CFO leavesTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
In a senior management rejig, online marketplace Flipkart has bestowed more responsibility on Mukesh Bansal, who joined Flipkart as VP-Fashion after it acquired Myntra, the online fashion store he founded. In his new role, apart from manning Flipkart’s fashion vertical, Bansal will oversee marketing at Flipkart and handle additional portfolios like computers and consumer electronics.
This apart, Ankit Nagori, who, until now, was head of Flipkart’s marketplace business, will handle the books category as well. Michael Adnani, VP-retail and head of strategic alliances, and Amitesh Jha, who heads consumer electronics and computers at Flipkart, will report directly to Mukesh Bansal.
Incidentally, Flipkart has, of late, tasted phenomenal success with exclusive brand tie-ups with mobile phone makers Motorola and Xiaomi. While Motorola is believed to have sold over 10 lakh units through Flipkart, Xiaomi sold at least 5 lakh phones.
Besides, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who has moved from Tiger Global to the helm of Flipkart’s finance department after its CFO Karandeep Singh quit in February 2013, will relinquish his position. Krishnamurthy will move back to Tiger Global, where he was finance director for the global investor’s portfolio companies. Flipkart recently hired former Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to head its finance department.
The announcement was made by Flipkart co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal in an internal email to senior employees. The letter, accessed by FE, states: “Kalyan came on board full-time in January 2013 as an interim CFO. We were facing multiple challenges in business and finance and, at that time, Kalyan was instrumental in fundamentally changing the business trajectory for us with passion and drive. Kalyan, Mukesh and Ankit will be setting up meetings with relevant stakeholders and work out the transition plan.”
Krishnamurthy had assumed the role of senior VP-Retail in March 2014. His last day at Flipkart will be November 15, the letter stated.
A Flipkart spokesperson said: “Flipkart is a new age and agile company, and organisational changes are regular for us. Realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environment we operate in.”
The new pecking order
* Ankit Nagori, who, until now, was head of Flipkart’s marketplace business, will handle the books category as well
* Michael Adnani, VP-retail and head of strategic alliances, and Amitesh Jha, who heads consumer electronics and computers at Flipkart, will report directly to Mukesh Bansal
* Kalyan Krishnamurthy, at the helm of Flipkart’s finance department, will relinquish his position. Krishnamurthy will move back to Tiger Global, where he was finance director for the global investor’s portfolio companies
* Flipkart recently hired former Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to head its finance department
 
TAGS: Ankit Nagori Flipkart Flipkart CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy Mukesh Bansal
More from companies

Central bank views boost dollar; Wall St endsflatMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The dollar reached multi-year highs against both the yen and euro on Monday, adding to gains built on the Bank of Japan’s surprise stimulus announcement from last week, but equity markets dipped after weak data from China and Europe.
U.S. stocks ended flat as investors paused after a sharp rally on Friday and ahead of U.S. elections on Tuesday, although economic data pointed to a slowly strengthening economy. The benchmark S&P index briefly pushed to a record 2,024.46 at the high of the session before retreating.
“We got back to the highs in the S&P 500 and Dow rather quickly, so I think you’re running into some resistance and profit-taking,” said Stephen Carl, principal and head of U.S. Equity Trading at The Williams Capital Group.
An index of global equities slipped after data showing China’s economy losing momentum. The MSCI all-country world equity index was off 0.6 percent.
China’s services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers’ index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world’s second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported , while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
The disappointing data pulled European shares lower as they retreated from a four-week high. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.9 percent at 1,340.38 after rising to as much as 1,355.16, the highest since early October.
Two U.S. industry reports showed the manufacturing sector continues to expand, while automakers reported their strongest October sales in years.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28 points, or 0.14 percent, to 17,366.24, the S&P 500 lost 0.24 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,017.81 and the Nasdaq Composite  added 8.17 points, or 0.18 percent, to 4,638.91.
The BOJ last week said it would boost its massive stimulus spending, due to worry about weak growth. There are expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, will also eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bonds.
The dollar climbed as high as 114.20 yen, its highest  since December 2007, and was last up 1.4 percent at 113.85. The euro hit a low of $1.2441, its weakest since August 2012. It was last down 0.3 percent at $1.2489.
The dollar, up 0.5 percent, touched highs not seen since mid-2010 versus a basket of currencies and notched its  fourth straight day of gains.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was down 3/32, the yield at 2.3443 percent.
The greenback’s strength led to a decline in gold, which held near four-year lows. The metal last traded down 6.8 percent $1,166.25 an ounce.
Oil also came under pressure from the dollar’s climb. Brent crude fell $1.08 to settle at $85.78 a barrel. U.S. crude settled down $1.76 at $78.78, its lowest level since June 2012.
TAGS: Dow Wall Street
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Marutis AMT line under Magneti Marelli JV may go operational nextyearMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
To cope with high demand for its Automated Manual Transmission (AMT) powered Celerio and the new Alto K10, Maruti Suzuki is setting up a new AMT manufacturing line at Manesar under its joint venture with Italy’s Magneti Marelli. While the company did not mention the investment, the line is expected to be operational next year.
“We are hoping to meet the high demand for the AMTs by next year. We expect 30-40% of our small car sales to come from AMT,” Maruti MD Kenichi Ayukawa said, adding that for the new Alto K10 about 20% of the sales are expected to come from the AMT variant.
Another official added, “Currently we have a supply of 3,500 AMT kits per month, which is being increased to 5,000. These kits are locally assembled by Magneti from imported parts. With the new line, local manufacturing will start, helping us increase volumes faster.”
For the Celerio, on which the AMT technology made its local debut, 40% of the 83,000 orders between January and October this year came for the AMT version. On Monday, the new Alto K10 became Maruti’s second car to offer the technology, with others like the WagonR expected to follow suit. In the domestic market, Tata Motors also offers the AMT in its new Zest compact sedan, while Mahindra and Renault are both developing cars for India with the AMT.
Magneti, a Fiat Group company and supplier of the AMT kits to both Maruti and Tata Motors (for the Zest), has a joint venture with Maruti since 2007. About Rs 75 crore was invested in the JV when it was formed, with Magneti controlling 51%, Maruti 19% and Maruti’s Japanese parent Suzuki Motor Corporation 30%. The supplier unit, part of the 14 other similar auto component joint ventures of Maruti, makes several parts like diesel engine ECUs and gearboxes.
TAGS: Maruti Celerio Maruti Suzuki New Alto K10
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

First time in 2014: FIIs turn net sellers InOctoberMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Following the US Federal Reserve’s move to end its quantitative easing programme and amid weak corporate results, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) significantly reduced fund inflow in Indian equities in October. Net inflow turned negative for the first time in 2014 in October as they pulled out a net of Rs 1,171 crore in the month.
* While FIIs remained net sellers for a large part of the month, Bank of Japan’s announcement to accelerate bond buying programme led to a rise in inflow into Indian equities in the last couple of days in October
* The net inflow into Indian equities for the year stood at Rs 82,264 crore at the end of the month
* Debt inflow in October, however, stood strong at Rs 17,903 crore taking the net inflow for the calendar year to a record of Rs 1,36,243 crore as the money kept flowing due to high interest rates in the country
* Aggregate of debt and equity inflows crossed $36 billion (Rs 2,18,506 crore) in 2014 — an all-time high
TAGS: FIIs Fund Inflow Indian Equities
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Delhi: Bawana  Trilokpuri under security cover on MuharramComments
Keeping in mind the communal tension simmering in outer Delhi’s Bawana and the recent riots in east Delhi's Trilokpuri, the police are taking no chances and have put both areas under a security blanket on Muharram.
Apart from imposing restrictions on the display of weapons — swords, lathis and knives — during the festival on Tuesday, the police will keep a close watch on the procession.
Muslims observe Muharram to mourn the death of Imam Hussein ibn Ali, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, in the battle of Karbala.
Sources said special measures were also being taken for other sensitive areas of the city, including Karbala, Jamia Nagar and the Walled City.
Tension has been prevailing in Trilokpuri since Diwali. A similar situation has been reported from Bawana with locals from a community objecting to the route of a Muharram procession.
To ensure peace in Trilokpuri, the police have planned to increase the duration of the prohibitory orders that had been relaxed, sources said. “The prohibitory orders were earlier relaxed from 6am to 7pm. They are planning to relax the orders till 3pm on Tuesday,” said a senior official.
Delhi Police imposed orders under Section 144 of the CrPC, prohibiting any gathering or movement of a group of people, two days after the clashes.
Over 1,000 policemen, including Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel, have been deployed in the area since October 26.
The official said Trilokpuri was likely to see increased deployment on Tuesday.
So far, 68 people have been arrested in connection with the Trilokpuri clashes.
Tension in Bawana has been brewing, and the situation took an ugly turn after some residents called a mahapanchayat on Sunday, objecting to the route of a Muharram procession. The police deployed extra forces in the area, with additional pickets to maintain harmony.
“We are taking all precautionary steps and have deployed extra forces in both the locations,” said special commissioner (law and order) Deepak Mishra.
An alternate route was chalked out with consent of both the communities following police intervention, and it will be curtailed to JJ cluster and not come toward the town and will also be observed in a "subdued" manner.
 
However, tension remained high after local leaders raised objections and provocative speeches and slogans were made at the gathering which was attended by hundreds of people.
 
Around 1,000 policemen have been deployed in the area and along the routes which will be closely monitored by senior police officials.
Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi cancelled his trip to the Interpol’s general assembly in Monaco on Sunday due to the prevailing communal tension in Trilokpuri and Bawana. Bassi was supposed to accompany home minister Rajnath Singh and CBI director Ranjit Sinha for the international meet.
Show of solidarity
More than 30 Hindu volunteers are ready to set an example of communal harmony in Trilokpuri by leading Muharram processions, IANS reported.
The Hindu volunteers will be divided among the five Muharram processions that will set out from different blocks of the east Delhi locality.
Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Beniwal told IANS: "Five Muharram processions may possibly set out from Block 27 and 37 of Trilokpuri around 2pm tomorrow (Tuesday). All the processions will be led by the Hindu volunteers. The Hindu volunteers are also ready to manage 'Chhabi', a water stall."
He said, "The number of people participating in the processions is not clear. They may be between 400 and 1,000."
Watch the traffic
Delhi is likely to witness traffic snarls on various routes due to Muharram processions, Delhi Traffic Police said on Monday, advising commuters to take alternate roads.
 
Police have also asked Delihiites to avail the services of Delhi Metro to save themselves from severe congestions, especially during peak hours.
 
According to police, the 'Alam and Taboot' procession will be taken out from Shia Jama Masjid, Kashmere Gate, Chabi Ganj, Chhota Bazar, Bara Bazar around 9am and would end at Panja Sharif at around 4pm while the tazias from Nizamuddin, Okhla and Mehrauli would reach Karbala directly.
 
These processions shall pass through entire Old Delhi region and make their way through major zones and stretches that include the Paharganj bridge, Ajmeri Gate (including the road near the New Delhi Railway Station), Chelmsford Road, Connaught Place, Parliament Street, Red Cross Road, Tughlak Road, Aurobindo Marg and Jor Bagh.
 
"There is likelihood of slowing down and congestion of traffic along the route of the procession and adjoining roads.
"In addition, due to other local processions, movement of traffic is also likely to be affected on Mathura Road, Maa Anandmai Marg, Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, Road No 56, Road No 66, Pankha Road, Palam Dabri Road etc," additional commissioner of police (Traffic) Anil Shukla said.
 
General public and motorists are advised to avoid the above mentioned routes, co-operate and follow the directions of the traffic policemen posted along the routes of procession to avoid inconvenience, he added.
 
Those going to New Delhi Railway Station particularly in evening should leave in advance and have sufficient time for possible delay in routes.
 
For reaching New Delhi Railway Station commuters should avoid Connaught Place and reach Ajmeri Gate side through Tilak Marg, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg or through Rajghat and Jawahar Lal Nehru Marg depending on movement of procession, police said.
(with PTI and IANS inputs)

 Japan Stocks Soar to 7-Year High  Weak Yen SupportsIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Japanese stocks jumped to a seven-year peak on Tuesday, as investors lapped up a set of positive catalysts including an unexpected central bank move to ease policy further and a reallocation of funds to domestic stocks by the public pension fund.
After months of uncertainty about the economic outlook amid weakening growth following a sales tax hike in April, the Bank of Japan on Friday shocked markets by committing to ramp up its already massive stimulus.
The move sent the Nikkei benchmark and global stocks soaring, and hammered the yen in the process.
Returning from a long weekend, investors picked up from where they left off, lifting the Nikkei benchmark 3.5 per cent to 16,961.73 by 0113 GMT - its highest level since October 2007. The index surged 4.8 per cent on Friday in the aftermath of the BOJ's jolt.
Also on Friday, Tokyo confirmed that the Government Pension Investment Fund would raise domestic stock holdings to 25 per cent from the current 12 per cent.
The BOJ and GPIF announcements were seen by market players as fresh gambits in the government's plan to defeat deflation in Japan.
"It's a sea-change in investment decision making," said Gavin Parry, managing director of Parry International Trading in Hong Kong.
"This is changing the risk-weighting psyche. You can't ignore a $1.2 trillion fund."
Financial shares soared, with Daiwa Securities shooting up 12.6 per cent and Nomura Holdings Inc climbing 7.6 per cent.
Overall, the Tokyo Stock Exchange grouping of securities shares jumped 8.8 per cent.
The BOJ announced it would triple purchases of real estate investment trusts, prompting investors to buy shares in related firms.
Tokyu Fudosan jumped 7.1 per cent and Mitsui Fudosan Co Ltd climbed 5.5 per cent.
Meanwhile, Japan's major exporters received a boost on the yen's slump.
The dollar bought 113.61 yen at 0020 GMT, close to a seven-year peak of 114.21 reached overnight and not far from the December 2007 peak of 114.66.
Honda jumped 4.7 per cent, shrugging off news of an impending probe by U.S. regulators into whether the firm failed to report deaths or injuries involving air bags now part of a sweeping federal review.
Panasonic surged 7.0 per cent, Toyota Motor Co advanced 4.2 per cent and Canon added 3.2 per cent.
The broader Topix jumped 3.2 per cent to 1,375.88, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also gained 3.3 per cent to 12,572.04.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Markets holiday note: Bombay Stock Exchange  National Stock Exchange  forex  other marketsclosedThe Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex, money markets, oil seeds and copra markets remained closed today on account of “Muharram”.
However, bullion, sugar, metal, cotton and grains remain open as usual.
TAGS: Bombay Stock Exchange BSE Sensex Forex Markets Holiday Note National Stock Exchange Nifty Today Sensex And Nifty Sensex Today
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Saudi attack raises fears of Isis effectPolice in Saudi Arabia arrest six men on terror charges
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1b72544-63e1-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flipkart partners payment solutions provider...Flipkart partners with Euronet to distribute digital gift codes
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.03PM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(Indian consumers across…)
BENGALURU: Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today announced a strategic partnership with Euronet India , secure electronic transaction processing and payment solutions provider, to distribute e-commerce major's 'digital gift codes' across the country.
These digital gift codes act as payment instruments for making e-commerce purchases and an effective alternative to other conventional means of payment, Flipkart said in a statement.
The customer will not just be able to gift these codes, but also use them for self-consumption on Flipkart.com, the company added.
Indian consumers across major banks will soon be able to use their online-banking portals and mobile applications to purchase digital codes which can be delivered instantly via their email accounts or through a text message in a secure fashion, using Euronet's electronic transaction processing services, Flipkart said.
"Indian customers will now be able to avail this extremely user friendly instrument to purchase products and services offered on flipkart.com using a variety of unique bank channels that Euronet powers today.
"This initiative will not just help in bringing new customers on-board but can also potentially bring greater efficiency and scale in existing operations," Sr. Director - Marketing, Flipkart," Mausam Bhatt said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi elections likely in Feb next year  Union cabinet okays dissolution of assemblyUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

Srinagar: Clashes over killing of youths in army firingValley tense after killing of youths in army firing
Peerzada Ashiq , Hindustan Times  Srinagar, November 04, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Clashes between securitymen and protesters erupted in Srinagar on Tuesday in the wake of the death of two youngsters in army firing in Kashmir.
Srinagar witnessed protests on Tuesday over security restrictions on Muharram processions and the death of two people in firing. (AP Photo)
At a time when the militancy-hit state is gearing up for assembly elections, security forces were busy tackling curfew-defying crowds on Tuesday in Srinagar's Nowgam area.
A huge contingent of securitymen was pitted against stone-throwing protesters, who tried to march towards the Jammu-Baramulla National Highway. The clashes led to closure of traffic on the highway.
Budgam killings would vitiate poll atmosphere: Omar
Tension gripped the Valley after two youth travelling in a car were killed and two others were injured when they were fired upon by army personnel in Chattergam area in Budgam district around 5pm on Monday.
The army admitted to firing at a white Maruti by the personnel of its mobile vehicle check points after it "failed to stop", and later regretted the deaths.
The army's Srinagar-based spokesperson said, "The condition of the two youth (injured in the firing) is stable. The families of the injured were immediately contacted and brought to 92 Base Hospital. The army is also in touch with the bereaved families of the other two."
The army also said it had initiated an inquiry into the firing. "Overnight, the personnel alleged to be involved in the incident were moved to the location of the inquiry," said the spokesperson.
Both hardline and moderate Hurriyat groups condemned the deaths. The moderate wing of the Hurriyat called a shutdown on Wednesday.
Stressing the guilty must be punished, Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, who was kept under house arrest on Tuesday, said, "The killing of two innocent youth by the army is highly condemnable. A complete shutdown should be observed tomorrow (Wednesday)."
Earlier on Tuesday, the youth - Faisal Ahmad Bhat and Mehraj-du-Din Ahmad Dar (both in their twenties) - were laid to rest. They were residents of Nowgam, which is on the outskirts of Srinagar.
People took out rallies in Chattergam, 5km from Nowgam, as well.
The government late on Monday evening imposed curfew-like restrictions in view of Muharram processions in Srinagar. Concertina wires and barricades were set up across the city to stop protests and vehicular movement.
Abdul Ghani Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir, said an FIR was registered in connection with the case, which many fear could disturb the situation in Kashmir ahead of the November-December polls.
The ruling National Conference (NC) asked the Election Commission of India (ECI) to order a probe into the incident.
"Since the Model Code of Conduct is in effect due to the electoral process, the party appeals to the ECI to announce a time-bound probe into the incident or allow the state government to investigate and take suitable action based on the findings," said NC general secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar.
The incident forced political parties to cancel election rallies in south Kashmir on Tuesday.
People's Democratic Party (PDP) president Mehbooba Mufti called off her rally in Rajpora constituency in Pulwama district.
Similarly, the newly floated Kashmir Development Front, headed by former bureaucrat Farooq Renzu, cancelled its road shows in Budgam, Pulwama and Anantnag districts.

AstraZeneca Q2 Loss Widens to Rs 27 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
AstraZeneca Q2 Loss Widens to Rs 27.96 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 22:11 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Drug firm AstraZeneca on Monday reported a net loss of Rs 27.96 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014.
The company has posted a net loss of Rs 1.22 crore for the corresponding period a year ago.
AstraZeneca's total income from operation during the quarter under review was at Rs 114.67 against Rs 115.66 crore in the second quarter of the last fiscal, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said that the result was not comparable as AstraZeneca group companies had acquired the global diabetic business of Bristol Myers Squibb Company.
Consequent to the acquisition, it had entered into a consignment sale agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb India for a transition period from February 1, 2014, to May 31, 2014, after which the company is directly selling these products.
Shares in AstraZeneca, on Monday, ended at Rs 912.15 apiece on the BSE, up 4.85 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:17 (IST)

BSE small-cap  mid-cap indices outperform SensexBSE small-cap, mid-cap indices outperform Sensex
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 16:09 IST
Buoyed by robust stock market sentiment, the small-cap and mid-cap indices of the BSE have rallied by up to 56 per cent, outperforming the larger index-Sensex-this fiscal.
The small-cap index of the BSE has given a return of 55.86 per cent, followed by mid-cap index with 40.29 per cent gain. On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip index Sensex has been at 24.11 per cent from April 1 till date, an analysis of the three indices showed.
The Sensex touched its all-time high of 27,969.82 on Monday. The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,068.63 on September 16 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,352.01 on the same day.
Experts said when markets perform well, smaller stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty, greater losses are seen in mid and small-cap scrips.
Analysts said bullish investor sentiment following a new government at the Centre and robust foreign fund inflows have been fuelling rally in the domestic equity markets.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion), taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and their activity in this segment has been upbeat over the past few months.
Market players say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on an average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.

RSS tightens grip on Vasundhara RajegovernmentAs RSS increasingly wrests control over the state’s functioning, Raje, not particularly favoured by the right-wing body, finds herself in a tight spot.
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 4, 2014 3:27 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 3:51 pm
Barely in a span of one week, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh in Rajasthan has nudged its way into two significant slots – the state cabinet and Rajasthan University , considered one of the largest universities in the country. After keeping Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje’s proposed list for her cabinet expansion on hold for months, the RSS not only secured key berths in the Raje cabinet but also ensured that their most popular and trusted face, Gulab Chand Kataria effectively becomes the second in command in the state. The back and forth on the list seems to have significant gains for both parties, as Raje managed to keep her control and the RSS secured slots for its supporters too.
Within days, the Vice Chancellor of Rajasthan University, Dr. Dev Swarup, appointed by the previous Congress government, was on the brink, appealing to Governor Kalyan Singh for ‘cooperation’ lest he would resign. Swarup cited RSS pressure, administrative logjam, withheld funds. Singh chose to accept his resignation instead.
As RSS increasingly wrests control over the state’s functioning, Raje, not particularly favoured by the right-wing body, finds herself in a tight spot. Raje is known for her liberal outlook and has failed to see eye-to-eye with the Sangh. In her previous term, Raje had the support of Bhairon Singh Shekhawat and LK Advani, a buffer that no longer cushions her.
Even as she finds herself being pushed into a corner, Raje is far from giving in. She handed out the Home department to Kataria but withheld his power to allow transfers and postings. Raje agreed to accommodate only those RSS faces that she personally approves and put her foot down on the naysayers. The overwhelming majority in the state assembly, 160 in a house of 200 legislators, has been Raje’s biggest strength.
So far in the face of RSS pressure, the CM has dropped her trusted soldiers like a hot potato, be it her long-standing friend Lalit Modi or aide Rajendra Rathore. By alienating Modi, she has already invited his wrath as he spewed venom in full public glare on Twitter. Whether keeping her distance from Rathore, who continues to hold key positions in the state cabinet, is merely an eyewash only time will tell. The stakes on the Raje-RSS battle are high.

Qatar s wealth fund to launch $10 billion investment fund with China s CITICQatar s wealth fund to launch $10 billion investment fund with China s CITIC
Cabinet okays L-G s report on dissolution of Delhi AssemblyCabinet okays L-G s report on dissolution of Delhi Assembly
EPIC RESEARCH SINGAPORE - Daily SGX Singapore Market News update of 04 November 2014EPIC RESEARCH SINGAPORE - Daily SGX Singapore Market News update of 04 November 2014
Black Money Mukt Bharat: It s beyond Swiss bank accountsHi Guest
Black Money Mukt Bharat: It's beyond Swiss bank accounts
Black money can take the form of a high-end property in Southeast Asia, a cruise ship floating on the Mediterranean or blue-chip shares held via an offshore fund manager, says N Sundaresha Subramanian.   Image: It is highly likely that most of the black money is neither in Switzerland nor lying in an account. Photograph: Arnd Wiegmann/Reuters. A lot has been said and written about the black money stashed abroad and ways of bringing it back. Surprisingly, not much of it is related to stock ...

Soon  Google content in local Indian languagesHi Guest
Soon, Google content in local Indian languages
To expand the reach of the Internet to the 60 per cent non-English speaking people in the country, Google India has initiated an Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA), a group of stakeholders in this domain who will help push language content online. The first set of partners of this alliance include media firms such as ABP News, Amar Ujala, Jagran Prakashan, NDTV, Network 18, Times Internet Limited, and others, apart from technology companies and the government-run Centre for Development of ...

100 Indian Companies Expected To Take Part In France Business Summit100 Indian Companies Expected To Take Part In France Business Summit
RB India extends brand Dettol to wipesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
RB India extends brand Dettol to wipes 
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi Nov 4 :  
RB (formerly known as Reckitt Benckiser) has entered the multi-use wipes segment under its brand Dettol in India.
In a statement, Nitish Kapoor, Managing Director – RB India said, the launch marks the expansion of Dettol's brand portfolio in a new segment.
He added, “Over the years we have become the trusted champions of health and remained truly consistent to our core of germ protection. With the increasing focus on personal hygiene, Dettol Multi-Use Wipes is an ideal solution at home, in the car, office, or on holiday to stay protected from the dirt you can see and the germs that you can’t.”
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Global energy technology summit on Nov 7 & 8Global energy technology summit on Nov 7 & 8
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
With emergence of new technologies in power sector, state-run NTPC plans to organise an annual international technical summit — Global Energy Technology Summit — this year onwards.
The first event will be held here on November 7-8, 2014, NTPC said in a statement.
The company said: “The complex business challenges that are being faced by the power sector can prominently be resolved by aggressively adopting the best technologies available today while giving due priority to the emerging technologies leading to their maturity and commercial viability at the soonest.”
The conference will focus on emerging new technologies for facing the future challenges of power industry, ways to tackle scarcity of fossil fuels, water resources, land, environmental challenges and rapid capacity additions.
About 75 international experts actively engaged in technology development from all over the world shall be interacting with about 700 Indian experts and policy makers during the summit, the statement said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Dabur India launches premium offering RatnaprashHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dabur India launches premium offering Ratnaprash
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Dabur has launched its premium offering of its Chyawanprash called Dabur Ratnaprash. Ratnaprash is targeted at adults and is available in two sizes: 450g (for Rs 285) and 900g (for Rs 550).
In a statement, Ajay Parihar, Category Head-Health Supplements, Dabur India, said, “This marks a first for Dabur and for the healthcare industry in India…we are now offering the same immunity and health benefits of Dabur Chyawanprash while enriching it with precious ingredients like Moti, Kesar, Musali, amla and Brahmi to give you all-day-long energy and vigour.”
He said that it has been designed “to give the power of youth to those who feel that the stress of day-to-day living leaves them drained of energy.”
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 mn/year salaryHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 mn/year salary
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar, its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of USD 1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances.
Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of USD 1 million per annum plus USD 150,000 in a special allowance/foreign service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one—time joining bonus of USD 1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full—time CEO since its long—standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group—controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company’s annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders’ nod for the appointment.
“He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro—Canada and Suncor Energy. Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on—ground execution,” Cairn said in the notice.
He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited. He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango’s resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. PK Mukherjee, Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd’s iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act.
“Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act,” it added.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Airtel Africa launches Thuraya satellite operations in 12 countriesAirtel Africa launches Thuraya satellite operations in 12 countries
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Nov 4:  
Airtel Africa, a subsidiary of Indian telecommunications company Airtel, has partnered with Dubai-based mobile satellite services provider Thuraya to launch its products and services in 12 African countries and tap the growing demand for communication services.
Thuraya’s satellite phones and IP+ broadband terminals can now be purchased by Airtel’s customers through the company’s Africa subsidiaries in the Congo-Brazzaville, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya and Zambia.
“The services are to be provided to 12 countries in Africa,” Andre Beyers, Chief Marketing Officer at Airtel Africa, said.
Despite rapid economic progress, many countries in Africa still lack terrestrial connectivity and often have to build new networks from the ground.
Bilal El Hamoui, Vice-President of Commercial at Thuraya said, “Thuraya recognises the importance of connecting Africa’s most remote regions, which will enable businesses and communities to thrive and grow.”
“Our partnership with Thuraya demonstrates Airtel Africa’s commitment to deliver innovative products that offer 100 per cent coverage within the 17 markets we cover.
“The collaboration spearheads the convergence between satellite and mobile communications, which addresses the growing demand for communications technology in Africa,” Beyers said.
Airtel Africa intends to further expand into its five remaining markets, he added.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Surprised  Greg Chappell denies Sachin Tendulkar s claim in autobiographyWill not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI
Former India coach Greg Chappell today hit back at Sachin Tendulkar and rubbished the champion batsman’s claim that he had made a “shocking” suggestion to him to take over India’s captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Sachin Tendulkar has written in his autobiography ‘Playing it My Way’, due for release on Thursday, that the Australian visited his house months before the 2007 World Cup and tried to convince him to take over the captaincy from Dravid.
But Greg Chappell said he was stunned by the claims.
“Whilst I don’t propose to get into a war of words, I can state quite clearly that during my time as Indian coach I never contemplated Sachin replacing Rahul Dravid as captain,” Chappell said in a statement.
“I was therefore very surprised to read the claims made in the book.
“During those years, I only ever visited Sachin’s home once, and that was with our physio and assistant coach during Sachin’s rehabilitation from injury, at least 12 months earlier than what was reported in the book,” he said.
Chappell said he enjoyed a pleasant afternoon at Tendulkar’s home and the captaincy issue never came up for discussion.
“We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised,” Chappell added.
In the book Tendulkar wrote that Chappell told him that together they could “control Indian cricket for years”.
“Together, we could control Indian cricket for years”, the Australian told Tendulkar during a visit to his home when he offered to “help me in taking over the reins of the side” from Dravid, the master batsman writes in his autobiography.
Tendulkar said he was shocked by the suggestion and the lack of respect shown to Dravid by Chappell.
In the book, Tendulkar is scathing in his criticism of Chappell who was the national coach from 2005 to 2007, describing him as a “ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not”.
TAGS: Greg Chappell Sachin Tendulkar
More from miscellaneous

After 118% cost overrun  OPaL in final talks with foreign players to sell26%Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
ONGC Petro additions (OPaL), a petrochemical project at Dahej promoted by ONGC, GAIL and GSPC, has seen its cost rise to Rs 27,100 crore, up 118% from the initial estimate of Rs 12,440 crore, owing mainly to delays caused by the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contractors.
To make up for the fund shortfall, the promoters are likely to announce a foreign equity partner for a 26% stake in the project by as early as December, sources privy to the matter told FE.
“Talks for equity participation with a foreign company are in the last phase. The announcement may be made in the next 30-45 days,” said one of the officials directly involved with the discussions. He did not divulge the name of the foreign players talking to OPaL promoters.
In January, ONGC had signed an initial agreement with Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC) for “broad cooperation” by which the West Asian firm could buy a stake in OPaL.
OPaL is now set to achieve mechanical completion by March next year while commercial production would kick off by June 2015, the official added.
This is not the first time OPaL’s costs have gone up. The initial estimated investment of Rs 12,440 crore was first revised upwards to Rs 15,870 crore in 2008, further to Rs 19,535 crore in 2010 and again to Rs 21,396 crore last year. The new estimate of Rs 27,100 crore is yet to be approved by the ONGC board.
After taking over, minister of state (independent charge) for petroleum and natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan had directed ONGC to complete OPaL and ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals (OMPL) on top priority.
The project has raised debt to the tune of Rs 14,000 crore. ONGC holds a 26% stake in the project while GSPC has 5% and GAIL has 19% in the project. The joint venture partners are looking to sell the remaining stake to strategic investors.
The official said the cracker has already been commissioned. Other utilities related to power and water supplies are also being commissioned.
The rise in cost may also lead to a rejig in the equity participation by ONGC’s partners GAIL and GSPC. For instance, the GAIL board approved an investment of Rs 996.28 crore at inception, which, at the revised cost,  would fetch a lower stake.
OPaL is setting up a grassroots mega petrochemical project at Dahej in Gujarat. The complex’s main dual-feed cracker unit will have the capacity to produce 1,100 kilo-tonnes per annum (ktpa) ethylene and 400 ktpa propylene, and the associated units consist of a pyrolysis gasoline hydrogenation unit, a butadiene extraction unit and a benzene extraction unit.
OPaL aims to export products overseas to countries such as Africa, China, Singapore, Turkey, Pakistan, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
TAGS: Dahej EPC GAIL GSPC ONGC ONGC Petro Additions OPaL
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Offline retailers in apparel  lifestyle rue losing festival sales to onlineplayersMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Discounts offered by online marketplaces like Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal this festive season have taken a toll on the business proceeds of their brick-and-mortar counterparts, especially in the apparel and lifestyle segments. Several store managers of popular apparel brands like Arrow, Allen Solly, Pepe Jeans and Indian Terrain FE spoke to rued that their Diwali business has taken a hit due to a surge in popularity of online stores, thanks to the discounts.
For instance, the store manager at an Allen Solly outlet on a plush Bangalore locality said on the condition of anonymity that the store sold products worth Rs 14 lakh in the two weeks leading to Diwali against Rs 18 lakh in the corresponding period last year.
“We have witnessed a slump in business this Diwali. Customers want discounts, even on fresh stocks, pampered by e-commerce discounts. We can’t afford that,” the manager said.
The store manager at Indian Terrain concurred. “We did a business of Rs 26 lakh last Diwali.This year, we did only Rs 19 lakh. An internal survey of our stores have shown such a slump in most places. This, despite running promotions and discounts for end of season sale. Customers don’t always understand that the products available online and different from those available in the stores. These are fresh products which usually comes once in six months,” the manager said.
The backlash from retailers has, for the time being, prompted e-tailers to withdraw direct discounts. However, e-tailers have promotional coupons that are equivalent to discount. For instance, on Flipkart, no discount is offered on Van Heusen shirts priced at Rs 1,899. But a promotional coupon offering a discount of 32% on all purchases over Rs 1,799 reduces the price of the product to Rs 1,291.
In a bid to give some relief to the brick-and-mortar stores, manufacturers had recently shot off letters to e-tailers, threatening to stop supply if the discounts were not withdrawn. “We have a written agreement stating that they need our approval before putting products on discount, which they did not adhere to. The letter had an effect. But e-commerce is going to grow. The best way is to offer non-competing products to the online and offline channels,” said Woodland India managing director Harkirat Singh.
In the electronics segment, it has,  however, emerged that in some cases brick-and-mortar stores offered better deals to customers looking for a discount. According to a survey by gadget research site 91mobiles.com, brick-and-mortar retailers are neck and neck with e-tailers when it comes to offering competitive prices. The survey, which took into account 30 popular phone models, suggests that some of the popular models are priced a meagre 5-8% cheaper in online stores.
For instance, iPhone 5S, which costs anything between Rs 35,000 and Rs 41,000 in brick-and-mortar stores, was available at Rs 34,000 on Flipkart, a mere 3% additional discount. The same phone was available at Rs 37,789 on Amazon and Rs 36,650 on Snapdeal. Again, an HTC Desire 516, available at anything between Rs 11,999 and Rs 13,000 in brick-and-mortar stores, was being sold at Rs 10,890 on Amazon and Rs 10,836 on Snapdeal while Flipkart priced it at Rs 11,700. A Sony Experia M, priced at Rs 9,700-Rs 10,500 in physical stores, was available for Rs 9,557 on Amazon, a mere 1% discount.
“This kind of sale at lower than cost price is discontinuous disruption and is against all fair practices of trade. This is creating chaos in the whole distribution network and has resulted in loss of sales for companies and downtrading happens in the market,” Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO of The Mobile Store, told FE. The company has its own online platform that generates roughly 8% of its revenues.
According to Chakrawarti, while e-commerce firms get foreign direct investment (FDI) to indulge in “predatory pricing”, the rule clearly says FDI is disallowed in the sector.
“This brings in lack of transparency and regulation about the way the business is carried out. FDI is clearly funding this subsidisation of consumers. We are asking for a level playing field. Let the government change the law of land and make FDI permissible in e-commerce.”
TAGS: Allen Solly Amazon FDI Flipkart Offline Retailers Pepe Jeans Snapdeal
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Flipkart rejigs seniormanagementMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
In a senior management rejig, online marketplace Flipkart has bestowed more responsibility on Mukesh Bansal, who joined Flipkart as VP-Fashion after it acquired Myntra, the online fashion store he founded. In his new role, apart from manning Flipkart’s fashion vertical, Bansal will oversee marketing at Flipkart and handle additional portfolios like computers and consumer electronics.
This apart, Ankit Nagori, who, until now, was head of Flipkart’s marketplace business, will handle the books category as well. Michael Adnani, VP-retail and head of strategic alliances, and Amitesh Jha, who heads consumer electronics and computers at Flipkart, will report directly to Mukesh Bansal.
Incidentally, Flipkart has, of late, tasted phenomenal success with exclusive brand tie-ups with mobile phone makers Motorola and Xiaomi. While Motorola is believed to have sold over 10 lakh units through Flipkart, Xiaomi sold at least 5 lakh phones.
Besides, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who has moved from Tiger Global to the helm of Flipkart’s finance department after its CFO Karandeep Singh quit in February 2013, will relinquish his position. Krishnamurthy will move back to Tiger Global, where he was finance director for the global investor’s portfolio companies. Flipkart recently hired former Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to head its finance department.
The announcement was made by Flipkart co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal in an internal email to senior employees. The letter, accessed by FE, states: “Kalyan came on board full-time in January 2013 as an interim CFO. We were facing multiple challenges in business and finance and, at that time, Kalyan was instrumental in fundamentally changing the business trajectory for us with passion and drive. Kalyan, Mukesh and Ankit will be setting up meetings with relevant stakeholders and work out the transition plan.”
Krishnamurthy had assumed the role of senior VP-Retail in March 2014. His last day at Flipkart will be November 15, the letter stated.
A Flipkart spokesperson said: “Flipkart is a new age and agile company, and organisational changes are regular for us. Realigning roles and responsibilities help us keep pace with our aggressive growth and the dynamic environment we operate in.”
TAGS: Ankit Nagori Flipkart Flipkart CFO Kalyan Krishnamurthy Mukesh Bansal
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Gold ends steady in thin trade; silver down on globalcuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices ruled steady at Rs 26,350 per ten gram at the bullion market today in the national capital today as jewellers deferred their buying activity on hopes of a fall in the precious metal prices in coming days amid a weak trend overseas.
Silver remained under pressure and prices fell further by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg owing to slackened demand from industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said lack of buying support from retailers and jewellers who preferred to keep their activity restricted, anticipating further fall in coming days, mainly kept gold prices unchanged.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, traded lower at almost four year-low of USD 1,165.70 an ounce, on expectations that the Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates while other central banks add stimulus, boosting the dollar and hurting bullion demand.
Silver also fell by 1 per cent to USD 15.98 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity held steady at Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively, while sovereign traded at last level of Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and moved further down by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg, while weekly-based delivery rebounded by Rs 600 to Rs 35,940 per kg on speculative buying.
Silver dropped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 59,000 for buying and Rs 60,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Current Gold Price Current Silver Price Gold Price Silver Price
More from commodities

20 review petitions filed on SC ruling cancelling 204 coal blockallocationsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
As many as 20 review petitions have been filed with the Supreme Court (SC) regarding its recent judgement that cancelled all 204 of 218 coal blocks allotted to mining companies between 1993 and 2011 and directed levy of penalties at the rate of R295 per tonne on coal extracted so far.
Generally, review petitions rarely succeed as the grounds raised are limited and the court would have considered almost all aspects raised in fresh pleas.
Independent Power Producers Association of India, JSW Energy, Bhushan Power, Prism Cement, Monnet Ispat, Jindal Steel & Power, Usha Martin and others have filed review petitions stating they were not heard and the SC should have appointed a fact-finding committee, which could have given opportunity to them to present their cases, thus they were deprived of their “vital rights”.
However, many state utilities have not filed their review petitions, saying they have been taken care of by the ordinance issued by the Central government last month that approved a plan for e-auctioning the cancelled blocks to end-user private players of coal from the power, steel and cement sectors and enables commercial mining by private companies in future. Even the government entities, including public sector units such as NTPC and State Electricity Boards, will not have to go through the auction route as a pool of coal mines will be reserved for allocations to them from the cancelled blocks.
The companies further stated that they had acted on the government’s representation and had followed all the applicable laws/procedures in the grant of coal blocks, which “have been allocated by six democratically elected governments over the last 20 years. The uniform procedure adopted by the UoI for 20 years, ought not to be held to be illegal”.
“The petitioner was a bonafide allocatee of the coal block and it had no reason to believe that the procedure was not followed by the government… Thus the petitioner cannot be penalised for procedural and other lapses on the part of the UoI,” the review petition filed by JSW Energy stated.
The SC should have appreciated that for the so-called arbitrary/wrongful act of the government, it could not and should not be penalised, said JSW Energy, which was allocated the Utkal A and Gopal Prasad (West) coal block in Odisha jointly with JSW Steel, Mahanadi Coal, JSL and Shyam DRI Power for establishment of an integrated plant.
“Several thousands of crores of investments have been made based on the grant of coal blocks… the entire funding by banks and FIs have been done to the project taking into account the assured fuel for end-use plants by the captive coal blocks. Even third parties including vendors, lenders etc have acted on the basis of government allocation made in favour of coal allocatee,” the allocatee stated.
According to them, the court’s reasoning that the state government is the owner of the coal blocks and under the MMDR Act 1957 the application should have been submitted to it was “totally erroneous” as “finally the grant of coal block has been made pursuant to the consultative process between the state governments and the Central government”.
Pursuant to declaring the entire allocation of coal blocks from 1993 till 2009 as illegal on August 25, the Supreme Court had in September cancelled all 214 of 218 coal blocks allotted to mining companies for their captive use. However, it exempted two coal blocks allotted to Sasan Power Ultra Mega Power Projects, operated by Reliance Power, and one each given to state-run NTPC and SAIL. The cancellation is effective March 31, 2015.
TAGS: Coal Allocation Supreme Court Supreme Court Coal Block Allocation
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

PMO meets commerce ministry  plans a WTO peace clauseproposalMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Prime Minister’s Office on Monday held a meeting with the commerce ministry on World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations in the wake of the readiness shown by the US to discuss India’s concerns on food security.
Although India is unlikely to retract from its stance on the issue, sources said, it is evaluating a proposal for “a perpetual peace clause” till a “permanent solution” is found on the issue of public stock holding for food security. A peace clause like this would ensure developing countries  are not taken to world body’s dispute settlement panel even if their domestic support to farmers crosses the limits prescribed.
The WTO members had failed to meet the July 31 deadline for signing the protocol of Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), mainly due to India’s stance that an agreement on a permanent solution to the food security issue should be arrived at by December-end this year so that it can be implemented with the TFA and a package for least developed countries.
TFA was meant to ease global customs rules and add $1 trillion to the global economy in addition to creating 21 million jobs. India has since said it is not opposed to TFA, but added that while members engaged with commitment on TFA to quickly resolve issues, the same urgency was not shown on the issue of food security.
The Bali package had an ‘peace clause’ preventing WTO members from taking any developing country to the dispute settlement panel for violating the norms that the trade distorting domestic support should not be over 10% of the total production.
Once the Bali package is amended to include such a clause, India will not then come in the way of signing the TFA, the sources said.
TAGS: Commerce Ministry Narendra Modi Prime Minister’s Office Trade Facilitation Agreement World Trade Organisation
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

New wilful defaulter law put on the backburnerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
A more stringent law on wilful defaulters, a plan contemplated by the previous UPA government, is not high on the agenda of the Narendra Modi dispensation, which, instead, would now focus on ways to ensure that lenders get possession of the defaulters’ property quickly enough to stem value erosion.
Sources told FE that the government has decided to amend the Sarfaesi Act and the law on Debt Recovery Tribunals (DRT) to help the lenders lay their hands on the defaulters’ assets more expeditiously than now.
While the overall approach to tackle wilful defaulting is being discussed within the finance ministry, it has also sought the Reserve Bank’s (RBI)  opinion on whether there is at all a need for a separate legislation and separate courts with contempt powers to handle wilful defaulters.
The sources added that even if a new legislation to handle wilful defaulters is brought, which could have provisions for huge penalties, there are few takers in the ministry for an earlier plan to impose jail terms on them.
The ministry feels the RBI Master Circular on defaulters, the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, recovery laws such as the Sarfaesi Act, DRT as well as the Indian criminal and civil laws are more than enough to handle all types of defaulters.  According to feedback received from lenders, putting defaulter business persons behind bars and imposing hefty fines on defaulters might have a deterrent effect, but will not actually serve the purpose of recovering unpaid dues, the sources said.
Those against a new wilful defaulter law also feel that a stringent wilful defaulter law will only scare away genuine entrepreneurs and business persons, who will fear that they might get the rough end of the stick in times of economic slowdown, during which many suffer due to cash-flow problems. Therefore, it is better to focus on reviving the economy that will in turn help business persons repay loans promptly, they said.
Expediting the process of enactment of a bankruptcy law will also ensure that India Inc can easily exit non-viable businesses so that the assets can either be sold off or put back to use quickly, they added.
“A new law will definitely take time. Meanwhile, we will soon try to amend Sarfaesi law and the Recovery of Debts Due to Banks and Financial Institutions Act (under which the DRTs have been set up),” a highly placed official told FE.
According to a finance ministry official, “The proposed wilful defaulter law is not a priority now. We have asked the RBI for its comments on whether a separate law is needed at all. Banks are only keen on recovery and not more litigation and delays. Besides, defaulters may be committing economic offences and may even have genuine difficulties in running their businesses, but hardly any of them are siphoning off bank money for acts such as drug trafficking, illegal arms trade and terrorism.”
The finance ministry has asked all the state governments to ensure that district magistrates (DMs) help lenders in taking possession of the property in a time-bound manner. The ministry has said that if DMs are still not prompt in helping the lenders, it might bring in amendments to the Sarfaesi law to ensure time-bound possession and transfer of property to lenders.
Observing delays in DRT due to several adjournments, the ministry is also considering amendments to the concerned legislation to ensure that the parties asking for a stay order from the DRT should first deposit a certain amount with the lender. The government will also soon increase the number of DRT benches and appoint more officials in DRTs.
By Arun S
TAGS: Debt Recovery Tribunals Defaulter Law Finance Ministry
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Surprised Greg Chappell denies Sachin Tendulkars claim inautobiographyMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Former India coach Greg Chappell today hit back at Sachin Tendulkar and rubbished the champion batsman’s claim that he had made a “shocking” suggestion to him to take over India’s captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Sachin Tendulkar has written in his autobiography ‘Playing it My Way’, due for release on Thursday, that the Australian visited his house months before the 2007 World Cup and tried to convince him to take over the captaincy from Dravid.
But Greg Chappell said he was stunned by the claims.
“Whilst I don’t propose to get into a war of words, I can state quite clearly that during my time as Indian coach I never contemplated Sachin replacing Rahul Dravid as captain,” Chappell said in a statement.
“I was therefore very surprised to read the claims made in the book.
“During those years, I only ever visited Sachin’s home once, and that was with our physio and assistant coach during Sachin’s rehabilitation from injury, at least 12 months earlier than what was reported in the book,” he said.
Chappell said he enjoyed a pleasant afternoon at Tendulkar’s home and the captaincy issue never came up for discussion.
“We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised,” Chappell added.
In the book Tendulkar wrote that Chappell told him that together they could “control Indian cricket for years”.
“Together, we could control Indian cricket for years”, the Australian told Tendulkar during a visit to his home when he offered to “help me in taking over the reins of the side” from Dravid, the master batsman writes in his autobiography.
Tendulkar said he was shocked by the suggestion and the lack of respect shown to Dravid by Chappell.
In the book, Tendulkar is scathing in his criticism of Chappell who was the national coach from 2005 to 2007, describing him as a “ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not”.
 
TAGS: Greg Chappell Rahul Dravid Sachin Tendulkar Sachin Tendulkar Autobiography
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

FIIs hike stake in HDFC to record-high of nearly 78 percentMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Emerging as one of the most-liked stocks for foreign funds, mortgage giant HDFC has seen overseas investors raising their stake in the company to a record-high of nearly 78 per cent during the quarter ended September 2014.
The mortgage financier has also become the first listed Indian company among 30 Sensex firms to have over 75 per cent shareholding by foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
Cumulative FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September quarter this year from 73.09 per cent in three months ended September last year, according to data from stock exchanges.
In the April-June quarter of 2014, FIIs’ holding in HDFC stood at 77.36 per cent.
Moreover, shareholding of overseas players or FIIs in HDFC has been steadily rising since September last year.
The rise of overseas shareholding in the mortgage lender, one of the highest among the country’s 30 listed blue-chip companies, coincides with overall bullishness shown by foreign entities in the Indian stock market.
According to market experts, overseas investors have shown interest in HDFC because of the smart returns given by the company.
In May 2012, HDFC’s board had approved raising FII limit in the company to 100 per cent.
During the July-September quarter, HDFC shares surged by 6.25 per cent, as against 4.78 per cent gain in BSE’s benchmark Sensex.
In the same period, FIIs have invested a staggering sum of more than Rs 23,000 crore in the Indian equities on the back of ongoing reform initiatives taken by the central government.
Besides, the overall holding of institutional investors also rose to 88.17 per cent during July-September period of this year from 88.01 per cent at the end of June 30, 2014, mostly on account of additional share purchases by FIIs.
The domestic institutional holdings stood at 10.32 per cent as on September 30, 2014, down from 10.65 per cent in April-June quarter of 2014.
TAGS: HDFC HDFC FII Sensex Firms
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

E-commerce players ShopClues  Snapdeal  Amazon on advertisingblitzkriegMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
IT’S been raining e-commerce ads this festive season with brands going full throttle on television. But what was supposed to be an invitation to consumers to look the e-tailing way as they shopped for the season, turned out to be an overkill. With no unique positioning adopted by any player, the advertising has failed to leave any imprint on the minds of consumers.
“Any e-commerce player advertising at this point in time on traditional media is not looking at building the brand, but is only concentrating on catching the consumers’ attention,” said Nabankur Gupta, founder and CEO, Nobby Brand Architects & Strategic Marketing Consultants.
Most of the television commercials are on the similar lines with minor variations. So while the ad from ShopClues, the online marketplace, talks about offering products at “wholesale prices”, the Snapdeal ad talks about ‘Diwali Bumper Sale’. The Amazon ad again promises a variety of offers during the on-going festive season. All this when companies are placing bigger sums on the table to woo the consumer.
This year the e-commerce sector is expected to spend close to R2000 crore on advertising, higher than the expected spend of R1500-1700 crore of the auto sector.
Snapdeal, the second largest e-commerce company in the country, launched as many as 40 television commercials featuring a range of celebrities such as actors Alok Nath and Mandira Bedi and cricket commentator Harsha Bhogle in the past few weeks.
“We have strategically chosen the most popular characters from the best loved TV shows across India to connect with our wide consumer base.  The idea was to talk about the Diwali Bumper sale, using characters that everyone can related with,” said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior VP marketing at Snapdeal.
Amazon too has worked on the same plank using celebrities. “After the launch of the mass media advertising campaign in May this year, we released our second campaign for the festive season. We are very delighted with the response we have received so far from our consumers,” said Manish Kalra, director integrated marketing, Amazon India.
With television advertising rates witnessing a jump of 15% during the festive season this year, e-commerce players have shelled out R1.5-2 lakh for a 10-second spot on Hindi general entertainment channels such as Star Plus and Colors and R1-1.2 lakh on channels such as Zee TV, Life OK and Sony. Moreover, separate deals have been signed with broadcasters for R3-4 crore. The deals not only provide e-commerce players access to popular television artists, they also include ad spots on the channels during prime-time, that is, 8-11 pm.
Online classifieds site Quikr too is happy with its strategy. Pranay Chulet, founder and CEO of Quikr, says that being on prime-time has helped the classifieds website to reach out to its target consumers directly, especially during the festive season, when consumers tend to sell or give away old household items and buy new ones. “The audience is closely attached to television artists and when they promote a brand, it lends more credibility,” he added.
However, Nobby Brand Architects’s Gupta points out that ultimately it is the steep discounts offered by the e-commerce companies which is actually getting the eyeballs and pulling in the footfalls. “Deep discounts is the only factor which is working in their favour this festive season. So whether a brand has a popular face in its commercial or not does not really matter, it is eventually about how much discount is being offered. If one e-commerce site is offering a 70% discount, it will definitely get noticed,” he said.
 
TAGS: Amazon E Commerce E-commerce Advertising ShopClues Snapdeal
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

PMO meets commerce ministry  plans a WTO peace clause proposalMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Prime Minister’s Office on Monday held a meeting with the commerce ministry on World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations in the wake of the readiness shown by the US to discuss India’s concerns on food security.
Although India is unlikely to retract from its stance on the issue, sources said, it is evaluating a proposal for “a perpetual peace clause” till a “permanent solution” is found on the issue of public stock holding for food security. A peace clause like this would ensure developing countries  are not taken to world body’s dispute settlement panel even if their domestic support to farmers crosses the limits prescribed.
The WTO members had failed to meet the July 31 deadline for signing the protocol of Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), mainly due to India’s stance that an agreement on a permanent solution to the food security issue should be arrived at by December-end this year so that it can be implemented with the TFA and a package for least developed countries.
TFA was meant to ease global customs rules and add $1 trillion to the global economy in addition to creating 21 million jobs. India has since said it is not opposed to TFA, but added that while members engaged with commitment on TFA to quickly resolve issues, the same urgency was not shown on the issue of food security.
The Bali package had an ‘peace clause’ preventing WTO members from taking any developing country to the dispute settlement panel for violating the norms that the trade distorting domestic support should not be over 10% of the total production.
Once the Bali package is amended to include such a clause, India will not then come in the way of signing the TFA, the sources said.
TAGS: Commerce Ministry Narendra Modi Prime Minister’s Office Trade Facilitation Agreement World Trade Organisation
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Marutis AMT line under Magneti Marelli JV may go operational next yearMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
To cope with high demand for its Automated Manual Transmission (AMT) powered Celerio and the new Alto K10, Maruti Suzuki is setting up a new AMT manufacturing line at Manesar under its joint venture with Italy’s Magneti Marelli. While the company did not mention the investment, the line is expected to be operational next year.
“We are hoping to meet the high demand for the AMTs by next year. We expect 30-40% of our small car sales to come from AMT,” Maruti MD Kenichi Ayukawa said, adding that for the new Alto K10 about 20% of the sales are expected to come from the AMT variant.
Another official added, “Currently we have a supply of 3,500 AMT kits per month, which is being increased to 5,000. These kits are locally assembled by Magneti from imported parts. With the new line, local manufacturing will start, helping us increase volumes faster.”
For the Celerio, on which the AMT technology made its local debut, 40% of the 83,000 orders between January and October this year came for the AMT version. On Monday, the new Alto K10 became Maruti’s second car to offer the technology, with others like the WagonR expected to follow suit. In the domestic market, Tata Motors also offers the AMT in its new Zest compact sedan, while Mahindra and Renault are both developing cars for India with the AMT.
Magneti, a Fiat Group company and supplier of the AMT kits to both Maruti and Tata Motors (for the Zest), has a joint venture with Maruti since 2007. About Rs 75 crore was invested in the JV when it was formed, with Magneti controlling 51%, Maruti 19% and Maruti’s Japanese parent Suzuki Motor Corporation 30%. The supplier unit, part of the 14 other similar auto component joint ventures of Maruti, makes several parts like diesel engine ECUs and gearboxes.
TAGS: Maruti Celerio Maruti Suzuki New Alto K10
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Europe shrugs off Japan stocks rallyStocks cool as crude hits multiyear lows
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b18590-63cc-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee gains 8 paise on foreign capital inflowsUpdated: October 31, 2014 10:03 IST
Rupee gains 8 paise on foreign capital inflows
PTI
foreign exchange market
Snapping its four-day falling streak, the rupee rose by eight paise to 61.37 against the US dollar in early trade on Friday on sustained foreign capital inflows amidst a higher opening in the domestic equity market.
Increased selling of the American currency by banks and exporters amid sustained foreign capital inflows following a slew of reforms announced by the government supported the rupee but the dollar’s firmness against other currencies overseas capped the gains, dealers said.
Besides, a strong rally in domestic equity market in opening trade helped the rupee, they added.
The rupee depreciated by 10 paise to close at two-week low of 61.45 against the Greenback in Thursday’s trade after the US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.

OnePlus One to be available only for those with India invitesOnePlus One will be priced under Rs 25,000
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:06 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:48 am
OnePlus One, the phone that promises the “best performing specs in the market, will soon start shipping to buyers in India. The company, which has signed up Vikas Agarwal as its new India GM , said in a forum post that  purchase opportunity in India will be initially limited to only those with invites.
The company seems to be treading cautiously and admits that they didn’t want to be too ambitious gives that this is their first experience with the Indian market. “Invites have been immensely helpful for us thus far in our current launch countries. They allow us to control our inventory, scale our team and support services to grow along with demand and create an overall better experience for those users with the One,” said the post by Carl Pei , the director of OnePlus Global.
In an email interaction with IndianExpress.com, Pei had said that the company, which has its head quarters in Shenzen, China, was “actively seeking the right partners and processes  with which to launch successfully in this market”. “We are more concerned with doing it right than doing it fast. But we will keep our Indian users fully updated as we explore a launch here,” he reiterated.
OnePLus will stick to its online sales model, especially since they consider India a complex market.”We have had success with this globally and are able to offer a better value for the user,” he said.
Pei said OnePlus One features “the top, best performing specs in the market”. Interestingly, he does not not consider this the biggest selling point. “Our phone is set apart from the rest because of the care we took in the design, build quality and small details. We believe the users will be able to see and feel that difference and rally around the  arrival of the OnePlus brand.”
And OnePlus will also not be dirt cheap. “There are loads of cheap phones in India for those who want them, but we found there are many who won’t be satisfied with just a cheap phone; they want amazing design and performance as well,” he said.
The OnePLus One, which was announced globally in April, will be the company’s first phone in India as well. “Globally, our margins are exceedingly slim and this will also be true for India. There is a cost of doing business overseas but we will still honor our original business model. Right now, we can say that the 64GB One will sell for less than RS 25,000.”
The phone runs a verion of CyanogenMod called 11S based on Android Kitkat and will use a Snapdragon 801 processor with 3 GB RAM, a 3100 mAh battery, a 5.5-inch Full HD JDI display with 401 ppi, a 6-lens 13 MP f/2.0 Sony Exmor IMX214 camera and StyleSwap replaceable back covers. The phone will continued…

Canadian warplanes launch first airstrike in IraqPrint
By: Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:31 am
Canadian warplanes involved in the US-led bombing campaign against militants in Iraq have launched their first airstrikes since deploying to the region.
A statement from Defense Minister Rob Nicholson’s office on Sunday said two fighter jets attacked targets in the vicinity of Fallujah with laser-guided bombs and safely returned to their base in Kuwait. Few other details were immediately released.
Canada has deployed six CF-18s along with a C-150 Polaris and two CP-140 Aurora surveillance aircraft as its contribution to the bombing campaign against the Islamic State group, which has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria. About Canadian 600 airmen and airwomen are involved.
Following a request from the US, Canada’s Parliament voted last month to authorise the airstrikes. The motion authorised air strikes in Iraq for up to six months and explicitly stated that no ground troops be used in combat operations.
Canada is among dozens of countries that have joined the US-led coalition fighting the Islamic State group.

Bharti Airtel to hike post-paid rentals from DecemberBharti Airtel to hike post-paid rentals by 12 per cent from December
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 21:24 IST
Country's biggest telecom operator  Bharti Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December.
"Effective 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month," Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Bharti Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
Queries send to Airtel did not elicit any immediate reply.
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users.
Last week, Bharti Airtel reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after a number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.

Regulation of e-tailers soughteconomy, business and finance
Even as medium and large domestic retailers are increasingly adopting e-commerce in a big way to reach out to customers, brick-and-mortar retailers and traders feel the government should step in to provide a level-playing field.
The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), a body representing 20,000 trade bodies and more than six crore establishments, has called for the government to frame specific rules and regulations for e-commerce businesses in India.
“We want the government to have a set of rules for these companies as is the case with any other sector,’’ Praveen Khandelwal, Secretary-General, CAIT, told this correspondent.
CAIT wants the government to constitute a regulatory authority for on-line and off-line retail trade, and a board of internal trade to strengthen domestic trade.
Retail trade in India is estimated at Rs.30 lakh crore with organized retail (including e-tailing) accounting for a mere 6 per cent. “Online retail is an emerging and promising market, and so a cautious approach is needed by the authorities to avoid any move to control retail trade in India by online retail,’’ Mr. Khandelwal said. Mr. Khandelwal said during the Diwali season, trade across 20 major sectors such as mobile phones, consumer electronics, footwear, watches and kitchen appliances lost out on around Rs.20,000 crore of revenues due to ‘predatory pricing’ by the e-tailers.
“How can they afford to offer such high discounts? There should be transparency in their business practice and business mechanism, their funding structure and the level of tax compliance,’’ he said.
Kumar Rajagopalan, CEO, Retailers Association of India (RAI), said the issue was not about offline or online retailing. “Both forms will continue along their growth path with most organised retailers are increasingly venturing into the e-commerce space anyway. However, the big issue is the deep discounts offered by the e-tailers and whether they are market-places at all or whether they practicing `pseudo-retailing.’’
CAIT has called for a meeting with several manufacturers and associations supplying to retail trade on November 5 to apprise them of the situation.

Azams wife relents  files papers for RSUttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav with Tazeen Fatima and Ramgopal Yadav after the two filed their nomination for Rajya Sabha polls, in Lucknow on Monday. (Source: Vishal Srivastav photo)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:14 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 12:17 am
Six Samajwadi Party candidates, including its national general secretary Ramgopal Yadav and Tazeen Fatima, wife of senior cabinet minister Azam Khan, filed their nominations for Rajya Sabha seats Monday. Tazeen had earlier turned down SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s offer to nominate her for Rajya Sabha. While CM Akhilesh Yadav and several other senior leaders accompanied the candidates for filing their nomination papers, Azam Khan skipped the event.
Tazeen did not respond to the queries on why she had earlier refused the ticket. Tazeen, in a letter to Mulayam on Friday, had turned down the ticket with a request that the seat may be given to any other deserving person.
In February this year, Tazeen had rejected Akhilesh’s offer to appoint her as chairperson of the UP Higher Education Services  Commission.
SP leaders, meanwhile, claimed that filing of nomination by Tazeen was on expected lines. Azam’s adversary Javed Ali Khan too filed his papers as have Ramgopal Yadav, Chandrapal Singh Yadav, Neeraj Shekhar and Ravi Prakash Verma.
After filing his papers, Ramgopal said with six more members, SP will become the third largest party in the Upper House.
Ten Rajya Sabha seats will go to polls November 20. As per numerical strength of parties, SP has already filed for its six seats. BSP can win two seats while BJP, and Congress and RLD can get one seat each.

IKYA to acquire 49% stake in MFXchange HoldingsYou are here: Home > Collections > Subsidiary
Thomas Cook's arm to acquire 49% stake in MFXchange Holdings
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.16PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The integration of MFX with IKYA will…)
NEW DELHI: Travel firm Thomas Cook India today said its arm IKYA has entered into a definitive agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax.
The integration of MFX with IKYA will result in the formation of the Global Technology Services Group (GTS Group) marking IKYA's entry into the IT Services and Solutions space in the North American market, Thomas Cook said in a BSE filing.
"IKYA, a subsidiary of Thomas Cook, entered into a definitive agreement on November 3, 2014 with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax," the company said.
Thomas Cook has also appointed Vikram Gulati as President of GTS Group .
"Vikram will be responsible for both strategic and operational aspects of the IT business. He will report to Ajit Isaac, MD and Chairman IKYA Group and will be based out of New Delhi," the company added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan forms team to probe WagahattackPrint
At least 61 people including, 10 women, eight children and three security personnel were killed on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:07 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:27 pm
Pakistan has formed a joint investigation team to probe the deadly terror attack at Wagah border crossing and it has been asked to submit a report within three days.
The team comprising representatives of the Chenab Rangers, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Counter Terrorism Department, Special Branch and Punjab Police would thoroughly look into possible security lapse that allowed the suicide bomber to reach the venue.
Punjab Home Minister Shuja Khanzada said that team would submit its report within three days, Dawn newspaper reported.
He admitted that the authorities had been warned on October 31 of a terrorist attack in the provincial capital and that Wagah border was among the possible targets.
A Pakistani girl mourns next to the lifeless body of her father, who was killed in a Sunday suicide bombing. (Source: AP photo)
The information, he claimed, had been timely conveyed to the Rangers in whose jurisdiction the Wagah parade ground falls.
In the light of the information, two dozen more police personnel were deputed on the joint check-post.
The minister said it was not yet clear how the bomber managed to reach the spot after dodging the joint check-post of Rangers and police and a couple of pickets on the way.
He did not rule out involvement of a foreign hand.
At least 61 people including, 10 women, eight children and three security personnel were killed when a suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main gate of Wagah Border Parade Avenue yesterday.
More than 100 injured are being treated in various hospitals in Lahore.

BJP has no icon  so taking Gandhiji  Patel  says TarunGogoiTarun Gogoi. (Source: Indian Express)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:01 pm
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has no icon of its own, and so has picked up Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel in recent times, veteran Congress leader and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said here on Tuesday.
Gogoi also said that while Prime Minister Narendra Modi had started following Mahatma Gandhi only recently, he has been following Gandhiji since his school days. “I have been following Mahatma Gandhi’s ideals since my school days. But Modi has started following Gandhiji only recently,” he said.
“They (BJP) are now talking about Gandhiji’s ideals. But in reality they are dividing people as Hindus and Muslims. They are now also talking about Sardar Patel. They must also keep in mind that it was Patel who had banned the RSS. Anyway, it is good if they are trying to follow Patel ideologically. But I think they are trying to politicize Patel now,” Gogoi said at a press conference here today.
Criticising Modi for discovering khadi only recently, Gogoi said unlike in the BJP, khadi is compulsory in the Congress party. “Moreover, though Modi is now trying to popularize khadi, he himself hardly wears khadi,” Gogoi said.
Gogoi also claimed that while Modi had only now taken to a cleanliness drive, he had launched such a programme in 2007 itself. “You people only see Modi everywhere, you don’t see me,” the Assam chief minister said, taking a dig at the media for focusing more on Modi. “Yes, it is true that my cleanliness drive stopped sometime later. But that can happen to Modi’s drive too, you never know,” he added.
Claiming his cleanliness drive as better than that launched by prime minister Modi, the Assam chief minister said his “Nirmal Assam” was not just about cleaning up the neighbourhood or public places, but even cleaning the mind. “My Nirmal Assam programme covers so many aspects, like clean environment, greenery, safe drinking water and clean toilets,” Gogoi said. (ends)

What to Know About Ebola and Travel InsuranceNBC4 and Allstate will host a community shred event Dec.6. Read more
Follow Us

Joe Raedle / Getty Imagesjoe raedle / getty images
Govt scraps selection process for PSB chiefsThe decision comes after a committee set up to look into the process, found irregularities in the followed procedure.
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 28, 2014 2:03 am
The government on Monday scrapped the ongoing selection process for chiefs of public sector banks (PSBs), a move that is likely to delay appointments of heads at eight banks.
The decision comes after a committee — comprising the expenditure secretary, RBI Governor and secretary school education — set up to look into the process, found irregularities in the followed procedure.
“On the basis of the report … the government has decided to cancel the current selection process of CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks (PSBs),” the finance ministry said in a statement.
As a result of the decision a fresh process will begin to appoint eight chairman and managing directors (CMDs) and 14 executive directors (ED) in PSBs including Bank of Baroda, Canara bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Syndicate Bank and United Bank of India.
Stating that it will lay down a new selection process, the ministry said, “The government has decided that a fresh process for selection would have to be implemented for filling-up these existing vacancies wherein the Governor, RBI or his nominee of the rank of Deputy Governor should be a part of the selection process.”
Concerns have been raised by employees’ associations over the delay in the appointment of the bank chiefs.
CH Venkatachalan, general secretary of the All India Bank Employees’ Association (AIBEA), who raised concerns over the vacant positions objected to the government’s move and said that they could have gone for additional screening if necessary.
“All chairpersons would be selected from the same set of the people and therefore there is no need of a fresh process. If they wanted to check on integrity they could have done additional screening but going for a fresh process is politicising of the appointments,” said Venkatachalan.
The process of appointment had earlier got delayed due to the general elections. A panel led by the RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had interviewed 19 executive directors of PSBs for appointments as CMDs.n Move to delay appointments of heads at 8 banks.

13th Chicago Innovation Awards honor the old and the newStar Wars The Spirit (movie) Apple iPad Mark Cuban Shark Tank (tv program) Feeding America Arthritis
An example of how iconic Radio Flyer still has some pull when it comes to innovation
A 97-year-old company known for little red wagons and a two-year-old company partly owned by billionaire investor Mark Cuban were among the winners at the 13th annual Chicago Innovation Awards at Harris Theater on Thursday night.
More than 1,500 people attended the event, which aims to bolster Chicago’s business startup and innovation communities. Tom Kuczmarski, who co-founded the awards with former Chicago business journalist Dan Miller, said the gathering represents a coming together of new small companies and more established businesses.
"I'm so proud that Chicago has been able to create a culture where both entrepreneurs and large companies can try new things," he said.
The ceremonies carried a "Star Wars" theme that saw Kuczmarski and Miller take the stage as Chewbacca and C-3PO, key characters from the film. R2-D2 accompanied them, providing beepy fun and turning to watch every video presentation.
Caption Resources for innovation
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Caption Resources for innovation
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, says you may have to find ways to reallocate resources to put on innovation. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Caption How a team of employees can win 'the game of innovation'
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, asks if the game of innovation can be played with just one person. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, asks if the game of innovation can be played with just one person. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Caption Innovation process
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, talks about the purpose of an innovation process. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, talks about the purpose of an innovation process. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Caption Thomas Kuczmarski on how consumer research can fuel innovative ideas
Thomas Kuczmarski, senior partner and president of Kuczmarski & Associates and co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, emphasizes the importance of consumer research, which he says "really takes the guessing game out of the innovation equation."
Thomas Kuczmarski, senior partner and president of Kuczmarski & Associates and co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, emphasizes the importance of consumer research, which he says "really takes the guessing game out of the innovation equation."
Caption First steps toward an innovation mindset
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about cultivating an innovation mindset. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Tom Kuczmarski, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, speaks about cultivating an innovation mindset. (By Chicago Innovation Awards)
Radio Flyer was among 10 Chicago Innovation Award winners for its Ziggle Ride-On kids’ product. Packback was among 10 winners in the up-and-comer category for its electronic textbook rentals. Packback appeared in March on ABC TV’s “Shark Tank” and came away with a $250,000 investment for a 20 percent equity stake from Cuban.
Caremerge, maker of a suite of mobile and Web solutions to help manage senior care, won the Social Innovator Award.

McKinsey study predicts 15 more metros by 2025Updated: November 1, 2014 08:00 IST
McKinsey study predicts 15 more metros by 2025
G. Balachandar
The Hindu The Urban Haat project cluster near Mangalore.
TOPICS
India
It also classifies States into four-broad groups for future growth potential
Rapid urbanisation is expected to create another 15 metropolitan cities over the next decade. By 2025, India’s 69 metropolitan cities, combined with their hinterlands, will generate over half its incremental GDP between 2012 and 2025, and just over half of its incremental consuming class households, according to a report by Global Consultancy firm McKinsey & Company.
The report titled ‘India’s Economic Geography in 2025: States, Clusters and Cities’, which asserts that a granular understanding of India’s market potential and strategies tailored for the same will help companies emerge winners, has identified key economic and business growth hotspots for the period up to 2025 after analysing 29 Indian States and 7 Union Territories in the country. The emerging cities include Jamnagar, Dehradun, Cuttak, Bhavnagar, Kolhapur, Vellore, Amaravati, Ajmer, Udaipur, Sangli, Nanded and Mangalore.
The report has also defined metropolitan clusters as groups of districts that have high economic potential are contiguous such that each cluster represents a serviceable market, and have a metropolitan district as the nucleus. Example: The Nagpur cluster and Kolkata cluster, for example extend beyond the metropolitan districts that they stretch across and include the adjacent five and six districts respectively.
With those parameters, it has identified 49 metropolitan clusters spread across the country.
These clusters are expected to account for about 77 per cent of incremental GDP by 2025.
Thus, the 69 metropolitan cities (cities with a population of over one million) and their hinterlands (that account for more than half of India’s incremental GDP growth by 2025), or the 49 metropolitan clusters (that represent almost three-quarters of India’s future income pool) are attractive growth pockets.
Top quartile metropolitan districts will have an average annual per capita income of Rs.3.47 lakh — four times that of India’s — and account for 20 per cent of the country’s consuming class households.
“Tailoring strategies to the specific needs of customers in these clusters can provide companies with a significant competitive advantage, particularly in consumer oriented industries such as cosmetics, sanitary ware, building products, apparel, telecom and financial services,” it said adding “Companies in India that have adopted a granular approach to identifying growth markets have been rewarded.”
The McKinsey report has also classified the states into four-broad groups for future growth potential. Chandigarh, Delhi, Goa and Puducherry have been termed as ‘Very High Performing’ states. Eight states such as Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Punjab, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand have been rated as the ‘High Performing’ states, which are likely to account for 52 per cent of India’s incremental GDP growth from 2012 to 2015.
The report stated that Gujarat has multiple growth engines, led by manufacturing for its fast pace of growth, while Tamil Nadu has a strong services sector and knowledge-intensive industries.
Another 12 states that include Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Jammu & Kashmir, West Bengal, and Odisha are classified under ‘Performing’ states.
Finally, North Eastern States, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand are likely to remain ‘Low performing’ states in 2025. But the report said that Bihar and Madhya Pradesh could achieve faster growth by fixing the basics.
The report estimates that India would be 38 per cent urbanised by 2025, up from 31 per cent in 2011. Eight states – TN, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Kerala, Delhi, Chandigarh, Goa and Puducherry – would have urbanisation level of over 55 per cent by 2025.

Gold  silver prices fall by Rs 200 on global cuesGold, silver prices fall by Rs 200 on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:40 IST
Photo: Reuters
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday. In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers. Weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to four-year low after the US Federal Reserve's decided to end its bullion friendly bond-buying programme and fall in demand from jewellers and retailers, mainly led to a fall in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to $1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to $15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg. Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.

Investigation into Virgin Galactic crashinvestigation into virgin galactic crash
IIT-Kgp students offered 20% increase in sal...IIT-Kharagpur students offered 20% increase in salaries this year
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.48PM IST
Tags:
IIT-Kharagpur
(Final placements are set…)
KOLKATA: A month away from final placements, IIT Kharagpur students are being flooded with pre-placement offers with a 20 per cent increase this year.
IIT officials said already around 125 students have been extended pre-placement offers and interviews, where most of the companies have increased the package offered by around 20 per cent as compared to the last batch.
The highest offer made till date stands at a staggering Rs 91 lakh, they said.
International offers include those from Google Mountain View, Facebook, Works Application and Schlumberger while a large number of first time recruiters have also registered for final placements with the Career Development Centre at IIT Kharagpur.
The final placements are set to begin on December 1 in all the IITs before which a 50 per cent increase in the number of pre-placement offer is expected.
The latest trend observed is the overwhelming participation of e-commerce firms and startups, fresh from the boom in foreign investments and large rounds of funding by venture capitalists.
"The upcoming season is certainly looking very bright for the students. The response has been absolutely overwhelming with numerous companies expressing their willingness to hire KGPians. A unique curriculum clubbed with courses in Financial Engineering and Engineering Entrepreneurship gives a lead to the students of IIT Kharagpur unlike any other institute," said Punj Rajan, Vice-president of Technology Students' Gymkhana, IIT Kharagpur.
Prof S K Barai, Chairman of Career Development Center, IIT Kharagpur, said from this year onward special focus has been laid to boost the confidence of the graduating students, corporate workshops, case study contests, alumni mentorship session, assessment tests and soft skill training.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Visa chooses Bengaluru as new technology centreVisa chooses Bengaluru as site for new technology centre
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 02.41PM IST
Tags:
Bangalore
(In a bid to strengthen its…)
DUBAI: In a bid to strengthen its resources and tap India's "incredible" pool of talent, global payments provider Visa has chosen Bengaluru as the site for its new technology centre in the country.
The new centre will open early next year and fully staffed by early 2017.
Considered the innovation hub of India, Bengaluru enables the company to attract a diversity of world class talent from the country's premier universities and be part of a community that is experiencing tremendous growth in world-class innovation centres and technology facilities.
"India is fast becoming a global technology epicentre with an incredible pool of technology talent," said Nitin Chandel, Senior Vice President of Visa's Developer Platform based in India.
"The development of a Technology Centre of Excellence in Bengaluru is an opportunity to build from the ground-up a culture of innovation that is reflective of Visa's strategy to open its network to new and different technologies," he said.
Teams at the new centre will focus on the development of key application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) in order to help an expanding group of global partners more easily access VisaNet when creating new commerce and payment experiences.
The announcement is one of many initiatives that Visa has undertaken to strengthen its global technology resources.
The company recently opened a 112,000-square foot innovation centre, One Market, at its new office space in San Francisco, California.
It has begun introducing, in select markets, a quick and easy payment service called Visa Checkout, which allows consumers to pay for goods online, on any device, in just a few clicks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singapore-based grp focuses on Indian smart ...Singapore-based engineering group focuses on Indian smart cities
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 03.07PM IST
Tags:
Singapore
("I have an optimistic outlook…)
SINGAPORE: A Singapore-based engineering consultancy is planning to set up Centres of Excellence in smart cities and project management with a focus on coutries like India which are emphasising on infrastructure development for economic growth and tackle challenges of urbanisation.
"I have an optimistic outlook on India and believe India will be one of the fastest growing economies in the region and globally," Meinhardt Group International's chief executive officer Omar Shahzad said here today.
"In line with (Indian) Government policy, there will be greater emphasis placed on the development of smart cities and new infrastructure to support rising economic growth and challenges of urbanisation," Omar told PTI.
Elaborating on the centres, Omar said, "These centres will serve as critical platforms for Meinhardt to develop smart-urban infrastructure planning and design capabilities to take on more complex urban infrastructure projects.
"These centres will reinforce Meinhardt's position as one of Asia's key providers for advanced engineering consultancy within the urban development space," he said.
Omar said Meinhardt has already expanded from a 2001 representative office to three corporate offices in Noida, Gurgaon and Chennai, today with sixteen site offices across the country employing more than 300 qualified engineers and support staff working on infrastructure and built environment projects.
Citing new opportunities in India and globally, he said the group is setting up Centres of Excellence in smart cities and project management, aligning with Singapore's vision to be the leading engineering services hub in Asia.
"Meinhardt's new Centres of Excellence in smart cities and project management are well aligned with Singapore's vision to be the leading engineering services hub in Asia," said Lim Kok Kiang, Assistant Managing Director at Singapore's Economic Development Board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil Falls Below $84 as Saudi Arabia Cuts US PricesYou are here: Home Commodities
Oil Falls Below $84 as Saudi Arabia Cuts US Prices
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 15:47 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
London:Brent crude oil fell below $84 a barrel on Tuesday, extending losses to a fourth consecutive session after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States.
The world's top exporter increased its December sales prices, relative to benchmarks, to Asia and Europe on Monday, but lowered prices to the United States, a smaller export market.
Front-month Brent crude was down $1.25 at $83.53 a barrel by 0915 GMT. Brent dropped $1.08 on Monday, after falling sharply on the news from Saudi Arabia.
US light crude was down $1.15 at $77.63 a barrel. It touched a session low of $77.20, its weakest since October 2011, as its discount to Brent hovered around $6.
"This is mixed news, and the fact that the positive angle has not made an impact shows that market sentiment is very negative at the moment," said Eugen Weinberg, head of commodities research at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note that the move "signalled Saudi Arabia's intention to fight for US market share and could even show its intention to squeeze US shale producers".
But analysts at JBC Energy wrote that the pricing reflected market fundamentals and did not have a political motive.
"We would strongly advocate against interpreting every month's OSP publication in the context of 'price war' and 'market share battle' stories," they said in a note.
The absence of signs that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could curb output in a well supplied market also continued to weigh on sentiment.
The oil cartel will meet on November 27 in Vienna to discuss its oil output targets for next year.
Members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but the United Arab Emirates oil minister said the group is "not panicking."
OPEC's secretary general last week said the production next year would not vary much from 2014, and members Iran and Kuwait have said a cut in output at the next meeting was unlikely.
"The market sentiment will stay negative until OPEC appears to be unified," said Commerzbank's Weinberg. "Everybody is blaming each other but nobody is willing to cut."
There is a growing lobby in the United States to lift a 40-year ban on US crude exports which if successful could ease a supply glut in the Atlantic Basin.
A stronger dollar was also weighing on oil prices, making the commodity more expensive for buyers using other currencies. The dollar touched a four-year high on Monday, before slipping back slightly on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Ends Steady in Thin Trade; Silver Down on Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Ends Steady in Thin Trade; Silver Down on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 15:11 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: Gold prices ruled steady at Rs 26,350 per ten gram at the bullion market today in the national capital today as jewellers deferred their buying activity on hopes of a fall in the precious metal prices in coming days amid a weak trend overseas.
Silver remained under pressure and prices fell further by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg owing to slackened demand from industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said lack of buying support from retailers and jewellers who preferred to keep their activity restricted, anticipating further fall in coming days, mainly kept gold prices unchanged.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, traded lower at almost four year-low of $1,165.70 an ounce, on expectations that the Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates while other central banks add stimulus, boosting the dollar and hurting bullion demand.
Silver also fell by 1 per cent to $15.98 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity held steady at Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively, while sovereign traded at last level of Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and moved further down by Rs 100 to Rs 35,950 per kg, while weekly-based delivery rebounded by Rs 600 to Rs 35,940 per kg on speculative buying.
Silver dropped by Rs 1,000 to Rs 59,000 for buying and Rs 60,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 15:05 (IST)

WEF Summit Begins; Jaitley  Gadkari Among ParticipantsWEF Summit Begins; Jaitley  Gadkari Among Participants
Japans SoftBank firsthalf profit jumps on Alibaba listingJapans SoftBank firsthalf profit jumps on Alibaba listing
Post poll changes in Obama s foreign policy ruled outPost poll changes in Obama s foreign policy ruled out
IBM names new global technology services headIBM names new global technology services head
Govt to put in place system to track movement of containersGovt to put in place system to track movement of containers
PTI
The Hindu The project will provide near to real time tracking of containers across the complete logistics value chain through installation of RFID tags.
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
The government would soon put in place a system to track the movement of containers real time with a view to remove logistical bottlenecks and ensure timely delivery of consignments.
The project — Logistics Data Bank (LDB) — is being developed under the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), which is at an advance stage of implementation.
Different departments and ministries including the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) and the Shipping Ministry are in the process of finalising the project, conceptualised by Japan-based NEC Corporation.
“It will provide near to real time tracking of containers across the complete logistics value chain by way of integrating the software of different service providers and tracking of containers through installation of Radio-frequency identification (RFID) tags,” a senior official told PTI.
Regulatory framework for charging mandatory user charges has been deliberated with the Shipping Ministry, the official said.
The LDB would address the issue of tracking and viewing the movement of containers across the ports to the Inland Container Depot (ICDs) and end users.
“The LDB would be an overarching solution that will integrate the information available with various agencies across the supply chain to provide detailed real time information within a single window,” the official added.
It would also enable the centre, states, importers, exporters and other stakeholders to assess comparative performance, identify inefficiencies and bottlenecks to develop strategies to ensure the development of the sector.
Reduction in the lead time and transaction cost as a result of predictability and optimisation achieved through LDB would attract companies to set up or open new centres in the DMIC zone.
Almost 60 per cent of the container traffic currently in India is in the Western Corridor.
With the establishment of new DMIC cities and the expected increase in container traffic, it is more essential to provide a world class logistic infrastructure to the operating entities to boost the manufacturing and other related sectors, the official added.
The project would be first implemented at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT).
“The proposal has been submitted to the JNPT for onward submission to Tariff Authority of Major Ports (TAMP) after getting comments from private terminal operators. Meeting for considering the notification of mandatory user charges for the LDB project is scheduled on October 29,” the official said.
India’s ambitious $90 billion DMIC project is aimed at creating mega industrial infrastructure along the Delhi-Mumbai Rail Freight Corridor. Japan is giving financial and technical aid for the project, which will cover seven states covering 1,483 km.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Leveraging India Post for ruralinclusionMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The world over, the postal, telegraph and telephone service (PTT) has been a government-owned monopoly, that too conceived as a “natural monopoly” in the provisioning of associated services. With the introduction of competition in local access telephony in the US in 1996 and the consequent developments in Europe of breaking up PTTs and separating out telecom from postal services, India also followed suit after the enactment of the Telecom Policy of 1994.
While competition in telecommunication services, using substitutable products, especially in the mobile sector, is giving a difficult time to government operators, the postal department has had a varied path. India Post, with about 1.55 lakh post offices in the country, of which about 1.4 lakh are in the rural areas, remains as the last link for communication services in the country. On an average, a single post office in rural areas covers a population of about 6,000. Though the average distance to be travelled to a postal office in the country is around 2.6 km, in rural areas it is expected to be shorter. Though services such as courier and e-mail are substitutes for services rendered by the post offices in urban areas, they are complimentary to the existing postal systems in rural areas. e-Post is one such service where e-Greetings and documents are handed over to the recipient by postal mail. Couriers in most of the rural areas depend on India Post to complete the last-mile journey of parcels. The mobile money transfer of India Post enables peer-to-peer transfer of money without the need of complex smartphones and the associated apps to anyone in the vicinity of a postal office.
While it lost out its place in urban areas of the country to competing services and providers, India Post still remains a formidable government asset in rural areas. With its brick-and-mortar infrastructure and thousands of gramin dak sevaks (rural postal employees), the government in all its earnest should leverage the physical and human infrastructure of India Post to deliver “Digital India” to the rural population.
The National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN), with the objective of connecting 2.5 lakh gram panchayats, for most parts should land up inside the post offices in rural areas of the country. The post offices should be empowered to host the Common Service Centres (CSCs) for delivering e-Governance services that complements their existing service offerings. The CSCs connected to the NOFN can doubly act as “broadband” gateways to the villages. The services can be paid for over-the-counter, much the same way we buy inland letters at the post office. The Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF), incidentally under the Department of Telecommunications, has not so far touched India Post. In fact, the USOF support for extending the broadband gateway in rural areas shall be extended to India Post, much the same way thousands of crores of rupees are being given to government-owned telcos. Although many expert committees have expressed their opinions on India Post to be leveraged for financial inclusion, the banking licence for India Post was turned down by RBI, due to its currently lost lustre. Whether India Post can perform well as a bank is questionable given that its core strength is not in money management, it can certainly serve as a correspondent for banks to reach rural areas, thereby augmenting financial inclusion.
On its part, India Post needs to become agile in learning to provide new services, especially digital services; do better financial management as it has been losing taxpayers’ money at the rate of R6,000 crore every year; be aware of changes around itself and adjust its way of working to be customer friendly. All said and done, people, especially in rural areas, tend to “trust” India Post more than any other substitute services and it is an opportunity that India Post does not want to miss, once again!
By the way, we can proudly say that we have beaten China as there are only about 95,500 post offices in China, much less than that of India Post!
By V Sridhar
TAGS: India Post Telegraph Telephone
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Record Cafe: Commercial principles and social service must be cleanly separated in the railways  says BibekDebroyMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The committee set up by the government to reform the railways is travelling across the country this month, before it sits down to give a final shape to its draft report that will be submitted within six months for wide-ranging deliberations. Chairman of the panel Bibek Debroy explains the setting and the possible solutions to rejuvenate the railways to Santosh Tiwari and says that the rail regulator can wait till its ailing systems are fixed.
What is the need for another committee on the railways when several panels in the past have given their recommendations?
The problem with the previous committees has been that they suggested where to go but didn’t suggest how to reach there. Our idea is to not only suggest that there is a need to go from point A to point B, but also to provide the process, the way, to reach point B.
The major gaps, according to you, are in which areas?
Take the case of accounting, there is a need to clean up the process so that one knows what is going on. Or take the case of railway cadre. There are multiple cadres and multiple entry requirements. I am just giving you two examples. The major thrust of earlier reports has been that corporatise the railways and everything will be solved. Our approach will be first you need to solve the issues. It is only after you solve these that you will be able to figure out a means to corporatise.
Alternatively, what is the point of setting up a rail tariff authority if I don’t clearly know what the profits are. I don’t get the true sense of the cost. If we say you set up a rail tariff authority, and this is my personal view because we have to deliberate it in the committee, unless I do these things how can I deal with it. Do I know how much the social cost obligation actually is, according to commercial principles? Do I actually know how much of a loss sub-urban rail operation makes? These are some of the examples where we will be indicating the processes to fix the issues before talking of corporatisation.
Everybody says privatise the railways, but what does privatisation mean? If I can’t ensure timely arrival of trains, whether it is passenger or freight, between say Delhi and Mumbai, and if I throw the sector open to the private sector, will the private sector come and participate in it? If there is an accident, who takes responsibility for that? Alternatively, I may argue that let’s take a situation where railways are running a train but you (a private individual) can have a separate passenger coach—that is privatisation. Then there is a perception that the railways are sitting on a lot of surplus land and they should utilise the land to develop the stations, make them modern, construct malls, etc. Many people don’t know that the land which is there is not in the metro stations such as Delhi where the municipal corporation has not given permission for such things as it requires more facilities such as parking, etc. The similar is the case in Mumbai. This is happening where these problems are less. It is happening in Bhopal, in Surat, and in Chandigarh. I am not defending the railways. There is a lot of inefficiency. There is a lack of concern for the customer, for the passenger and on the freight side, but in resolving this you have to go through different steps.
You also have to understand that there is cross-subsidisation of passenger side with freight…
That I didn’t mention because that is taken as axiomatic. Passengers will be willing to pay higher fares provided there is visible improvement in services. It is possible to deliver passenger amenities on trains such as Shatabdi and Rajdhani. But there are a large number of trains which are not of that variety. The bulk of railway passenger traffic, over 90%, is unreserved.
There is certainly a need to increase the share of the railways in the transport sector. So you have to come out with a road-map for a decade or so. Isn’t it?
That is why I am saying you have to look at different segments within the passenger and the freight parts. It is not a homogeneous category.
So you are suggesting different price rationalisation for different segments in passenger and freight both…
Precisely. It is easier to do it on the trains side, it is difficult to do it on the stations.
The station part can be managed by the private players. Isn’t it?
Correct. But these can be done in 20 or 40 stations. It will not work in all the 7,000 stations. There is not enough traffic.
Coming back to the railway regulator, you want it to come into play after the processes have been fixed?
I think multiplicity of authorities suggested by different committees doesn’t serve any purpose. If at all we need a rail regulator, it has to be independent, its recommendations have to be binding, and we have to find good regulators who are independent of the government. In principle, yes we need a regulator.
You need a regulator or an authority which fixes fares without the government intervention. Given the past experience, is it possible to get a regulator who is independent of the government?
That goes back to separating the railways’ functioning according to the commercial principles and the social service obligation. The two need to be cleanly separated. Because until these two functions are cleanly separated, both from the costing point of view and the conceptual point of view, we will go round and round in circle. Once one has figured out how to cleanly disentangle these two, then one can figure out that this is the role of the railway board, this is the role of the ministry, and this is the role of the regulator.
This was targeted in the power sector. And it was said that if the states want to give subsidies, they should give it through the budget. Will it work for the railways?
Electricity is one thing but the states would be very reluctant to do it in something like sub-urban railways. If the railways are doing it without any support, then we are again going into the muddy waters of commercial operation and social obligation.
At some point of time, you have to then look at better targeting of subsidies through Aadhaar or any other mode. Isn’t it?
That’s correct. The only catch is that more than 90% of the passengers belong to the unreserved category. How do you do it for them as there are no details. I am still grappling with it. This is something I have been thinking about. I will now look at what are the problems associated with it. That doesn’t mean you don’t do it. But you need to handle the problems.
Should the railway budget be kept separate from the general budget or should the finance part be merged with the general budget going ahead?
If one is moving towards the goal of the eventual call on corporatisation of the railways, cleaning up the relationship between the railways and the government, then you don’t need a railway budget. It is not unification, you don’t need the railway budget any more. Unification comes into the picture only if you are not separating railways completely from the government. If you are separating it then this is a non-issue.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

FIR filed against ex-aviation joint secy  GVK boss & MIAL chief in cheating  forgerycaseMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
A case of alleged cheating and forgery has been registered against Alok Sinha, former joint secretary, ministry of civil aviation, GV Krishna Reddy, GVK group chairman, and GV Sanjay Reddy, MD, Mumbai International Airport (MIAL) for getting undue benefits during the Mumbai airport modernisation plan. The FIR was lodged based on a complaint by a petitioner, Vishwas Bhamburkar, an RTI activist from Ahmedabad who relied on a draft performance audit report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on the subject.
The petitioner has also filed a case against four police officers for failure to register an FIR earlier. Bhamburkar had first approached the airport police. However, the cops refused to register an FIR, after which he approached a suburban court in Mumbai alleging that Mumbai International Airport (MIAL), which manages the Mumbai airport, received undue benefits to the tune of Rs 5,887 crore through various irregularities while constructing the airport. The FIR has been filed on the directions of the court.
Deputy police commissioner Namdev Chavan, assistant police commissioner Madhukar Sankhye, senior inspector Rajendra Nagbhire and inspector Vijay Sathe have also been charged in the FIR filed under IPC sections 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy).
The second FIR names the four police personnel under IPC sections 166 (public servant disobeying law with intent to cause injury to any person), 217 (public servant disobeying direction of law with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture) for not registering the complaint earlier.
Meanwhile, an MIAL spokesperson said, “Once we know the contents of the complaint, we will give a suitable response.” However, sources in the company said the delay in the modernisation of the project was due to various factors, including political developments. “We have to look into the contents in detail and there could be legal options as well,” sources added.
With agency inputs
TAGS: CAG Comptroller And Auditor General Mumbai International Airport
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Small-cap  mid-cap indices outperformSensexMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Buoyed by robust stock market sentiment, the small-cap and mid-cap indices of the BSE have rallied by up to 56 per cent, outperforming the larger index — Sensex — this fiscal.
On the other hand, gain in the blue-chip index Sensex has been at 24.11 per cent from April 1 till date, an analysis of the three indices showed.
The Sensex touched its all-time high of 27,969.82 yesterday.
The mid-cap index touched its one-year peak of 10,068.63 on September 16 and the small-cap index hit its 52-week high of 11,352.01 on the same day.
Experts said when markets perform well, smaller stocks make big gains than the front-lines. But during the times of uncertainty, greater losses are seen in mid and small-cap scrips.
Analysts said bullish investor sentiment following a new government at the Centre and robust foreign fund inflows have been fuelling rally in the domestic equity markets.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore (USD 13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore (USD 36 billion).
Retail investors are major participants in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and their activity in this segment has been upbeat over the past few months.
Market players say smaller stocks are generally bought by local investors, while overseas investors focus on blue-chip shares.
The mid-cap index tracks companies with a market value that is on an average one-fifth of blue-chips or large firms. Small-cap firms are almost a tenth of that.
TAGS: Bse Indices Of Bse Mid Cap Indices Small-cap Indices
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

FIR filed against ex-aviation joint secy  GVK boss & MIAL chief in cheating  forgery caseMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
A case of alleged cheating and forgery has been registered against Alok Sinha, former joint secretary, ministry of civil aviation, GV Krishna Reddy, GVK group chairman, and GV Sanjay Reddy, MD, Mumbai International Airport (MIAL) for getting undue benefits during the Mumbai airport modernisation plan. The FIR was lodged based on a complaint by a petitioner, Vishwas Bhamburkar, an RTI activist from Ahmedabad who relied on a draft performance audit report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on the subject.
The petitioner has also filed a case against four police officers for failure to register an FIR earlier. Bhamburkar had first approached the airport police. However, the cops refused to register an FIR, after which he approached a suburban court in Mumbai alleging that Mumbai International Airport (MIAL), which manages the Mumbai airport, received undue benefits to the tune of Rs 5,887 crore through various irregularities while constructing the airport. The FIR has been filed on the directions of the court.
Deputy police commissioner Namdev Chavan, assistant police commissioner Madhukar Sankhye, senior inspector Rajendra Nagbhire and inspector Vijay Sathe have also been charged in the FIR filed under IPC sections 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy).
The second FIR names the four police personnel under IPC sections 166 (public servant disobeying law with intent to cause injury to any person), 217 (public servant disobeying direction of law with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture) for not registering the complaint earlier.
Meanwhile, an MIAL spokesperson said, “Once we know the contents of the complaint, we will give a suitable response.” However, sources in the company said the delay in the modernisation of the project was due to various factors, including political developments. “We have to look into the contents in detail and there could be legal options as well,” sources added.
With agency inputs
TAGS: CAG Comptroller And Auditor General Mumbai International Airport
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Record Cafe: Commercial principles and social service must be cleanly separated in the railways  says Bibek DebroyMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The committee set up by the government to reform the railways is travelling across the country this month, before it sits down to give a final shape to its draft report that will be submitted within six months for wide-ranging deliberations. Chairman of the panel Bibek Debroy explains the setting and the possible solutions to rejuvenate the railways to Santosh Tiwari and says that the rail regulator can wait till its ailing systems are fixed.
What is the need for another committee on the railways when several panels in the past have given their recommendations?
The problem with the previous committees has been that they suggested where to go but didn’t suggest how to reach there. Our idea is to not only suggest that there is a need to go from point A to point B, but also to provide the process, the way, to reach point B.
The major gaps, according to you, are in which areas?
Take the case of accounting, there is a need to clean up the process so that one knows what is going on. Or take the case of railway cadre. There are multiple cadres and multiple entry requirements. I am just giving you two examples. The major thrust of earlier reports has been that corporatise the railways and everything will be solved. Our approach will be first you need to solve the issues. It is only after you solve these that you will be able to figure out a means to corporatise.
Alternatively, what is the point of setting up a rail tariff authority if I don’t clearly know what the profits are. I don’t get the true sense of the cost. If we say you set up a rail tariff authority, and this is my personal view because we have to deliberate it in the committee, unless I do these things how can I deal with it. Do I know how much the social cost obligation actually is, according to commercial principles? Do I actually know how much of a loss sub-urban rail operation makes? These are some of the examples where we will be indicating the processes to fix the issues before talking of corporatisation.
Everybody says privatise the railways, but what does privatisation mean? If I can’t ensure timely arrival of trains, whether it is passenger or freight, between say Delhi and Mumbai, and if I throw the sector open to the private sector, will the private sector come and participate in it? If there is an accident, who takes responsibility for that? Alternatively, I may argue that let’s take a situation where railways are running a train but you (a private individual) can have a separate passenger coach—that is privatisation. Then there is a perception that the railways are sitting on a lot of surplus land and they should utilise the land to develop the stations, make them modern, construct malls, etc. Many people don’t know that the land which is there is not in the metro stations such as Delhi where the municipal corporation has not given permission for such things as it requires more facilities such as parking, etc. The similar is the case in Mumbai. This is happening where these problems are less. It is happening in Bhopal, in Surat, and in Chandigarh. I am not defending the railways. There is a lot of inefficiency. There is a lack of concern for the customer, for the passenger and on the freight side, but in resolving this you have to go through different steps.
You also have to understand that there is cross-subsidisation of passenger side with freight…
That I didn’t mention because that is taken as axiomatic. Passengers will be willing to pay higher fares provided there is visible improvement in services. It is possible to deliver passenger amenities on trains such as Shatabdi and Rajdhani. But there are a large number of trains which are not of that variety. The bulk of railway passenger traffic, over 90%, is unreserved.
There is certainly a need to increase the share of the railways in the transport sector. So you have to come out with a road-map for a decade or so. Isn’t it?
That is why I am saying you have to look at different segments within the passenger and the freight parts. It is not a homogeneous category.
So you are suggesting different price rationalisation for different segments in passenger and freight both…
Precisely. It is easier to do it on the trains side, it is difficult to do it on the stations.
The station part can be managed by the private players. Isn’t it?
Correct. But these can be done in 20 or 40 stations. It will not work in all the 7,000 stations. There is not enough traffic.
Coming back to the railway regulator, you want it to come into play after the processes have been fixed?
I think multiplicity of authorities suggested by different committees doesn’t serve any purpose. If at all we need a rail regulator, it has to be independent, its recommendations have to be binding, and we have to find good regulators who are independent of the government. In principle, yes we need a regulator.
You need a regulator or an authority which fixes fares without the government intervention. Given the past experience, is it possible to get a regulator who is independent of the government?
That goes back to separating the railways’ functioning according to the commercial principles and the social service obligation. The two need to be cleanly separated. Because until these two functions are cleanly separated, both from the costing point of view and the conceptual point of view, we will go round and round in circle. Once one has figured out how to cleanly disentangle these two, then one can figure out that this is the role of the railway board, this is the role of the ministry, and this is the role of the regulator.
This was targeted in the power sector. And it was said that if the states want to give subsidies, they should give it through the budget. Will it work for the railways?
Electricity is one thing but the states would be very reluctant to do it in something like sub-urban railways. If the railways are doing it without any support, then we are again going into the muddy waters of commercial operation and social obligation.
At some point of time, you have to then look at better targeting of subsidies through Aadhaar or any other mode. Isn’t it?
That’s correct. The only catch is that more than 90% of the passengers belong to the unreserved category. How do you do it for them as there are no details. I am still grappling with it. This is something I have been thinking about. I will now look at what are the problems associated with it. That doesn’t mean you don’t do it. But you need to handle the problems.
Should the railway budget be kept separate from the general budget or should the finance part be merged with the general budget going ahead?
If one is moving towards the goal of the eventual call on corporatisation of the railways, cleaning up the relationship between the railways and the government, then you don’t need a railway budget. It is not unification, you don’t need the railway budget any more. Unification comes into the picture only if you are not separating railways completely from the government. If you are separating it then this is a non-issue.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Delhi: Tight security in Bawana  Trilokpuri on MuharramComments
Keeping in mind the communal tension simmering in outer Delhi’s Bawana and the recent riots in east Delhi's Trilokpuri, the police are taking no chances and have put both areas under a security blanket on Muharram.
Apart from imposing restrictions on the display of weapons — swords, lathis and knives — during the festival on Tuesday, the police will keep a close watch on the procession.
Muslims observe Muharram to mourn the death of Imam Hussein ibn Ali, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, in the battle of Karbala.
Sources said special measures were also being taken for other sensitive areas of the city, including Karbala, Jamia Nagar and the Walled City.
Tension has been prevailing in Trilokpuri since Diwali. A similar situation has been reported from Bawana with locals from a community objecting to the route of a Muharram procession.
To ensure peace in Trilokpuri, the police have planned to increase the duration of the prohibitory orders that had been relaxed, sources said. “The prohibitory orders were earlier relaxed from 6am to 7pm. They are planning to relax the orders till 3pm on Tuesday,” said a senior official.
Delhi Police imposed orders under Section 144 of the CrPC, prohibiting any gathering or movement of a group of people, two days after the clashes.
Over 1,000 policemen, including Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel, have been deployed in the area since October 26.
The official said Trilokpuri was likely to see increased deployment on Tuesday.
So far, 68 people have been arrested in connection with the Trilokpuri clashes.
Tension in Bawana has been brewing, and the situation took an ugly turn after some residents called a mahapanchayat on Sunday, objecting to the route of a Muharram procession. The police deployed extra forces in the area, with additional pickets to maintain harmony.
“We are taking all precautionary steps and have deployed extra forces in both the locations,” said special commissioner (law and order) Deepak Mishra.
An alternate route was chalked out with consent of both the communities following police intervention, and it will be curtailed to JJ cluster and not come toward the town and will also be observed in a "subdued" manner.
 
However, tension remained high after local leaders raised objections and provocative speeches and slogans were made at the gathering which was attended by hundreds of people.
 
Around 1,000 policemen have been deployed in the area and along the routes which will be closely monitored by senior police officials.
Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi cancelled his trip to the Interpol’s general assembly in Monaco on Sunday due to the prevailing communal tension in Trilokpuri and Bawana. Bassi was supposed to accompany home minister Rajnath Singh and CBI director Ranjit Sinha for the international meet.
Show of solidarity
More than 30 Hindu volunteers are ready to set an example of communal harmony in Trilokpuri by leading Muharram processions, IANS reported.
The Hindu volunteers will be divided among the five Muharram processions that will set out from different blocks of the east Delhi locality.
Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Beniwal told IANS: "Five Muharram processions may possibly set out from Block 27 and 37 of Trilokpuri around 2pm tomorrow (Tuesday). All the processions will be led by the Hindu volunteers. The Hindu volunteers are also ready to manage 'Chhabi', a water stall."
He said, "The number of people participating in the processions is not clear. They may be between 400 and 1,000."
Watch the traffic
Delhi is likely to witness traffic snarls on various routes due to Muharram processions, Delhi Traffic Police said on Monday, advising commuters to take alternate roads.
 
Police have also asked Delihiites to avail the services of Delhi Metro to save themselves from severe congestions, especially during peak hours.
 
According to police, the 'Alam and Taboot' procession will be taken out from Shia Jama Masjid, Kashmere Gate, Chabi Ganj, Chhota Bazar, Bara Bazar around 9am and would end at Panja Sharif at around 4pm while the tazias from Nizamuddin, Okhla and Mehrauli would reach Karbala directly.
 
These processions shall pass through entire Old Delhi region and make their way through major zones and stretches that include the Paharganj bridge, Ajmeri Gate (including the road near the New Delhi Railway Station), Chelmsford Road, Connaught Place, Parliament Street, Red Cross Road, Tughlak Road, Aurobindo Marg and Jor Bagh.
 
"There is likelihood of slowing down and congestion of traffic along the route of the procession and adjoining roads.
"In addition, due to other local processions, movement of traffic is also likely to be affected on Mathura Road, Maa Anandmai Marg, Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, Road No 56, Road No 66, Pankha Road, Palam Dabri Road etc," additional commissioner of police (Traffic) Anil Shukla said.
 
General public and motorists are advised to avoid the above mentioned routes, co-operate and follow the directions of the traffic policemen posted along the routes of procession to avoid inconvenience, he added.
 
Those going to New Delhi Railway Station particularly in evening should leave in advance and have sufficient time for possible delay in routes.
 
For reaching New Delhi Railway Station commuters should avoid Connaught Place and reach Ajmeri Gate side through Tilak Marg, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg or through Rajghat and Jawahar Lal Nehru Marg depending on movement of procession, police said.
(with PTI and IANS inputs)

CBI arrests BJD MP Ramchandra Hansda  2 ex-MLAs in ponziscamBJD MP Ramchandra Hansda coming out of CBI office after interrogation. (Source: IE photo by Chandra Sekhar Sahoo)
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:42 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:17 pm
In  a jolt to ruling Biju Janata Dal, the CBI on Tuesday arrested BJD MP Ramchandra Hansda and former party MLA Subarna Nayak over charges of their links with chit fund firm Nabadiganta Capital Services. Former BJP MLA Hitesh Bagarti too was arrested over the same charges.
Soon after their arrest, BJD chief Naven Patnaik suspended Hansda and Nayak from the party like he had done to party MLA Pravat Tripathy on October 31. BJP in a press release said Bagartti is no longer a member of the party since Assembly polls early this year.
All three were summoned by the CBI on Tuesday, for the third time in 12 days, for interrogation. In July this year, CBI had recovered Rs 28
lakh from the house of Hansda, first time MP and secretary of the BJD parliamentary party in Lok Sabha. An MLA of NCP in the last Assembly, Hansda switched to BJD on the eve of polls this year.
Hansda, the founder director of the chit fund company had initially claimed that it was his ‘own money’  but later he changed his stand
and said the money belonged to his supporters. Hitesh Bagartti and Subarna Nayak, MLAs in the last Assembly and directors in the same
company, were denied tickets by the BJD and the BJP respectively in this year’s elections. CBI sources said the three would be forwarded
to court tomorrow. Earlier, chairman cum managing director of the company, Anjan Kumar Baliarsingh and two directors — Kartikeya Parida and Pradeep Patnaik — were arrested by CBI Oct 26.
Nabadiganta Capital Services, one of the 44 chit fund firms being probed nder orders of Supreme Court, raised Rs 15 crore between August 2011 and 2013 from people promising better returns. Butt the company maaged to return only half of the money till its assets were seized by State CID following complaints from over 20000 duped depositors.
This is the second arrest of BJD men after CBI got former chief whip and party MLA Pravat Tripathy on October 31 over his link with chit fund firm Artha Tatwa. Tripathy has been remanded to CBI till November 13 for interrogation.
So far over 750 people have been arrested by CBI and Orissa police over their link with chit fund scam.
CBI sources said more ruling party politicians may come in its net after they start interrogating Prashant Das, chief of chit fund group
Seashore. Das, who is now being quizzed by ED, reportedly told his interrogators that Seashore more than Rs 50 crore in different
government projects. Das collected hundeds of crores of from the public by offering high interest rates and then invested around Rs 12
crore each in health, tourism, industries and science and technology departments.

JMB wanted to set up women wing in Assam:GogoiChief Minister said the state government has taken all possible steps to restore peace and normalcy. (Source: PTI/file)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:28 pm
Even as the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has launched an operation to track down 12 Jamaat-ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) – one among them being from Assam – as a follow-up to the Burdwan blast of October 2, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said the JMB was also trying to establish a women’s wing in the state.
“The JMB was trying to set up a women’s wing in Assam. They have already attracted a number of youth from Assam, some of whom have also gone abroad to train in jihad,” Gogoi said. Though the Assam Police had on earlier occasions said about youth going to Bangladesh for training, it was for the first time today that information about a women’s wing was made public, and that too by the chief minister.
Gogoi also said that Barpeta district in Assam had become a major concentration of jihadi elements. “They are most active in Barpeta district,” Gogoi said. The Assam Police had only recently arrested seven persons from different villages in Barpeta district for their alleged links to the Burdwan module of the JMB.
The NIA on its part has named Sahanur Alom of village Chatala in Barpeta among 12 “most wanted” persons in connection with JMB activities in the post-Burdwan investigations and announced a reward of RS 5 lakh for providing information about him.
On a question about surveillance on madrasas in the state, chief minister Gogoi said not all madrasas are in the radar of the police. “Just because one of two madrasas have been identified or persons associated with madrasas have been arrested does not mean all the madrasas are involved in jihadi activities. We cannot blame all,” he said.
A team of NIA sleuths meanwhile carried out a search operatio in two houses in Chatala village in Barpeta, these belonging to Sahanur Alom and his brother Zakaria. While Zakaria has been arrested by the Assam Police last week, Sahanur and his wife Sajina, both of whom were directly associated with the JMB’s Burdwan module, have remained untraceable.
The JMB, which is opposed to the present government in Bangladesh, aims to “build a society based on the Islamic model laid out in Holy Quran-Hadith.” Reports say it follows the ideals of the Taliban of Afghanistan.

Mumbai leads as four metros capture 23% of Indian InternetusersTop four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:23 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:15 am
While Mumbai, with 16.4 million Internet users, tops the online penetration in India, Delhi has registered the highest year-on-year growth in users, shows the IAMAI-IMRB I-Cube 2014 Findings.
Delhi has the second largest number of internet users at 12.15 million, followed by Kolkata at 6.27 million. Kolkata has overtaken Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million) to come to third slot.
In 2013, Mumbai had 12 million internet users, while Delhi had 8.1 million.
Delhi registered With 50 per cent y-o-y growth, while Mumbai followed with 37 per cent, and Bangalore with 36 per cent. Hyderabad and Pune, with a growth of 34 per cent each are at fourth while Kolkata and Ahmedabad with 33 per cent each are at fifth position. Chennai with 24 per cent  has registered the lowest growth rate among the top eight cities.
Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet Users in India. The other four Metros have 11 per cent.
Among the smaller metros with a population of more than 1 million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur are the top five cities with highest number of internet users.

 European Shares Gain Ground as Oil Prices Extend FallYou are here: Home Market
European Shares Gain Ground as Oil Prices Extend Fall
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:22 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
London: European shares gained ground and core bond yields dipped on Tuesday following a raft of company trading updates, bucking a more muted trend in Asia and the United States as oil prices extended their fall and economic growth fears lingered.
US crude oil was trading down by more than $1 at $77.61 a barrel, while Brent crude futures also fell to $83.66, extending losses after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut prices to the United States.
The after-effects of the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus move last week were also still being felt, with the dollar taking a breather but still near multi-year highs against the yen and euro and with raised expectations that the ECB will eventually have to adopt quantitative easing.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index was up 0.4 per cent at 0750 GMT after Spain's Banco Santander reported a jump in third-quarter net profit and German luxury carmaker BMW AG said its third-quarter operating profit came in ahead of expectations.
The European reporting season is not turning into the rout investors feared, with cost cuts helping to deliver earnings in line with or ahead of downbeat forecasts.
The mood, nevertheless, remained far from euphoric in the wake of disappointing economic signals from China, where data on Monday showed manufacturing activity hit a five-month low, as well as downbeat euro zone manufacturing PMI numbers.
"Earnings have been better than expected overall and this is offsetting the bad macro data seen in Europe lately," said Alexandre Baradez, chief market analyst at IG France.
"The dollar is on the rise again, and investors are starting to price in the impact that the lower euro will have on exporters' profits but also on the euro zone economic growth in the long term."
Japan bucks Asia's dip
Asian stocks dipped on Tuesday as the latest signs of slower growth in China and the euro zone dampened the mood, although Japan bucked the trend and rose to new seven-year highs on the back of the monetary-stimulus momentum.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 per cent.
Tokyo's Nikkei was up 2.7 per cent after advancing to a peak last touched in October 2007, boosted by the yen's continuing weakness. Japanese financial markets were closed on Monday for a public holiday.
"Investors who missed the initial move are positioning themselves for the next lurch higher," said Raiko Shareef, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand.
The euro was up 0.3 per cent at $1.2521 EUR= after falling to a two-year trough of $1.2390 overnight.
Repercussions from the yen's broad depreciation were felt in South Korea, where exporters extended losses on worries that a softer Japanese currency would erode their price competitiveness relative to Japanese rivals. South Korean shares were down 0.9 percent.
The Australian dollar was up 0.5 per cent at $0.8724 as the US dollar ceded some ground against its peers. Overall reaction to the Reserve Bank of Australia's widely anticipated decision to leave rates unchanged was limited.
The central bank refrained from stepping up its warnings about a strong currency, which lifted the Aussie slightly.
The Malaysian ringgit was near a nine-month low against the dollar on worries over lower oil prices hurting the country's economic fundamentals.
It recovered some of its losses, with the central bank suspected of intervening to support the currency, though that gave investors a chance to unload the ringgit.
"We cannot fight the (US dollar). We have US jobs data this week, which is another USD positive factor," said a senior Malaysian bank trader in Kuala Lumpur.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Westlake beats Street 3Q forecasts... 
November 4, 2014 06:21 AM EST | Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) _ Westlake Chemical Corp. (WLK) on Tuesday reported earnings of $167.8 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Houston-based company said it had net income of $1.25. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs, came to $1.59 per share.
The results surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.55 per share.
The chemical company posted revenue of $1.25 billion in the period, also surpassing Street forecasts. Analysts expected $1.23 billion, according to Zacks.
Westlake shares have increased 16 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has risen 33 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. WLK stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Westlake,Earnings Report

Dish misses Street 3Q forecasts...November 4, 2014 06:21 AM EST | Associated Press
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) _ Dish Network Corp. (DISH) on Tuesday reported third-quarter earnings of $145.5 million.
On a per-share basis, the Englewood, Colorado-based company said it had profit of 31 cents.
The results did not meet Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 41 cents per share.
The satellite television provider posted revenue of $3.68 billion in the period, which also fell short of Street forecasts. Analysts expected $3.7 billion, according to Zacks.
Dish shares have risen 10 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has increased 32 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. DISH stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Dish,Earnings Report

State Auto Financial posts 3Q profit... 
November 4, 2014 06:15 AM EST | Associated Press
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) _ State Auto Financial Corp. (STFC) on Tuesday reported net income of $11.9 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Columbus, Ohio-based company said it had profit of 28 cents. Earnings, adjusted for investment gains, were 25 cents per share.
The insurance holding company posted revenue of $289.1 million in the period.
State Auto Financial shares have dropped nearly 2 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has climbed slightly more than 9 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. STFC stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:State Auto Financial,Earnings Report

Maruti investing about Rs 4 000 cr in key areas in 2-3 yearsMaruti investing about Rs 4 000 cr in key areas in 2-3 years
Banks  FIs to spend Rs 46 900 cr on IT in 2014: GartnerBanks  FIs to spend Rs 46 900 cr on IT in 2014: Gartner
UK spy chief blames US tech firms over extremismUK spy chief blames US tech firms over extremism
Qatar s wealth fund expands in China  eyes property and other investmentsQatar s wealth fund expands in China  eyes property and other investments
Fresh polls in Delhi as Cabinet approves L-G s decision to dissolve AssemblyFresh polls in Delhi as Cabinet approves L-G s decision to dissolve Assembly
Singapore engineering group focuses on Indian smart citiesSingapore engineering group focuses on Indian smart cities
Greg Chappell hits back at Sachin Tendulkar s  Dravid  claimWill not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI
Former India coach Greg Chappell today hit back at Sachin Tendulkar and rubbished the champion batsman’s claim that he had made a “shocking” suggestion to him to take over India’s captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Sachin Tendulkar has written in his autobiography ‘Playing it My Way’, due for release on Thursday, that the Australian visited his house months before the 2007 World Cup and tried to convince him to take over the captaincy from Dravid.
But Greg Chappell said he was stunned by the claims.
“Whilst I don’t propose to get into a war of words, I can state quite clearly that during my time as Indian coach I never contemplated Sachin replacing Rahul Dravid as captain,” Chappell said in a statement.
“I was therefore very surprised to read the claims made in the book.
“During those years, I only ever visited Sachin’s home once, and that was with our physio and assistant coach during Sachin’s rehabilitation from injury, at least 12 months earlier than what was reported in the book,” he said.
Chappell said he enjoyed a pleasant afternoon at Tendulkar’s home and the captaincy issue never came up for discussion.
“We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised,” Chappell added.
In the book Tendulkar wrote that Chappell told him that together they could “control Indian cricket for years”.
“Together, we could control Indian cricket for years”, the Australian told Tendulkar during a visit to his home when he offered to “help me in taking over the reins of the side” from Dravid, the master batsman writes in his autobiography.
Tendulkar said he was shocked by the suggestion and the lack of respect shown to Dravid by Chappell.
In the book, Tendulkar is scathing in his criticism of Chappell who was the national coach from 2005 to 2007, describing him as a “ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not”.
TAGS: Greg Chappell Sachin Tendulkar
More from miscellaneous

Wave of extremist content online swellsUK security services face rise of extremist content online
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0266d5e-489e-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ahead of the Bell: US trade gap... 
October 3, 2014 06:37 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Commerce Department reports on the U.S. trade deficit for August. The report will be released Friday at 8:30 a.m. EDT.
WIDER DEFICIT: The expectation is that the deficit widened slightly in August, increasing to $40.8 billion, according to a survey of economists by data firm FactSet.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS: In July, the deficit fell to $40.5 billion, its lowest level since January. Both exports and imports increased, suggesting increased spending by consumers and businesses. That's a good sign for economic growth potential in the second half of the year.
The trade deficit with China hit a monthly record in July, rising to $30.9 billion, a development that puts more pressure on Congress and the Obama administration to protect American jobs.
U.S. manufacturers say that China is manipulating its currency for a trade advantage. They say China undervalues the yuan to make the goods it manufactures cheaper when they are exported, and American products more expensive in China.
A higher trade deficit subtracts from economic growth because it usually means that foreign companies sell more in this country while U.S. producers see fewer sales in overseas markets.
Through July, the trade deficit widened to $295.3 billion, up 4.6 percent from the same period a year ago.
In 2013, the trade deficit declined by 11.4 percent. That reflected in part a boom in U.S. energy production that cut into America's dependence on foreign oil while boosting U.S. petroleum exports to a record high.
Rising domestic energy production has continued to help lower the petroleum trade deficit this year.

Mind your metadata  Isis warns followersIsis closes the cyber blackout blinds to avoid attack
Sam Jones in London and Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8feb224-555b-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi is 3rd largest smartphone vendorXiaomi becomes world's 3rd largest smartphone vendor, says study
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: October 30, 2014  | 17:08 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Xiaomi, the Chinese smartphone maker , has become the world's third-largest smartphone vendor just three years after first hitting the market, trailing technology giants Samsung Electronics and Apple, according to a new industry study.
Strategy Analytics said Xiaomi accounted for 6 per cent of all 320 million smartphones shipped during the July-September quarter. South Korean technology major Samsung made up 25 per cent share, down from 35 per cent in 2013, due to rising competition from several directions.
Apple's smartphone share also fell slightly to 12 per cent.
"Xiaomi was the star performer," Strategy Analytics Executive Director Neil Mawston said in a statement.
"Samsung continues to face tough competition from Apple at the higher-end of the smartphone market, from Xiaomi and Huawei in the middle-tiers, and from Lenovo and others at the entry-level," Mawston said.
Xiaomi has been the top seller in China, which is its home market, and recently entered the domestic smartphone market , where it sells phones exclusively through e-commerce website Flipkart.
In September, Vice President Hugo Barra told Reuters in Bangalore that the company aimed to sell 100,000 phones a week in the domestic market in October when the country celebrates Diwali.
(Reuters)

Meet The Mom Taking Her Pregnancy Case To The Supreme CourtMeet The Working Mother Taking Her Pregnancy Discrimination Case To The Supreme Court
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  9:59 am EDT
Peggy Young pictured at the Maryland statehouse last May, when the state legislature passed the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.  | Courtesy Sharon Fast Gustafson
reddit
WASHINGTON -- When Peggy Young became pregnant in 2006, she had every intention of continuing to work delivering packages for UPS in Maryland. At the urging of the company's occupational health manager, Young visited her doctor to obtain a note detailing any work restrictions she might need. Her doctor recommended that she not lift more than 20 pounds for the first 20 weeks of her pregnancy.
Based on the doctor's note, UPS placed Young on unpaid leave, an all too common experience for women nationwide . Although UPS often put workers with other conditions on light duty, it told Young that such accommodations wouldn't apply to an "off-the-job" condition such as her pregnancy. Not only would she lose her income, she would have to suddenly switch to her husband's health insurance plan, changing the hospitals at which she could potentially give birth.
"I wanted to work," Young told The Huffington Post. "I all but begged for them to let me work."
The unborn child Young was carrying in 2006 is now a 7-year-old girl named Trinity. Young no longer works for UPS, but she's still fighting the shipping giant for denying her accommodations while she was pregnant. Young sued UPS alleging discrimination, and her case, Young v. UPS , is now before the Supreme Court, with oral arguments expected in December.
If the policy enforced on Young in 2006 doesn't seem particularly enlightened, UPS itself would seem to agree. In a memo sent to employees this week, the company announced that it will begin offering light duty to pregnant workers on Jan. 1, the Washington Post reported Wednesday. The turnaround puts UPS in the peculiar position of defending before the Supreme Court a policy that it is already walking away from.
In a brief filed last Friday, UPS maintains that its decision to deny Young an accommodation was "lawful at the time it was made," a position it reiterated to HuffPost. The company said it decided to alter the policy to respond in part to new guidelines from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , which investigates workplace discrimination.
"Laws have been changing, and there's a growing consensus looking at best practices," said Kara Gerhardt Ross, a UPS spokeswoman. "We want to provide good benefits. We saw this as a good thing for our employees."
Even though it may now be moot for UPS's own workforce, Young's case could have far-reaching consequences for working women throughout the country. The underlying question is whether or not the Pregnancy Discrimination Act compels companies to offer light-duty options to pregnant workers if they already do so for non-pregnant workers in other situations. The 1978 law, which amended the Civil Rights Act, forbids companies from treating pregnant workers differently from workers who are "similar in their ability or inability to work."
UPS maintains that its leave policy was pregnancy "neutral," treating workers like Young no better or worse than their colleagues who aren't pregnant. The circumstances under which UPS drivers were entitled to light duty, the company notes in its argument, were laid out in a collective bargaining agreement with the Teamsters union. Under that agreement, the company didn't have to provide temporary accommodations to workers with "off-the-job injuries or conditions," unless it was a cognitive disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Ultimately, the company argues , the policy "treats a lifting restriction resulting from pregnancy in exactly the same way" as, say, a "back injury sustained off the job."
Young's legal team says the policy violated the "plain language" of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, deeming the company's off-the-job distinction irrelevant. They note that the law includes no exceptions for a "pregnancy-blind" reason to deny a pregnant worker accommodations. If the company is willing to provide light duty to other workers, then it has to grant them to pregnant workers, they argue.
"If a person wasn't pregnant but was injured on the job and had the same restrictions, UPS would have provided an accommodation," Sam Bagenstos, a lawyer for Young and a professor at the University of Michigan Law School, told HuffPost shortly before UPS announced its policy change. "UPS actually accommodates a very large swath of its drivers who have lifting restrictions, but not for workers whose restrictions result from pregnancy."
Bagenstos said the case is more likely to affect women in low-wage and manual-labor jobs than anything else. After all, women in higher-paying, white-collar positions generally don't have to worry about heavy lifting in the course of their job duties, and are therefore less likely to find themselves having to request light duty from their employer.
Given the stakes of the case, a broad and rather unusual coalition of stakeholders have lined up behind Young. Those filing briefs in her support include not only a host of women's rights organizations and the American Civil Liberties Union , but also the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce and 23 pro-life groups . The interest of the pro-life crowd is obvious. As the groups note in their brief, "economic pressure is a significant factor in many women’s decision to choose abortion over childbirth."
Ariela Migdal, a lawyer handling pregnancy discrimination cases at the ACLU, said the ideological diversity of Young's alliance is an asset for her.
"They kind of came together around this because it offends many people to think workplaces should be forcing pregnant workers to make horrible choices," Migdal said.
Now 42 years old and a mother of three, Young works for a government contractor outside of Washington, D.C. Eight years after becoming pregnant with Trinity, she still has the same lawyer, Sharon Fast Gustafson, who pressed UPS to accommodate her pregnancy in 2006.
Last year, Young and Gustafson celebrated Maryland's passage of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a law that requires the state's employers to make reasonable accommodations for their pregnant employees. Similar laws have been passed in other states since Young first filed her case, and a federal version has been championed by Democrats in Congress, though it hasn't passed either the House or Senate yet.
Despite the progress that has been made, Young said that both the law and corporate America have plenty more catching up to do.
"It's not just about me; it's about all women considering becoming pregnant," Young said. "You're not pregnant forever, and a lot of families these days need both their incomes. I think if hard-working women want to work and become pregnant, then we should let them."
Also on HuffPost:

Walmart To Kick Off Holiday Shopping Season Day After HalloweenWalmart To Kick Off Holiday Shopping Season Day After Halloween
 | By                                                                By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is doing whatever it takes to rope in holiday shoppers however they want to buy.
For the first time, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is offering free shipping on what it considers the season's top 100 hottest gifts, from board games to items related to Disney's hit film "Frozen" items, starting Saturday. The move comes as rival Target Corp. began offering free shipping on all items, a program that started late October and will last through Dec. 20.
Wal-Mart is also planning to offer discounts, or what it refers to as "rollbacks," on more than 20,000 items on a broad range of products, from groceries to TVs, starting Saturday. The timing is similar to last year, but the discounter said the assortment is broader. It's also pulling forward by nearly a month 15 24-hour online deals originally reserved for the Thanksgiving weekend and so-called Cyber Monday, about double from last year. For the first time, Wal-Mart will allow shoppers to pick up those 24-hour online specials at the store. They include 40-inch Element TVs for $199, down from $298, and Crayola Paint Makers for $12, down from $18.88. Customers will be able to purchase the deals online starting shortly after midnight on Monday.
The online deals are in addition to several hundred online holiday specials that start Saturday.
"We're trying to offer the best deals when they want them," said Steve Bratspies, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and general merchandise manager for Wal-Mart's U.S. division.
Wal-Mart unveiled some of the details of its holiday strategy as it considers matching online prices from competitors such as Amazon.com, a move that could help grab more customers but could also hurt profit margins. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based discounter has matched prices of local store competitors but has not followed other retailers including Best Buy and Target in matching prices of online rivals. But last month, Wal-Mart started to test the strategy in five markets: Atlanta; Charlotte, North Carolina; Dallas; Phoenix; and northwest Arkansas.
Wal-Mart is trying to rev up sluggish sales in the U.S. as it battles competition from online retailers, dollar stores and drugstores. At the same time, it's also dealing with a slowly recovering economy that hasn't benefited its low-income shoppers. As a result, Wal-Mart's U.S. namesake stores, which account for 60 percent of its total business, haven't reported growth in a key sales measure in six straight quarters.
Wal-Mart's move underscores how stores are being forced to step up their game for the holiday shopping season, which accounts for about 20 percent of retail industry's annual sales. The National Retail Federation, the nation's largest retail trade group, forecasts a 4.1 percent sales increase to $616.9 billion for November and December from last year. But online sales, which are included in the forecast, are expected to increase anywhere from 8 percent to 11 percent.
Wal-Mart declined to say whether it was considering changing its price match policy for just the holidays or permanently. Deisha Barnett, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, says many store managers have matched online prices for customers on a case-by-case basis.
"Taking care of the customers who shop our stores is what we always aim to do," she added.
As for its free shipping holiday program, Wal-Mart said that it had store executives pick the 100 items and that products are guaranteed to arrive before Christmas.  Wal-Mart's current policy is that online shoppers have to spend at least $50.
_____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio
More:

What s Behind Dear Kate s No-Underwear Yoga PantsWhat's Behind Dear Kate's No-Underwear Yoga Pants
Posted:
reddit
Lingerie company Dear Kate's new no-underwear yoga pants make a lot of promises: No panty lines. No bunching. No riding up. No camel toe. No stressing about comfort. And they'll make your butt look great.
If they can deliver all that, the new pants, which have a thick, absorbent lining around the crotch, may be able to shove their way into the busy market for yoga gear. That's the plan, at least, for Dear Kate founder Julie Sygiel, whose company is making its first foray away from undergarments.
"We surveyed our customers and said, 'Hey what do you want to see from us next,'" Sygiel, who studied chemical engineering at Brown University, told the Huffington Post in an interview. "Yoga wear was by far the winner."
She may have caught on to something.
Most women wear a thong or other kind of panties with their yoga pants. But around 17 percent of women wear nothing at all underneath their pants when they work out, according to Dear Kate's market research. A survey conducted by Groupon earlier this year found that about 25 percent of women go commando while practicing yoga.
Alexandra Seijo, who teaches yoga at Equinox and Pure Yoga in New York City, said she doesn't usually wear underwear while practicing, and will definitely check our Dear Kate's new pants. She wants to be focused on what's happening internally when she's doing yoga, so something that would keep her mind from getting distracted would be a plus, she said.
"Sometimes we do get caught up in the external, when the purpose of yoga is to go within,"  Seijo told HuffPost. "The last thing you want to worry about is tugging, pulling, pinching, having any kind of clothing malfunction because you want to be fully immersed in the practice."
Still, no-underwear yoga pants have their limits. Some may have issues trusting the concept of shunning their underwear, especially after Lululemon's see-through yoga pant debacle in 2013. And they need to be washed after each use without an undergarment.
Dear Kate started as an underwear company, but decided to expand into yoga-wear. (Photo courtesy Dear Kate)
Founded in 2012, Dear Kate has raised $1.2 million thus far from private investors, selling a selection of undergarments that present an alternative to "period panties." They have extra lining and are made of materials that wick moisture, release stains and resist leaks. They're also aimed at women who have bladder issues after pregnancy.
Now, Dear Kate is trying to grab a piece of the growing market for yoga gear. Global sales of so-called "activewear" climbed 7 percent and surpassed $33 billion in the 12 months ending in June, according to data from market research firm NPD Group. Athletic wear companies, fast-fashion emporiums and even some haute couture labels are trying to claim their slice of the yoga pie. Meanwhile, smaller yoga apparel makers are battling each other , vying to be the next Lululemon.
The regular, full-length yoga pant from Dear Kate costs $118. Lululemon charges between $82 and $128 for most of its yoga pants, while many similar styles from rival Athleta run from $64 to $98.
While items like no-underwear running shorts have been around for a long time, Sygiel is hoping that her more versatile yoga product will set it apart. And the stretchy pants aren't just for yoga -- women use them for many athletics, from pilates to running and biking.
Sygiel's yoga pants, made at a factory in Queens, New York, are getting attention even before they become available to the public. A 30-day Kickstarter campaign for the pants attracted more than $150,000 in funding. Though Sygiel declined to share precise sales numbers, she said that in 2014, the company expects to triple its revenue total from the year prior.
Dear Kate's pants are expected to launch in mid-November, but are available for pre-order now.
Dear Kate's no-underwear yoga pants have a thick, moisture-wicking lining. (Photo courtesy Dear Kate)
More:

http://usat.ly/1zLE6843 Social Security myths debunked
Many Americans fall into the trap of believing Social Security myths.
Post to Facebook
3 Social Security myths debunked Many Americans fall into the trap of believing Social Security myths. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wtbMCt
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
3 Social Security myths debunked
Dan Caplinger, The Motley Fool 9:33 a.m. EDT October 26, 2014
In this May 8, 2008 file photo, blank U.S. Treasury checks are seen on a roll at the Philadelphia Financial Center, which disburses payments on behalf of federal agencies, in Philadelphia. Millions of older Americans who rely on federal benefits will get a 1.7 percent increase in their monthly payments next year, the government announced Wednesday. Itís the third year in a row the increase will be less than 2 percent. The annual cost-of-living adjustment, or COLA, affects payments to more than 70 million Social Security recipients, disabled veterans and federal retirees.
(Photo: Matt Rourke, AP)
129 CONNECT 39 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
On its face, Social Security seems like a simple program. Workers pay Social Security taxes into the system that go to pay current retiree and disability benefits, with the expectation that, when they retire, they'll get Social Security benefits funded by taxes paid by younger workers.
Yet because the details of how Social Security works are so complex, a huge amount of misinformation and confusion has arisen about the program. As a result, many Americans fall into the trap of believing Social Security myths rather than digging deeper to find the truth. Let's look at three popular Social Security myths that can lead you to make major mistakes in your retirement planning.
Myth 1: There's a perfect time to start collecting Social Security
Look around the Internet, and you'll find all sorts of conflicting advice about when you should start taking your Social Security benefits. Many analysts correctly note that the longer you delay starting to get Social Security checks, the bigger those checks will be when you collect them. Given that Social Security is, for many people, the one reliable income source that will last the rest of their lives, making the most of those benefits makes a lot of sense.
Yet other analysts also correctly note that the earlier you start receiving Social Security, the larger a head start you'll have over those who wait for years before they get a single penny in benefits. It can take a decade or longer for the larger delayed payments to catch up with the smaller payments you get by taking Social Security early at age 62.
As nice as it would be if there were a simple and perfect answer for everyone, the fact is that everyone's situation is different. Factors like your family situation, your health, and your earnings can make the same decision smart for one person and unwise for another. Once you understand the trade-offs and rewards of making various decisions about when to start receiving Social Security benefits, you'll be better able to make an informed decision that's right for you.
Myth 2: Social Security will run out of money, so you should grab everything you can now
The majority of Social Security recipients start taking benefits earlier than full retirement age, and one commonly cited reason is that the Social Security Administration has warned Americans about the potential for the program to run out of money. According to its analysis, the Trustees in charge of the Social Security Trust Fund anticipate that the fund will run out of reserves in 2033. That has many retirees clamoring to get as much as they can from the program while the getting's good.
The myth here is the idea that Social Security will stop making payments entirely in 2033. Even in a worst-case scenario, the SSA believes that it will be able to keep paying about 77% of all benefits due after that date, using Social Security tax revenue to fund payments. Moreover, in similar situations in the past, lawmakers have managed to make Social Security reforms that extended the anticipated lifetime of the program. As with the first myth, that doesn't mean that claiming early is a bad choice -- but don't do it for the wrong reason.
Myth 3: Decisions about Social Security have nothing to do with other financial considerations
Like it or not, Social Security is deeply entwined with other decisions you make about your retirement planning. If you expect to work into your late 60s but want to supplement your income with Social Security benefits, then you have to consider the potential impact of having so much earned income that you start to forfeit your benefits. Similarly, when it comes to taxes, your decisions regarding withdrawals from tax-favored retirement accounts like IRAs and 401(k) plans can affect how much of your Social Security benefits will be subject to tax.
Moreover, married couples need to consider the impact each spouse's Social Security decision has on the other spouse's benefits. In some cases, what looks best to you can make your spouse -- and your family as a whole -- worse off.
As the Baby Boom generation ages, there's more information on Social Security than ever before. But you still have to beware of Social Security myths that can lead you astray. Keep some of the most common misunderstandings in mind, and you'll give yourself a much better chance of making the right choices for you and your family.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;gt;&amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;gt;&amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/A&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;gt;
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wtbMCt
Looking for a Job?

Bangla media tycoon gets death for 1971 war crimesBy: Press Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:27 am
Top leader of fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami party and Bangladeshi media tycoon Mir Quasem Ali was sentenced to death on Saturday by a special war crimes court for atrocities he committed during the 1971 independence war against Pakistan, days after the party’s chief was given capital punishment on identical charges.
“He (Ali) shall be hanged by neck until he is dead,” pronounced chairman of the three-member special tribunal for war crimes, as the 62-year-old Jamaat leader looked bewildered on the dock.
Amid heavy security, the court simultaneously sentenced him to a 72-year imprisonment for several other charges.
The jail terms would be virtually infructuous since he was sentenced to death.
Emerging from the court, the lawyers said the tribunal found Ali guilty of 10 out of 14 charges while under two charges he was sentenced to death for torturing to death two juvenile freedom fighters and throwing their bodies into a river at northeastern port city of Chittagong.
The verdict came as Jamaat activists enforced the second phase of their three-day nationwide general strike which they called after the chief of Bangladesh’s largest Islamist party, Matiur Rahman Nizami was handed down the death penalty on October 29.
Nizami, 71, was sentenced to death for mass killing, rape, loot and for death of several intellectuals during the nation’s independence war against Pakistan 43 years ago.
Meanwhile, life in capital Dhaka and other major cities, remained largely normal as paramilitary Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) and elite anti-crime Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) were deployed to avoid violence similar to the one witnessed after Nizami’s sentencing.
Who is he?
# Mir Quasem Ali is amember of Jamaat-e-Islami’s highest policy making body & one of the party’s top financiers
# Was a leader of Jamaat’s powerful student wing, the third in command of the infamous Gestapo-like Al-Badr militia
# Heads Diganta Media Corporation which owns a pro-Jamaat daily and a television station
His crimes
# Accused of running a makeshift torture camp at a hotel in Chittagong where hundreds of people — freedom fighters and their supporters — were killed.
# Tortured to death two juvenile freedom fighters and threw their bodies into a river, for which he was given death

Moscow recognises Ukraine separatist voteMoscow recognises Ukraine separatist vote
Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92cff6aa-633f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex slips after hitting new high  Nifty ends flatMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips after hitting new high, Nifty ends flat
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Monday hit new life high of 27,969.82 but lost all gains to end about 5 points lower at 27,860.38 on profit booking in bluechips after a four-day strong rally.
The NSE Nifty, however, settled 1.95 points higher at new record close of 8,324.15, surpassing previous peak of 8322.20.
Traders said markets are seen consolidating their gains over the previous week's stupendous gains.
The 30-share Sensex, which had gained over 1,112 points in the previous four sessions, commenced on a strong footing and soared to hit new lifetime high of 27,969.82.
However, the BSE barometer retreated from record highs due to profit-booking in recent performers and slipped into negative zone to hit the day's low of 27,785.40. It finally settled at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points, or 0.02 per cent over the previous close of 27,865.83.
The BSE benchmark index had ended at all-time closing high of 27,865.83 and had also hit intra-day high of 27,894.32 on Friday.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty after breaching all previous records, today hit yet another high of 8,350.60 and finally ended with a daily gain of 1.95 points, or 0.02 per cent, at 8,324.15. During the session, it dipped below the 8,300 mark to touch a low of 8,297.65. The gauge on Friday had scaled previous life-time (intra-day) high of 8,330.75.
Provisional data released by exchanges showed overseas investors bought shares worth net Rs 1754.73 crore on Friday.
Among 30 Sensex components, 18 stocks led by GAIL, CIL, ITC, NTPC, ONGC and BHEL ended down while 12 others were up.
"Realty, Media and PSU Banks remained the best performing sectors while Auto, Energy and Pharma stocks saw selling pressure. We are seeing some consolidation in markets amidst some profit booking, mixed global cues..." said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
In autos, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Tata Motors and Hero MotoCorp were among losers after monthly sales reports.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables index suffered the most by falling 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto index (0.88 pc), PSU index (0.23 pc) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 pc).
There was mixed trend in other Asian markets after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October. Europe also saw a lower opening.

Aishwarya s special plans for AradhyaCelebrity
Ash celebrates her birthday
Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan who celebrated her 41st birthday with the media this Saturday said she is planning a special birthday for her daughter Aaradhya on Nov 16.
"Yes, I am planning for her birthday as it not far away," she said.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 3 Nov, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Sensex  Nifty soar to all-time highs on capital inflows  global cuesMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Markets today hit new lifetime highs with the benchmark BSE Sensex rising to 27,969.82 and the NSE Nifty scaling another peak 8,350.60 in early trade today on sustained inflow of foreign funds.
Extending its record-run, the 30-share index spurted by another 103.99 points, or 0.37 per cent, to quote at new lifetime high of 27,969.82 in early trade today, breaching its previous intra-day high of 27,894.32 touched on Friday.
The gauge had gained 1,112.93 points in the past four sessions.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved up by 28.40 points, or 0.34 per cent, to trade at new high of 8,350.60, surpassing its previous intra-day high of 8,330.75 reached on Friday.
Brokers said continued buying by funds as well as retail investors on the back of a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently and better-than-expected corporate earnings amid a firming overseas trend after Bank of Japan said it would ramp up its own stimulus programme to kick-start growth, mainly buoyed trading sentiment.
Globally, the US Dow Jones industrial average gained 1.13 per cent to close at record high in Friday’s trade.
TAGS: Markets Today Nifty And Sensex Nifty Today Sensex Record Sensex Today Sesnex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

KEITH BEDFORD / Reuterskeith bedford / reuters
Amazon Warns of Risks About India BusinessYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon Warns of Risks About India Business
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: November 03, 2014 17:44 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Global e-commerce giant Amazon in a regulatory filing has warned of risks that may force it to discontinue operations in India.
"(Our) Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to access sufficient funding...," the company said in a regulatory filing to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The filing was part of Amazon's third quarter results published last week.
The world's biggest e-commerce player added that there are "substantial uncertainties" regarding the interpretation of laws and regulations in India which may impact its business. It further added that though the company's structures and activities comply with existing laws, they involve "unique risks".
"Indian or other laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, our businesses in those countries could be subject to fines and other financial penalties, have licenses revoked, or be forced to shut down entirely," it said.
NDTV spoke to Amazon India, whose spokesperson acknowledged the risks but said there were no plans of shutting down operations in India.
"It's because our investments in India are going up substantially is why we have to make this disclosure in our risks. We see risks, that's it, but that does not tantamount to us shutting down in India, " Meenu Handa, head of communications at Amazon India said.
In July 2014, Amazon said it would invest $2 billion or over Rs 12,000 crore to expand operations in India. Ms Handa said the investment plans were on track.
The disclosures to the US market regulator come at a time when Amazon is reportedly facing tax issues in Karnataka. According to media reports, taxmen want the company to pay value-added tax or VAT on goods stored in the company's warehouses. Karnataka tax sleuths have reportedly sent notices to over 40 sellers to stop storing their goods in Amazon's warehouses near Bangalore as well.
Amazon, which launched its India operations in June 2013, is the second largest e-tailor in the country after Flipkart.
(With agency inputs)

Million-Dollar Donations Surge to Five-Year Highmillion-dollar donations surge to five-year high
Maruti Suzuki s Swift  Nissan s Datsun GO fail global NCAP crash testMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Maruti Suzuki India’s popular hatchback Swift and Nissan’s Datsun GO have failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP, showing “high risk of life-threatening injuries” but the companies say they conform to all the regulations currently applicable in India.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan’s Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki’s Swift demonstrated “a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection”.
“These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact,” Global NCAP said in a statement.
Reacting to the development, MSI said: “The cars manufactured and sold by Maruti Suzuki in India fully conform to all the regulations that are presently applicable in India.”
On similar lines, cars manufactured by Maruti Suzuki in India for export to international markets fully conform to all the regulations of the respective importing country, it added.
Swift is one of the top-selling cars in India.
Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said: “Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India…Safety is important and is a key issue in India. Automotive regulation standards in fast-growing countries are constantly evolving and as a global manufacturer, we are willing to adopt as well as help evolve standards in vehicular safety standards.”
As per its test, Global NCAP said Maruti Suzuki Swift “scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just one star for child occupant protection”.
“The Swift’s vehicle structure showed signs of collapsing in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car’s lack of standard-fit airbags meant that the driver’s head makes direct contact with the steering wheel – the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life threatening injuries,” it said, adding the test was conducted at a speed of 64 km/h.
The Datsun GO also scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just two stars for child occupant protection.
“The Datsun GO’s vehicle structure collapsed in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car’s lack of airbags meant that the driver’s head makes direct contact with the steering wheel and dashboard – the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life-threatening injuries,” it said.
The failure of the body shell makes it redundant to fit an airbag, it said.
However, unlike the GO, in Swift fitting with airbags would improve occupant protection, Global NCAP said.
Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said: “India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they would be in case of a crash.”
“If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags,” Mosley added.
Earlier this year, some of the most popular small cars sold in India, including Maruti Alto 800, Tata Nano, Ford Figo, Hyundai i10 and Volkswagen Polo, had failed Global NCAP crash tests showing high risk of life-threatening injuries in road accidents.
As per the tests done by Global NCAP, these cars received zero star for adult protection ratings in a frontal impact at 64km/hr.
The combined sales of these five cars account for around 20 per cent of all the new cars sold in India last year, Global NCAP said.
As per Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, total car sales in India stood at 18,07,011 units in 2013.
TAGS: Datsun GO Maruti Suzuki Maruti Swift NCAP Crash Test Nissan Swift Crash Test Swift Safety Test
More from automobiles

Cameron must be clear on Europe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95fce346-62aa-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rebuilding confidence in Europes banks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6f81660-6378-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin America pushes on with IPOBranson’s Virgin America pushes on with IPO
Mark Odell and Alistair Gray in London and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d355768-637d-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bio-Rad Paying $55M to Resolve US Bribery ClaimsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Going Against the Flow: Bastiaan Janmaat  CEO & Cofounder of DataFoxreddit
Bastiaan is the CEO and Cofounder of DataFox Intelligence , a company and sector intelligence platform backed by Google Ventures. Prior to launching DataFox, Bastiaan worked in private equity and venture capital at Goldman Sachs. He later served as Director of Business Development for a Kleiner Perkins portfolio company, evaluating over 150 acquisition targets. His intimate knowledge of the type of information investment and advisory firms seek played an integral role in the development of DataFox. Bastiaan was born in Japan, grew up in Singapore, went to undergraduate schools in the Netherlands, Hong Kong, Spain, and the UK, and holds an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Bastiaan Janmaat
Q: What does entrepreneurship mean to you?
BJ: To me entrepreneurship is all about bringing together people with unique experiences, opinions and expertise, and collectively building something that no other team could emulate. Successful founders have a north star - an idea or a vision of something that fixes a broken status quo- and they are able to find the individuals with the talents necessary to drive towards that north star, fully expecting that the exact location and nature of that north star will change over time.
When Alden, Mike, Ben and I started DataFox, our north star was "Wow, even the most well-resourced firms in the world employ analysts to do very manual labor, day in day out, hence limiting the time available for true analysis and discovery - this needs to be fixed." The exact shape of the product we're building to bring predictive intelligence to analysts in companies large and small has changed somewhat over the course of our journey. However, since we bring expertise from finance, enterprise SaaS, and artificial intelligence, we believe we're able to make decisions at critical forks in the road to continue building the best possible product that our current and prospective customers need.
Q: What are you most proud of in your professional career? If you could do something over in your life, what would it be?
BJ: I'm most proud of the team we've built at DataFox. Building a startup brings a lot of uncertainty with it, and I am sometimes tempted by an instinct to have to have all the answers, but I have found in the past year and a half that being surrounded by experts in various fields ensures that I can rely 100% upon our team's ability to make the best decisions most of the time.
Something I would have done differently? I would have studied a more technical field in college: perhaps, industrial design or civil engineering. I am fascinated with the technical considerations behind simple design, and I think this would have helped me tremendously in designing DataFox. Fortunately we have a co-founder and head of product who brings on board investment banking experience and a foundation in engineering, and has an authentic understanding of the problems we are solving. Still, I would have liked to be more helpful to him on the product design front.
Q: Tell us about an instance where you had to go against the flow to realize your goal.
BJ: I had been working as an analyst at Goldman Sachs in London for a little over two years when I decided I wanted to get an MBA in the US. I was very happy in my job, but as an investment analyst, I constantly found myself wanting to be on the other side of the table- in the entrepreneur's seat. However, I didn't know the first thing about starting my own company, and I was a generalist without any deep domain knowledge. An MBA presented itself as a great way to meet entrepreneurs and other industry experts, and consequently, the opportunity to figure out whether entrepreneurship might indeed be the right route for me. Leaving GS begged a big opportunity cost. Many peers, managers, and mentors advised me not to leave, but I followed my gut and couldn't be more grateful with the path that it has presented me with.
Q: What major trend is DataFox riding?
BJ: The volume of communication and data is exploding. There are too many streams to pull from, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to pull the right data point at the right time. Specifically for our customers, their companies' online footprints are expanding, but they don't have the time to monitor a company's employees on LinkedIn, their Twitter account, their Delaware filings, and the regional papers that cover them. Hence the need for "push". I train my delivery pipe to understand my interests, schedule, and priorities. The pipe decides what's important and surfaces that for me.
That's DataFox in a nutshell. Our clients - spanning investment firms, banks, business development, sales & marketing - track lists of prospects using DataFox, uncover new high-growth companies, benefit from having information garnered from thousands of sources all in one place, and receive notifications any time our algorithms pick up an important milestone.
Q: LinkedIn style - If you were to give advice to your 22 old self, what would it be?
BJ: "Never eat alone." This is the title given to marketing expert Keith Ferrazzi's impactful book about building and nurturing your network. I came to the US three years ago with a meager network here. I was fortunate to benefit tremendously from Stanford and the doors that it opened for me - introducing me to my co-founders, employees, advisers, mentors, investors, customers, and friends for life. I have found that amidst all of these remarkable people, there are a handful of folks who keep coming back as staunch supporters of myself and DataFox. These relationships were built up through meaningful interactions: over coffee, a tennis game, a shared class, or a shared glass. I would advise my 22-year-old self to invest more deliberately earlier on in life in building such meaningful relationships.
Follow Bastiaan at @ bastiaanjanmaat , and check out the other interviews in Going Against the Flow series at http://www.huffingtonpost.com/charu-sharma/ or thestartupsutra.com.
Follow Charu Sharma on Twitter: www.twitter.com/charu1603
More:

Stepping Back Into the Workforcereddit
Over a number of years I have interviewed a wagon load of people for positions, mainly for office jobs. You meet all kinds of interesting characters when you are trying to find your new favorite employee. The specific subgroup of applicants that I am thinking about today is one needing some advice methinks. Let's call them the "Time Travellers" group of workforce re-entries. They last worked some time ago, and are trying to hop back on to the working world.
I often find myself across from a jittering hopeful applying for their first job after a parental leave. Some had been off for years, and others for shorter periods, but generally they have been dealing in laundry, diapers and making shopping lists in crayon for a measurable gap in their career timeline. The sink hole of work skills glares up like a beacon of warning from their resumes.
They all share the same worry about having lost their skills or being too behind to be worth hiring. It is always interesting to hire somebody who feels insecure about their skill set and value. They are convinced they are behind the times, and are often right about that.
If you are a stay at home parent with some lag in your work place knowledge, you can still make your way up the ladder pretty quickly. Here are the top pieces of advice for your personal and professional approach when you want to get back on the work force merry go round. To be clear, these things come from what I have seen, and have actually happened, I couldn't make this shit up.
For your personal presentation:
Yoga pants are okay at home and at yoga. Do not wear them to job interviews.
Get a new hair do, and pay more than $7 for the cut if you can.
Polish shoes and nails, people notice that stuff if you want to work in an office.
A balconette bra hoisting the girls up around your chin will not help, not with me anyway.
Do not go on and on about your kids. Good to know how great a parent you are, once you get the job. However in the interview you are wasting my time.
Do not chew gum and do not wear silly hair pretties -- ever.
Do not show up late for the interview without having a valid reason that is explained the moment you know you will be a minute late.
Guys, get a new damned tie. Oh and check the one you are wearing for spit-up.
No visible piercings or those horrific ear wheels unless you are from the specific African tribe who started them, in which case they are cool.
For your  professional side:
Take any courses that seem remotely related to your career direction. Doing a ceramics course is dumb, and nobody needs to see that on a resume.
Get a mentor that is in the sector you want to enter, or even in business generally, and make sure that person is honest.
Take your resume to people under 40, who have changed jobs in the last few years, and ask them to give you some feedback.
Anything you did before you were 25 won't really matter, especially if it was part time -- nobody cares unless you helped found Apple.
Make sure you have an awesome profile on Linked In that isn't you in a teddy bear sweatshirt. If you hear the sound of crumpling resume it is because your social media profile was ill conceived.
Do not list "bible study" as a hobby. In fact, don't indicate any religious affiliation, it is nobody's business, and people will think they know something about you by your religion. They may not, but they will get that you know nothing about resumes.
And don't make me tell you this part. Facebook, Instagram and whatever other shit you use needs to be locked the hell down. I will find you like a spy with mad skills... and you can't be a dope when I turn over all the rocks.
If you have been a stay at home parent, you need to own the fact that it was a bit of a trade in to spend time with your kids, and that you will lose some of your pensionable work years. Own it and be ok with it but don't let it run you down.
Try to remember, you have skills with value. Just don't show up with cupcakes at the interview. However, feel free to bring them on your first day on the job.... awesome.
Follow Magnolia Ripkin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MagnoliaRipkin
More:

Jane Wurwand  On Beauty As An Agent Of Changereddit
Paradigm Shifters is a series of interviews with a select group of women from eclectic walks of life. It will highlight real life insight on how women have been able to turn weakness into strength. Each interview is the naked truth about breakdowns that inspired breakthroughs. These women have experienced internal changes, which make them quintessential Paradigm Shifters.
Everything I have ever done has been focused on this underlying theme of shifting the paradigm because "what we think determines what we feel, and what we feel determines what we do." Hence why Seven Bar Foundation and Empowered by You takes lingerie, which has traditionally been seen merely as a tool of seduction, and makes it a tool of empowerment.
I hope after reading these stories you will look at your own situations, struggles and accomplishments through a different lens and, at the very least, be better equipped to change your own paradigm. At the end of the day, we are our own alchemists turning the silver we were born with into the gold we are destined to become.
Jane Wurwand  - Co-Founder and Co-Owner of Dermalogica and The International Dermal Institute
Jane you're a successful entrepreneur, and as such, you're an inspiration to all women, but your lifetime achievement is women's empowerment. How did you get to that?
We spoke about this idea that your greatest pain is often when your purpose is revealed. I've always said that if you could identify the greatest pain in an industry, then you've just identified the greatest opportunity, as an entrepreneur. In the professional salon industry there was a lack of education and training. We started teaching skin therapists how to build and run their business, and that became the International Dermal Institute. Three years after that, we realized the big opportunity was a product that was exclusively in the hands of a professional skin therapist. And that became Dermalogica.
Going back further than that, I thought of my childhood, because my mother was widowed at the age of 38 and she was left with four children. My mother trained as a nurse and had to fall back on that training, even though she hadn't worked since she got married. She taught my sisters and myself: You have to learn how to physically do something, it's not just about an education, so that at a moment's notice, you can provide for your family and put food on the table. No matter what happens in your life, you must always be financially independent.
It makes a lot of sense now that you do FITE, because it's all about setting women up in business so that they can be self-reliant.
FITE stands for Financial Independence Through Entrepreneurship. At Dermalogica, we wanted to develop a social impact piece that closely reflected my story of financial independence. It also reflects the industry, which puts more women into their own business than any other industry in the world. We wanted to tell a story of entrepreneurship and financial independence and we wanted to amplify it, so that we could make that impact to women outside of our industry. In 2010 we made a commitment to help fund 25,000 women into their own business over a two-year period, in a partnership with Kiva. Their technology allowed people to go online and read the stories of the women and then FITE funded those loans, as directed by our end consumer. It was an opportunity to engage our entire supply chain.
How do you come to women's empowerment?
There's an opportunity right now to really change the perceived value of women. Empowering a woman economically is not only the opportunity to change a GDP, but how you're solving most social issues. Women invest 90% of their income back into their family, so it's the quickest way to fight generational poverty. Through FITE, we believe that we can tackle some really difficult issues, and we have expanded our initial KIVA partnership to include education and training, so that women can build successful businesses and sustain them.
You've really turned Dermalogica into a social brand.
Yes, in fact, I believe, from a branding and business leadership point of view, if you have a brand or company, you have to develop a social impact piece that directly relates to the way in which you built your success. It is no longer enough to just make profits and maybe do something philanthropic. It has to be embedded in your brand and that's what will ultimately engage your end consumer.
Looking back, what advice did you wish you had starting out?
"Don't shrink yourself. Don't limit yourself." Don't allow anyone (including yourself) to minimize what your potential is or what your contribution could be. I believe that every single one of us has a unique level of potential and there is a purpose for us being here. Nothing is a coincidence. Every person we meet, every circumstance we're put into, even a challenging one, is there for a reason, and we have to figure it out. Your path is ahead of you and it's there waiting.
When you're having a tough day, how do you turn a bad thing into a good thing?
It's about resilience. It's about if you're strong enough and tough enough to get up even when things aren't going well. There's no day that's completely perfect, but I think that we each learn our way of coping. I think you need to figure that out, because there will be days when things aren't going great. What are your tools, what's helpful to you? And be disciplined about going to that place to help yourself. It's no one else's responsibility to make you feel better. Be brave enough to be vulnerable. Because in our vulnerability is where we find our courage and our bravery.
I met Jane on a rainy day just days before she would receive the Cosmetic Executive Women (CEW) Beauty Award. Jane is warm, with a particular focus and great energy. It was amazing to hear how her paradigm shift, from a tragic event early in her life, became the fuel for an extraordinarily successful career and a passion to impact thousands of women to gain financial independence through entrepreneurship.
More:

Leadership in Real Life: Trade Form for Substancereddit
Sooner or later, they're going to catch you picking your nose.
Well, maybe not.  Maybe you'll be fishing your keys out of a storm drain, or talking to your dry cleaner, or sneezing through a hay fever attack.  But when you lead people in a meaningful way, you're around them regularly, and sooner or later they're bound to see you engaged in mundane everyday life.
Much has been written about the glam, gravitas, posture, and positioning of what we loosely refer to as leadership.  "Leaders" of this genre enter a room and command it, their stewardship measured in awed silence and respectful tones.  Trust and allegiance result naturally, says the mythology, as individual wills fall effortlessly to the leader's charm and presence.
Baloney.
If your definition of leadership goes beyond rapt attention while you're in the room, your leadership presence needs to go beyond glam, gravitas, posture, and positioning.  It needs to persist while you're in the room, after you've departed, and even despite mundane images of you fishing keys out of a storm drain or fumbling with your phone.  Your leadership presence must teach your followers that you're leading them somewhere useful, that you're good at doing so, and that you're flexible and ethical as challenges and changes arise.
Creating this kind of presence doesn't require you to wear a blazer over a turtle neck, to address hundreds with a one-word PowerPoint slide, or to tell paradoxical parables from Lotus position.  It does, however, require you to be consistent and predictable in support of your stated goals.
Here are four of the most important ways to do that:
First, regularly state your intentions:  summarize the results you intend for your team to produce, in about five measurable items that you can articulate in around ninety seconds.  Think of this as the elevator pitch for your output,* and repeat it regularly to everyone:  "We're going to win this piece of the market"; "we're going to deploy this product"; "we're going to turn around this division." Don't be afraid to repeat yourself.
Why?  If you jump between priorities, you'll seem mercurial and inconsistent.  But if you're clear and persistent about objectives, you'll create cohesiveness and clarity on your team, and people will bring information pertinent to your intentions.  And, when you do make a course change, people will detect it and realign quickly.
Second, run things predictably.  Establish a cadence in which meetings are held and issues decided.  For example, you might have a staff meeting every week to address escalated needs from the organization.  Make sure this meeting happens on schedule - when you're not available, assign a delegate with clear authority and boundaries.
Why?  If for some team members or during some time periods you allow back-door or irregular access to your decisions, your staff will do the same, and you'll create a culture that's problem-solving the best way to get approval.  But if you're regular in meeting and decision cadence, your organization will spend their problem-solving calories where they belong: getting real work done.
Third, own your role as decider.  Be clear that you want good data and full participation in decision making, but be equally clear that the buck stops with you at your level - and, with each member of your team at theirs.
Why?  If you say things like "we're a family" and "I'd like us all to agree," you lose credibility and respect, sounding infeasible, weak, and dishonest.  But if you let people know that, although you want to hear them, the weight of the decision rests with you, they'll appreciate your candor.  They'll also start paying attention to how well you make decisions, instead of how to exert their fair share of control over your process.
Last but not least, listen.  Listen for information coming up through formal and informal channels, for customer and market feedback, and for early signs of engagement or disengagement in your organization.  Listen for new information you haven't thought of, and listen most carefully to things that sound furthest from your expectations.
Why?  Positioning yourself as the big know-it-all sets you up for a big fall.  But if you keep learning, keep responding to what you learn, and keep saying "I don't know" when it's true, you'll gain trust and instill a culture of learning in your organization, too.
Leaders, please:  get consistent and transparent as quickly as you can.  Build a leadership presence that's functional, not superficial.  Become the kind of leader people want to be around, day in and day out, as they work together toward shared goals.  Become a leader in real life.
Of course, I'm not going to lie.  It's also better if you don't get caught picking your nose.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* In reality, the "elevator pitch" arose from the research on this behavior, not the converse
Follow Edward Muzio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/edmuzio
More:
Leadership Management Coaching Steve Jobs Motivation Emotional Intelligence Business Leadership Executive Coaching Executives
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

How to stay ahead of mobile revolutionChina’s internet titans focus on staying ahead of mobile revolution
Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7223c83c-4a4e-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tendulkar slams  ringmaster  ChappellTweet
0
Sachin Tendulkar has alleged that Greg Chappell, who was India's coach between 2005 and 2007, suggested that he take over the captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Standing up to the 'ring master'."Just months before the World Cup, Chappell had come to see me at home and, to my dismay, suggested that I should take over the captaincy from Rahul Dravid ," Tendulkar writes in his autobiography Playing It My Way, which will be released on November 6. "Anjali [Tendulkar's wife], who was sitting with me, was equally shocked to hear him say that 'together, we could control Indian cricket for years', and that he would help me in taking over the reins of the side.
"I was surprised to hear the coach not showing the slightest amount of respect for the captain, with cricket's biggest tournament just months away. He stayed for a couple of hours, trying to convince me, before finally leaving."
Tendulkar is scathing in his criticism of Chappell, describing him as a "ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not".
"I suggested to the BCCI that the best option would be to keep Greg back in India and not send him with the team to the World Cup. That is not what happened, of course, and the 2007 campaign ended in disaster."
India were eliminated in the group stage of that World Cup, after losing games to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. "I don't think I would be far off the mark if I said that most of us felt that Indian cricket was going nowhere under Chappell."
Tendulkar writes that several senior players were relieved to see Chappell go, "which was hardly surprising because, for reasons hard to comprehend, he had not treated them fairly".
He also terms Chappell's attitude towards Sourav Ganguly as "astonishing". "Chappell is on record as saying that he may have got the job because of Sourav but that did not mean he was going to do favours to Sourav for the rest of his life. Frankly, Sourav is one of the best cricketers India has produced and he did not need favours from Chappell to be part of the team".
Tendulkar also says that Chappell wanted to drop more senior players from the team. "Chappell seemed intent on dropping all the older players and in the process damaged the harmony of the side. On one occasion, he asked VVS Laxman to consider opening the batting. Laxman politely turned him down, saying he had tried opening in the first half of his career because he was confused, but now he was settled in the middle order and Greg should consider him as a middle-order batsman.
"Greg's response stunned us all. He told Laxman he should be careful, because making a comeback at 32 might not be easy. In fact, I later found out that Greg had spoken to the BCCI about the need to remove the senior players, no doubt hoping to refresh the team."
Tendulkar also writes that Chappell had a tendency to take the limelight when India played well, but not otherwise. "I also remember that every time India won, Greg could be seen leading the team to the hotel or into the team bus, but every time India lost he would thrust the players in front. In general John and Gary always preferred to stay in the background, but Greg liked to be prominent in the media."
Tendulkar revealed how disappointed the players were after the shock first round exit during the 2007 World Cup and how he was hurt when people questioned the commitment of the Indian players. "After we returned to India, the media followed me back home and it hurt when I heard my own people doubting the commitment of the players. The media had every right to criticise us for failing, but to say we were not focused on the job was not fair.
"We had failed to fulfill the expectations of the fans, but that did not mean we should be labeled traitors. At times the reaction was surprisingly hostile and some of the players were worried about their safety. Headlines like 'Endulkar' hurt deeply. After eighteen years in international cricket, it was tough to see things come to this and retirement crossed my mind. My family and friends like Sanjay Nayak did all they could to cheer me up and after a week I decided to do something about it. I started to do some running, to try to sweat the World Cup out of my head."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Army orders inquiry into youths killing in KashmirUpdated: November 4, 2014 11:46 IST
Army orders inquiry into youths killing in Kashmir
IANS
Tweet
The Hindu Security personnel stand guard on a road during a curfew imposed by authorities in Nowgam on Tuesday. Two civilians belonging to Nowgam district were killed and two other injured when Army opened fire on the vehicle they were travelling at Chatergam in Budgam district on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu Kashmiri women mourn during the funeral procession of Mehraj-u-Din Dar and Faisal Yousf Bhat, killed in an Army ambush, in Nowgam on Tuesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
The Army has ordered an inquiry into the killing of two youths by its soldiers in a firing incident in Jammu and Kashmir’s Badgam district, a statement said on Tuesday.
“Army regrets the loss of lives and has ordered an inquiry into the circumstance leading to the incident. Anyone found guilty will be severely dealt with,” a statement issued by the Army said.
Two youths identified as Faisal Yusuf Bhat and Mehrajuddin Dar were killed, while two others — Shaker Bhat and Zahid Naqash — were injured on Monday evening when soldiers of 53 Rashtriya Rifles opened fire on the Maruti car they were travelling in at Chattergam village in Badgam district, 20 km from Srinagar.
The youths belonged to the Nowgam area of Srinagar district.
The Army said the driver of the car did not stop at a mobile vehicle check post (MVCP) after he was signalled to do so.
“Based on specific intelligence reports about the movement of terrorists in a white Maruti 800 car on Nov. 3 along Nowgam-Pulwama road, three MVCPs were established along the road.
“At approximately 5 p.m. a white Maruti 800 car approached the first check point where a personnel tried to stop the car, but it did not stop. Again at the second check point, the vehicle did not stop,” the statement said.
“At the third check point, the vehicle tried to break through the check point, resulting into a firing incident in which four people were injured.”
The injured were rushed to the Army base hospital in Srinagar where two succumbed to injuries.
Amit Kumar, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Srinagar, said the youths had no militant links.
Abdul Ghani Bhat, inspector general of police (IGP) Kashmir zone, told IANS that a First Information Report (FIR) has been registered in the case. “We have lodged an FIR in the incident and investigation has been started,” the IGP said.
Meanwhile, sources in the State government said the Election Commission of India has been asked to either order an inquiry into the incident directly or allow the State government to do so, as the model code of conduct is in force in Jammu and Kashmir where Assembly elections are due this month.

Cadre at grassroots adores him  but he isnt his fatherPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:16 am
To most Congress watchers, G K Vasan’s breakaway move brings to mind a precedent they identify with his roots. In 1996, his father the late G K Moopanar too had split the Congress, taking into the Tamil Maanila Congress the cream of the parent party.
The question everyone is asking, therefore, is whether Vasan and his new party, yet to be named, can hurt the Congress as much as the TMC did. And many, including leaders who were with the TMC until it reunified with the Congress, say there is no comparison.  For one thing, the Congress had a lot more to lose then. Besides, as a Congress veteran formerly with the TMC put it, “Vasan is a decent person. But he is not his father.”
Another former TMC leader, who served as a union minister, said it was unwise of Vasan to have quit the party at this moment, when the parent party itself is struggling. “When we joined the TMC, it was in protest against Narasimha Rao’s decision to strike an alliance with AIADMK when Jayalalithaa was facing major corruption cases,” the leader said. “Forming the TMC was a decision agreed on wholeheartedly by cadres across the state. We had 20 MPs then (all went with the TMC) and the party’s vote share was 15 per cent. Now the Congress has only a 4.5 per cent vote share. A split will ruin both the Congress and Vasan.”
Though few would compare Vasan’s  stature with his father’s, many feel Vasan does enjoy a better cadre base than, say, new TNCC chief E V K S Elangovan or Congress veteran P Chidambaram, one of the erstwhile TMC’s key leaders. Several district committee leaders and functionaries are Vasan loyalists, while lower-level cadres find Vasan more accessible than Chidambaram.
“If even a junior party member from the districts goes all the way to Delhi to meet Vasan, he will welcome him personally, arrange his accommodation and make sure his return ticket is booked,” concedes a party leader from Chennai, who has kept a distance from both the Vasan and the Chidambaram camps. He says Chidambaram comes across as far less accessible.
Out of 50 district committee presidents, up to 20 are said to be Vasan loyalists, while 15 of the rest are loyal to the Chidambaram camp in the parent party. Though the Vasan camp had earlier claimed three of five MLAs with them, only two have confirmed they plan to join the new party.
But support at the grassroots may or may not work when the leader breaks away, depending on whether a worker’s loyalty is greater to the party or to the leader. Besides, despite the sea of supporters who surrounded him on Monday, a sign of the warmth they have for him, Vasan is not known as a good orator or a crowd-puller.
Vasan’s camp includes S R Balasubramaniam and Peter Alphonse, a leader with a strong following in Christian belts in southern Tamil Nadu. The role of Elangovan is uncertain, as he is not seen continued…

Kejriwal praises Delhiites as political deadlock endsArvind Kejriwal congratulates Delhi after parties’ no-govt-formation stand
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  November 4, 2014 10:02 am
Summary
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal “congratulated” the people of Delhi after the political deadlock over government formation…
Other Articles
Rape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal “congratulated” the people of Delhi after the political deadlock over government formation here appeared to come to an end with BJP declining to take a shot at forming the government in the national capital.
“Finally… Congratulations to the people of Delhi,” the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) convener said in a tweeted after, along with BJP and Congress, it apprised Lt Governor Najeeb Jung that they wanted fresh elections in Delhi.
On its official twitter account, AAP added, “The collective desire, will & vigilance of people has won over politics of immoral manipulations & unethical arrangements. Congratulations!.”
Delhi Assembly has been in suspended animation since February this year after the Kejriwal-led AAP government quit office.
Kejriwal, meanwhile, reiterated his allegations that every effort was made to “buy” AAP MLAs.
“In last 8 months, every effort was made to ‘buy’ our MLAs. They withstood all pressures n lived upto ppl’s expectations (sic). Salute to them,” Kejriwal further tweeted.
In a series of tweets earlier in the day, Kejriwal had also sought to know BJP’s stand on the issue of government formation.
“BJP has conveyed ‘informally’ to LG and media that they are not in a position to form government in Delhi. What is BJP’s ‘formal’ stand?” he had asked in a tweet.
Delhi tonight appeared headed for Assembly polls after BJP, AAP and Congress said they were not for the formation of a new government while calling for polls to allow a fresh mandate to be sought to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
Indications are that Jung, who met the leaders of the three political parties, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the Assembly any time.
TAGS: Arvind Kejriwal Arvind Kejriwal Delhi Government Delhi Government Formation
More from miscellaneous

View on govt formation clear since Dec 13: BJPRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
Delhi BJP has stressed that its stand on government formation has been clear since December last year that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital after it earlier today declined the Lt Governor’s offer to form a government here.
“BJP’s stand on government formation in Delhi has been very clear since December 8, 2013, that it will never engage in horse-trading to form the government,” said Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay.
After the results of the Assembly polls in December last year, the then Delhi BJP chief Harsh Vardhan had declined to form a government here saying they did not have the required numbers.
“In view of the lack of clear mandate by the people of Delhi, BJP would like to sit in the opposition,” Vardhan had said.
Delhi tonight appeared headed for Assembly polls after BJP, AAP and Congress said they were not for the formation of a new government while calling for polls to allow a fresh mandate to be sought to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
Indications are that Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, who met the leaders of the three political parties, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the Assembly any time.
While BJP declined the LG’s offer, AAP and Congress made it clear that they were in favour of immediate elections.
The LG held consultations in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on the fast track and giving him time till Nov. 11 to explore the possibility of government formation.
The court was hearing AAP’s petition seeking early dissolution of the Assembly, which has been in suspended animation since February after the fall of the AAP government.
Upadhyay and Jagdish Mukhi of BJP, Haroon Yusuf of Congress and AAP’s Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia met the LG today.
“All the parties expressed their inability to form the government. The LG would be sending his report to the President,” a Raj Niwas release said.
Along with ally Akali Dal’s lone MLA, BJP currently has 29 legislators and would require the support of five more MLAs to prove its majority in the 67-member Assembly.
BJP had emerged as the single-largest party after the December Assembly polls, winning 31 seats but falling four short of a simple majority.
After BJP declined to come to power, AAP had formed the government with the support of Congress. But the government led by Kejriwal resigned on Feb. 14, 2014, after the party’s pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President’s Rule was imposed in Delhi on Feb. 17.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Delhi BJP Delhi Government Formation DPCC
More from miscellaneous

Don t let Karnataka govt to change Belgaum name: Shiv Sena to BJP govtRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
Shiv Sena today urged Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to step up offensive against the Karnataka government’s decision to change Belgaum’s name to Belagavi, to protect the interests of the Marathi-speaking people.
“Devendra Fadnavis has sworn to protect the Marathi speaking people. It is now his duty to safeguard the interest of Marathi ‘manoos’ wherever they reside, in or outside the state. This is why he (Fadnavis) should stand up and protest the decision taken by the (Karnataka) government,” the Sena said in an edit in party mouthpiece Saamana.
Uddhav Thackeray had on Sunday said that the Karnataka government had hurt the sentiments of Marathi-speaking people by changing Belgaum’s name to Belagavi.
“Why were they (Karnataka government) in a hurry to change the name? They should have waited for a final decision by the Supreme Court on the disputed territory. We have been asking for a union territory status (for Belgaum) till the SC decides. It is our duty to appoint legal experts to represent the Marathi community’s side in the apex court,” Thackeray had told reporters in Kolhapur.
The Sena claimed that the Marathi-speaking people of the region hoped for justice from Prime Minister Narendra Modi after waging a 60-year-long struggle on the issue.
“The people of Belgaum have been struggling against the atrocities being committed by the Karnataka government from the last 60 years. They want the region to be a part of Maharashtra. People thought justice would be served to them by the Prime Minister but he instead extended his good wishes for the new name,” the editorial said.
Belgaum is a disputed region on the borders of Maharashtra and Karnataka. Both the states claim stake to the region.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP Shiv Sena Alliance Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous

8-mth political uncertainty in Delhi endsRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
Ending the eight-month-long political uncertainty, Lt Governor Najeeb Jung today recommended to the President dissolution of the Delhi Assembly as major players BJP, AAP and Congress have expressed “inability” to form government and preferred holding of polls.
The report by Jung paved the way for holding of fresh polls in the capital which is under President’s Rule since February after the AAP government quit after ruling for 49 days.
The Union Cabinet is likely to take a decision on Jung’s report soon.
Sources in the Lt Governor’s office said Jung in his report to President Pranab Mukherjee mentioned that all three main political parties BJP, AAP and Congress expressed inability to form government and conveyed that they were ready to face fresh election.
With all the three main parties favouring fresh mandate, the LG recommended to the President dissolution of the Assembly.
The LG held consultations yesterday with political parties in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on the fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government.
The court was hearing AAP’s petition seeking early dissolution of the Assembly which has been under suspended animation since February after the fall of the AAP government.
Sources said the LG had offered BJP a chance to form government but the party declined saying it does not have the numbers. They said the decision not to accept an offer by the Lt Governor to take a shot at power was taken at a meeting of top central leaders of the party on Sunday.
The party felt it should go for polls as enthusiasm among the party workers has increased following victories in assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The sources said Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in favour of polls and that the RSS had also conveyed its view that the party should not form government adopting any “unfair means”.
Currently BJP, along with ally Akali Dal’s lone MLA, has 29 legislators and would have required support of five more MLAs to form a government and prove majority in the 67-member Assembly.
BJP had emerged as the single largest party in the December Assembly polls winning 31 seats but fell four seats short of a simple majority.
It had refused to form government then, saying it will not resort to any “unfair means” to take over the reins.
AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party’s pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress. President’s Rule was imposed on February 17.
Jung had not favoured dissolution of the Assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the Assembly in suspended animation.
The Lt Governor had last month sent a report to the President seeking permission to invite BJP to form a government in Delhi.
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite BJP.
Delhi BJP stressed that its stand on government formation has been clear since December last year that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
“BJP’s stand on government formation in Delhi has been very clear since December 8, 2013, that it will never engage in horse-trading to form the government,” said Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay.
After the results of the Assembly polls in December last year, the then Delhi BJP chief Harsh Vardhan had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
Officials said if the Union Cabinet accepts Jung’s report and dissolves the Assembly, the EC will cancel bypolls to three Assembly constituencies.
The bypolls are scheduled for November 25 and the last date of filing of nomination is tomorrow.
More from miscellaneous

Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 mn...Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 million salary
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
Cairn India
(Cairn will pay Ashar a base…)
NEW DELHI: Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar , its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of $1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances.
Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of $1 million per annum plus $1.5 lakh in a special allowance/foreign service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one-time joining bonus of $1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full-time CEO since its long-standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group-controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised of Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company's annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders' nod for the appointment.
"He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro-Canada and Suncor Energy. Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on-ground execution," Cairn said in the notice.
He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited. He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango's resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. P K Mukherjee, the Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd's iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act.
"Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jay Shree Tea posts 34% jump in net profitHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jay Shree Tea posts 34% jump in net profit
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 4:  
Jay Shree Tea and Industries Ltd has reported a near 34 per cent jump in net profit to approximately Rs 39 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Net profit during the corresponding period last fiscal stood at Rs 29 crore.
During the quarter, the company reported a near 10 per cent growth in total income to Rs 214 crore (Rs 195 crore in the year-ago period).
Segment-wise results
According to a notification to the bourses, Jay Shree Tea (a BK Birla Group company) witnessed a growth in income from its major verticals like tea, chemicals and fertilisers and sugar.
However, among the various segments, only tea business saw a profit of Rs 60 crore during the period.
Losses in the chemicals and fertilisers segment were reduced to Rs 26 lakh (for September 2014) from Rs 4.25 crore in the year-ago period.
Sugar business too reported a loss of approximately Rs 9 crore.
Shares of Jay Shree Tea closed at Rs 95.75, up by 3.35 per cent, on the BSE on Monday.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

E-commerce  digital gifts : Flipkart gets  effective  alternate payment solutionsTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
Homegrown e-tailer Flipkart today announced a strategic partnership with Euronet India, secure electronic transaction processing and payment solutions provider, to distribute e-commerce major’s ‘digital gift codes’ across the country.
These digital gift codes act as payment instruments for making e-commerce purchases and an effective alternative to other conventional means of payment, Flipkart said in a statement.
The customer will not just be able to gift these codes, but also use them for self-consumption on flipkart.com, the company added.
Indian consumers across major banks will soon be able to use their online-banking portals and mobile applications to purchase digital codes which can be delivered instantly via their email accounts or through a text message in a secure fashion, using Euronet’s electronic transaction processing services, Flipkart said.
“Indian customers will now be able to avail this extremely user friendly instrument to purchase products and services offered on flipkart.com using a variety of unique bank channels that Euronet powers today.
“This initiative will not just help in bringing new customers on-board but can also potentially bring greater efficiency and scale in existing operations,” Sr. Director – Marketing, Flipkart,” Mausam Bhatt said.
TAGS: Euronet India Flipkart Flipkart Delivery
More from companies

E-commerce players on advertising blitzkriegTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
It’s been raining e-commerce ads this festive season with brands going full throttle on television. But what was supposed to be an invitation to consumers to look the e-tailing way as they shopped for the season, turned out to be an overkill. With no unique positioning adopted by any player, the advertising has failed to leave any imprint on the minds of consumers.
“Any e-commerce player advertising at this point in time on traditional media is not looking at building the brand, but is only concentrating on catching the consumers’ attention,” said Nabankur Gupta, founder and CEO, Nobby Brand Architects & Strategic Marketing Consultants.
Most of the television commercials are on the similar lines with minor variations. So while the ad from ShopClues, the online marketplace, talks about offering products at “wholesale prices”, the Snapdeal ad talks about ‘Diwali Bumper Sale’. The Amazon ad again promises a variety of offers during the on-going festive season. All this when companies are placing bigger sums on the table to woo the consumer.
This year the e-commerce sector is expected to spend close to R2000 crore on advertising, higher than the expected spend of R1500-1700 crore of the auto sector.
Snapdeal, the second largest e-commerce company in the country, launched as many as 40 television commercials featuring a range of celebrities such as actors Alok Nath and Mandira Bedi and cricket commentator Harsha Bhogle in the past few weeks.
“We have strategically chosen the most popular characters from the best loved TV shows across India to connect with our wide consumer base.  The idea was to talk about the Diwali Bumper sale, using characters that everyone can related with,” said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior VP marketing at Snapdeal.
Amazon too has worked on the same plank using celebrities. “After the launch of the mass media advertising campaign in May this year, we released our second campaign for the festive season. We are very delighted with the response we have received so far from our consumers,” said Manish Kalra, director integrated marketing, Amazon India.
With television advertising rates witnessing a jump of 15% during the festive season this year, e-commerce players have shelled out Rs 1.5-2 lakh for a 10-second spot on Hindi general entertainment channels such as Star Plus and Colors and Rs 1-1.2 lakh on channels such as Zee TV, Life OK and Sony. Moreover, separate deals have been signed with broadcasters for Rs 3-4 crore. The deals not only provide e-commerce players access to popular television artists, they also include ad spots on the channels during prime-time, that is, 8-11 pm.
Online classifieds site Quikr too is happy with its strategy. Pranay Chulet, founder and CEO of Quikr, says that being on prime-time has helped the classifieds website to reach out to its target consumers directly, especially during the festive season, when consumers tend to sell or give away old household items and buy new ones. “The audience is closely attached to television artists and when they promote a brand, it lends more credibility,” he added.
However, Nobby Brand Architects’s Gupta points out that ultimately it is the steep discounts offered by the e-commerce companies which is actually getting the eyeballs and pulling in the footfalls. “Deep discounts is the only factor which is working in their favour this festive season. So whether a brand has a popular face in its commercial or not does not really matter, it is eventually about how much discount is being offered. If one e-commerce site is offering a 70% discount, it will definitely get noticed,” he said.
TAGS: Amazon E Commerce E-commerce Advertising ShopClues Snapdeal
More from companies

Surprised  Greg Chappell denies Sachin Tendulkars claim in autobiographyMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Former India coach Greg Chappell today hit back at Sachin Tendulkar and rubbished the champion batsman’s claim that he had made a “shocking” suggestion to him to take over India’s captaincy from Rahul Dravid months before the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Sachin Tendulkar has written in his autobiography ‘Playing it My Way’, due for release on Thursday, that the Australian visited his house months before the 2007 World Cup and tried to convince him to take over the captaincy from Dravid.
But Greg Chappell said he was stunned by the claims.
“Whilst I don’t propose to get into a war of words, I can state quite clearly that during my time as Indian coach I never contemplated Sachin replacing Rahul Dravid as captain,” Chappell said in a statement.
“I was therefore very surprised to read the claims made in the book.
“During those years, I only ever visited Sachin’s home once, and that was with our physio and assistant coach during Sachin’s rehabilitation from injury, at least 12 months earlier than what was reported in the book,” he said.
Chappell said he enjoyed a pleasant afternoon at Tendulkar’s home and the captaincy issue never came up for discussion.
“We enjoyed a pleasant afternoon together but the subject of captaincy was never raised,” Chappell added.
In the book Tendulkar wrote that Chappell told him that together they could “control Indian cricket for years”.
“Together, we could control Indian cricket for years”, the Australian told Tendulkar during a visit to his home when he offered to “help me in taking over the reins of the side” from Dravid, the master batsman writes in his autobiography.
Tendulkar said he was shocked by the suggestion and the lack of respect shown to Dravid by Chappell.
In the book, Tendulkar is scathing in his criticism of Chappell who was the national coach from 2005 to 2007, describing him as a “ringmaster who imposed his ideas on the players without showing any signs of being concerned about whether they felt comfortable or not”.
 
TAGS: Greg Chappell Rahul Dravid Sachin Tendulkar Sachin Tendulkar Autobiography
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Saudi Arabia in denial over Isis ideologySaudi Arabia ‘in denial’ over Isis ideology
By Heba Saleh in Cairo and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae16214c-47c3-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Copy trading could flatter to deceiveFrom Icahn to ‘I can’ social trading takes off
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5032a046-63d9-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Money presses ahead with IPOVirgin Money presses ahead with initial public offering
Claer Barrett and Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95e17d86-63f9-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Balfour Beatty CFO to leave companyBalfour Beatty CFO Duncan Magrath to leave company
John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/408e9786-63f1-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ambush marketing gets new spin as social mediarisesWhen Apple launched its iPhone 6 models and there were reports of its phones getting bent in back pockets, rivals were quick to cash in on a snowballing situation.
New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:49 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:53 pm
Year 2014 could well be labeled as the year of the gatecrashers. In March this year, PepsiCo trumped arch rival Coca-Cola as the soft drink sponsor on the marquee star studded television property, the Oscars. But the Coca-Cola logo was still seen on three pizza boxes delivered to A-listers who were a part of the awards ceremony. It all began when talk show hostess Ellen DeGeneres joked about the growing hunger of attendees during the awards and ultimately brought out three pizzas from Los-Angeles based pizzeria Big Mama\’s & Papa\’s. To cut a long story short, the pizzeria happened to be a long standing customer of Coca-Cola. The same night, DeGeneres tweeted from her Apple iPhone, even while Samsung was the official sponsor. The Korean handset maker had reportedly paid television network ABC $18 million for five minutes of prime time ads, plus product placement during broadcast.
The word “ambush” means an attack. Most often, it comes from a concealed position and via a cloak and dagger strategy. While earlier ambush marketing was mostly associated with cola companies, bike and soap manufacturers, this year has seen some major duels between the e-commerce giants. Some brick-and-mortar retailers have also had to get into the ring, propelled by the aggressiveness of the e-commerce brands. When India\’s e-commerce posterboy Flipkart came out with the ambitious “Big Billion Day”on October 6 promising customers never-before deals, discounts and surprise gifts across more than 70 categories of products, its full page ads said, “Today, don’t look anywhere else. India’s greatest sale ever is here.” To which, rival Snapdeal was quick to respond, “For others, it’s a big day. For us, it is no different.” E-commerce giant Amazon adopted a smart marketing technique where, when users typed http://www.bigbillionday.com , they landed on the Amazon home page instead of Flipkart. Amit Agarwal, country head and vice president at Amazon India however said that they did not buy the referenced address.
In addition, Amazon.in hijacked Flipkart’s sales blitz for ‘Big Billion Day’ by launching ‘Mission to Mars’ shopping weekend during October 4-6. It also celebrated the Diwali Dhamaka Week during October 10-16  and Dhanteras Dhamaka during 21 October which again gave great offers and deals. “The response from customers on the first day of the Diwali Dhamaka Week went beyond our wildest expectations. Traffic on that day was 200% more than that on our previous biggest day, which was October 6,” said Agarwal.
Responding to Flipkart’s Big Billion Day, Future Group, which owns the Big Bazaar retail chain, ran a full-page ad which read, “No deal can win the trust of a billion people. You continued…

Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get USD 1.15 millionsalaryPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:45 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 4:57 pm
Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar, its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of USD 1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances.
Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of USD 1 million per annum plus USD 1.5 lakh in a special allowance/foreign service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one-time joining bonus of USD 1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full-time CEO since its long-standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group-controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial
Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised of Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company’s annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders’ nod for the appointment.
“He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro-Canada and Suncor Energy. Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on-ground execution,” Cairn said in the notice.
He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited. He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango’s resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. P K Mukherjee, the Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd’s iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act.
“Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act,” it added.
 

A sweeping statementUpdated: November 3, 2014 18:30 IST
A sweeping statement
clothes and dressing
An Indian kurta or a western gown, the Anarkali today assumes twin roles, creating a new style wave
As beautiful as the ravishing courtesan Anarkali, whose love affair with Prince Salim is the most colourful chapter of Mughal history, the voluminous garment’s affair with fashion seems to be enduring too. It quite justifies the name Anarkali meaning ‘pomegranate blossom’ with designers’ imagination taking varied forms in its wavy, floor-length structure.
Though short kurtis, tunics and A-line kurtas have been trying to upstage it, like the gritty historical character, every time it defies challenges to reinvent itself.
In the recent seasons it has been sweeping the style world as an Indian-kurta-meets-western-gown ensemble.
Says young designer Shruti Bhandari who has been researching into this outfit’s layered past and how it has been a staple in the country’s dressing portfolio. “I have spent long hours in the museums of Udaipur to capture its royal splendour — the intricate work and fabrics used. These visits inspired me to recreate the danka work in some of my designs. Though this was originally done in gold and silver, I have used lighter threads,” she says.
From the knee, to calf and now, the floor, with anarkali’s increasing length it's getting harder to cut its appeal short. “In its newest version it has taken on a ball-gown look and made itself relevant to all occasions and seasons. And not just the length, the embellishments vary according to the look required. Anarkali is also now an integral part of new-age bridal trousseaus as it offers an amazing East-West blend.”
One reason why designers feel it remains relevant to changing times is its ability to suit all body types, especially Indian. According to Shruti, “much depends on the cut. For plus-size, we cut down on the number of kalis for a better fit.”
Shouger Merchant Doshi of the label Zanaaya says it’s exciting to experiment on this versatile attire from the past. “I have personally enjoyed giving it a modern spin with diverse cuts, embroidery, patterns and textures. Today’s woman wants to look modern even in a classic outfit. And it has not been difficult to achieve this with anarkalis, which is why it is now so much a part of Indian weddings. Despite its traditional moorings, the anarkalis have evolved to suit style preferences of the changing times and are customisable to cater to all tastes too.”
It now comes with or without chudidhar or dupatta or is also sometimes teamed with a lehenga for a different look, adds Shouger.
The anarkali has truly bloomed.

UK spy chief says Web is command center for terror... 
DANICA KIRKA | November 4, 2014 06:27 AM EST | Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — The new head of Britain's electronic eavesdropping agency says U.S.-based social media have become "command-and-control networks" for terrorists and criminals, and tech companies are in denial about their misuse.
Writing in Tuesday's Financial Times, GCHQ chief Robert Hannigan said British intelligence agencies know that IS extremists use messaging services like Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach their peers with ease. He said spy agencies need to have greater support from the U.S. technology companies which dominate the Web in order to fight militants and those who host material about violent extremism and child exploitation.
"However much (tech companies) may dislike it, they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us," he wrote.
"To those of us who have to tackle the depressing end of human behavior on the Internet, it can seem that some technology companies are in denial about its misuse," Hannigan wrote.
He said the challenge of new technology required "better arrangements for facilitating lawful investigation by security and law enforcement agencies than we have now."
While terrorist propaganda is not new on the Internet, authorities say the rise of the IS group and the proliferation of al-Qaida offshoots has multiplied its message, reaching an even broader audience through its sophistication and familiarity with the media.
Twitter declined to comment on the story. Facebook — which owns WhatsApp — had no immediate comment.
Eve Galperin of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an online privacy group that is partly funded by tech companies, said "there are already plenty of mechanisms in place at these companies to police the kinds of speech that we have decided are illegal."
Referring to the large-scale snooping programs revealed by NSA leaker Edward Snowden, she told BBC radio that intelligence agencies' "powers are already immense. I think that asking for more is really quite disingenuous."
___
Associated Press writer Jill Lawless contributed to this report.

Headwaters beats Street 4Q forecasts... 
November 4, 2014 06:24 AM EST | Associated Press
SOUTH JORDAN, Utah (AP) _ Headwaters Inc. (HW) on Tuesday reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings of $16.5 million.
The South Jordan, Utah-based company said it had profit of 22 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for amortization costs and pretax expenses, were 37 cents per share.
The results surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 25 cents per share.
The building products company posted revenue of $245.9 million in the period, also beating Street forecasts. Analysts expected $243.1 million, according to Zacks.
Headwaters shares have risen 31 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has climbed 50 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. HW stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Headwaters,Earnings Report

Western Refining beats 3Q profit forecasts... 
November 4, 2014 06:21 AM EST | Associated Press
EL PASO, Texas (AP) _ Western Refining Inc. (WNR) on Tuesday reported third-quarter net income of $186.7 million.
On a per-share basis, the El Paso, Texas-based company said it had net income of $1.84. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, came to $1.73 per share.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.43 per share.
The refining and marketing company posted revenue of $4.05 billion in the period.
Western Refining shares have increased roughly 7 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has increased 40 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. WNR stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Western Refining,Earnings Report

IIM-C  Tata Group to popularise social entrepreneurshipIIM-C, Tata Group to popularise social entrepreneurship
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov. 4:  
Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta, in association with Tata Group, has planned to popularise social entrepreneurship model among the companies for utilisation in their CSR initiatives.
IIM-C and Tata Group have jointly been holding a yearly competition for social entrepreneurs since 2012. Professor Ashok Banerjee, Dean (New Initiatives and External relations) of IIM-C, told Business Line that the joint efforts now were being directed also to increasing awareness regarding social entrepreneurship. A campaign to encourage students and youth to spawn social enterprises has also been launched.
“We have expanded the scope and reach of Tata Social Entrepreneurship Challenge (TSEC) to include three more elements – conducting seminars, round tables and a revamped TSEC website to create a repository of all information on social entrepreneurship in India. In future, all the activities of TSEC will be held under the umbrella of IIM Calcutta Innovation Park - the newly formed incubator at IIM-C,” Banerjee said.
“We have launched a nation-wide awareness campaign -- ‘Thinking Social’ targeting today’s youth. These awareness building seminars are aimed towards students and budding social entrepreneurs. Four seminars will be held in a year- one in each region in a tier II city. The first such Seminar took place on 1 November at IIT Guwahati.
The round table series to establish linkage between CSR and social enterprises are to be organised in metros. It would kick off in the Capital shortly.
IIM-C also planned to provide its professional expertise in CSR delivery, reporting and monitoring for the companies.
“A corporate entity needs specialised expertise to run sustainable CSR activities. The mandatory provisions for profit-making entities would require establishing credible reporting system for a verifiable programme delivery,” he explained.
IIM-C, which has incubation centre for social entrepreneurs, would take responsibility of monitoring, review and certification for the social entrepreneurs, who would work for the companies on CSR assignments.
Meanwhile, TSEC has invited detailed business plan for its 2014-15 edition from early-stage (not older than three years) social enterprises or people with actionable ideas in the areas of agriculture, food, dairy, healthcare, water, sanitation, technology development, education, housing, handicraft, energy, micro finance and financial inclusion.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Sugar consumption may touch 29.3 mt over next five years: AssochamSugar consumption may touch 29.3 mt over next five years: Assocham
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov. 4:  
Growing at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of about two per cent, consumption of sugar in India is likely to reach 29.35 million tonnes (mt) by 2019-20 from the current level of about 26 mt, according to a study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham).
“With a share of over 15 per cent in global sugar consumption, India has emerged as the biggest consumer of sugar in the world,” stated the study titled ‘Indian Sugar Industry: The way forward’.
“Growing urbanization, rising standard of living and changing food habits are certain key factors contributing to a rising trend in sugar usage, besides, industrial consumption of sugar is growing rapidly particularly in food processing sector,” said D.S. Rawat, Secretary General, Assocham, while releasing the findings of the chamber’s study.
“In order to meet the projected sugar demand India will need to undertake either farm side capacity expansion, improve mill efficiency or do both,” noted the study that was prepared by the industry body's Economic Research Bureau (AERB). Farm capacities can be augmented by increasing the area under cane as well as enabling farm productivity improvements through increased yields along with increased sucrose content of cane, it added.
Stabilization of production and productivity of sugarcane is important in view of the rising internal consumption of sugar and its need for ensuring adequate exports, it further noted.
India has been enjoying a production surplus in terms of sugar a surplus of 1.05 mt recorded for the 2013-14 season. Area under sugarcane has increased from 4.41 million hectares to about 5.06 million hectares between 2001-02 and 2012-13, while sugarcane production rose from 297.2 mt to 336.15 mt during this period.
Sugarcane yields declined slight, however, from 67.37 metric tonnes per hectare (ha) to 66.47 per ha. The sugar recovery level dropped from 10.27 per cent to 9.99 per cent during the aforesaid period.
“Sugar production in India could have been even higher had the sugarcane yield and recovery levels also improved like other two parameters of sugarcane production and area under sugarcane,” the study further noted.
It recommended that the Government should encourage captive farming to raise the recovery levels as sugar mills will take more interest in cane development, newer varieties, tissue culture, sophisticated farming/crop treatment techniques/planned harvesting and thereby resulting in higher yield and better recovery. Considering that small land-holdings is a structural feature of India’s sugar industry, it limits the extent of mechanization and reduces ability of the farmer to invest in farm productivity.
The study also suggested that there is a need for developing high yielding, disease resistant, pest tolerant, good rationing and input responsive sugarcane varieties considering the significant limitations in bringing additional area under sugarcane owing to decreasing availability of arable land across India. Besides, encouraging mechanization of cane agriculture from planting and inter-culture to harvesting and loading is a must. There is also a need to minimise post-harvest losses in cane as the cut to crush period is too long resulting in considerable sucrose losses in cane, the study added.
Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Maharashtra are the top states in terms of both area under sugarcane and sugarcane production while Bihar has recorded highest CAGR in both area under sugarcane and sugarcane production. In terms of yield, Tamil Nadu is on top followed by Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Maharashtra topped in terms of recovery. Maharashtra, UP and Karnataka are top three states in terms of sugar production in India.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Banking  securities cos IT spend may grow to Rs 47K cr this year: GartnerBanking, securities cos’ IT spend may grow to Rs 47K cr this year: Gartner
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
IT spending by banking and financial securities firms is expected to grow by over 10 per cent to Rs 469 billion or around Rs 47,000 crore this year, research firm Gartner said today.
“Indian banking and securities companies will spend 469 billion rupees on IT products and services in 2014, an increase of more than 10 per cent over 2013 revenue of 427 billion rupees,” Gartner said in a statement.
This forecast includes spending by financial institutions on internal IT (largely personnel), hardware, software, external IT services and telecom, it added.
“New bank licences will be soon granted by RBI. This will trigger a new wave of IT spending across the country as RBI’s goal is to reach a higher local penetration for banking services and this means more branches,” Gartner Research Director Vittorio D’Orazio said.
Front-office technologies like branch-related hardware and software will be the sweet spot as well as new channels such as mobile and ATMs/kiosks, he added.
IT services is the largest overall spending category at almost Rs 15,500 crore in 2014 (33 per cent of the entire enterprise IT market), which confirms the interest of the banking industry for IT services, Gartner said.
However, software is forecast to achieve the highest growth rate among the top level IT spending categories at about 16.7 per cent this year, which will slow down in the following years compared to the IT services market, it added.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

CBI makes new arrests in Odisha chit fund scamCBI makes new arrests in Odisha chit fund scam
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 4:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday made three high profile arrests in connection with the alleged diversion of funds in the NabaDiganta group case in the multi-crore Odisha chit fund scam.
According to a CBI spokesperson, a Biju Janata Dal (BJD) MP Ram Chandra Hansdah has been amongst those arrested. The other people arrested by the Central agency include former BJP MLA Hitesh Kumar Bagartti and ex-BJD MLA Subarna Naik.
“The accused have been charged with allegations of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds,” the spokesperson said.
A few days back, the central agency had arrested BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy for his alleged involvement in the Artha Tatwa Group case in Odisha.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Telling real storiesUpdated: November 4, 2014 17:24 IST
Telling real stories
Special arrangement Mohd. Ali Baig
TOPICS
documentary films
Theatre personality Mohd. Ali Baig shares his experience of making the documentary ‘Changing Lives’
When given an opportunity to play on a different wicket, ad filmmaker-cum- theatre personality Mohd. Ali Baig was game for it. Away from the arc lights of making glamorous commercials and opulent theatre productions, he got a chance to tell stories that matter with ‘Changing Lives’ - a documentary on life around river Musi and the hundreds who inhabit the banks of the river and their struggles. “It was a moving experience, an eye opener to know about the lives of these people, this section of the society we don’t pay attention to. They are the working class but we are ignorant of their lives and their problems,” he states.
The six days shoot took place in Hyderabad and also in Visakhapatnam. “We went right after Cyclone Hudhud and have shots of the massive devastation that has taken place in the slums. The intensity of the tragedy is so much that people were left with only the framework of thatched roofs. Women used their saris to cover them,” he says. Hyderabad-based NGO Montfort Social Institute (MSI) as part of its work has made a difference in the lives of residents in and around the river near Musanagar area. The NGO approached Baig to showcase their lives and tell their story. Written by Noor Baig, Changing Lives has ace cinematographer Suryaprakash handle the camerawork. Baig says he was inspired by Brother Verghese of MSI, who lived in the slums and his vision “When Brother Verghese (MSI) approached me for the documentary, I wanted to understand the subject. After making ad and corporate films, I was particular that I should not make it glamorous. It is a very serious issue and wanted to extend honesty to the subject,” he says.
Shot around the slums, the documentary depicts the rehabilitation work. “The idea was to involve people and get their view point. The documentary raises awareness on the slum dwellers’ right to dignity,” he states. The scenes have people narrate their experiences and express their feelings. “They are the unsung heroes, the backbone of our society. These people spoke from the heart and there is an audio narrative accompanying it. It was a learning experience as we met some senior women in the slums who have taken the role of community leaders to protect community living,” informs Baig.
Back from the month-long tour of Canada and USA, Mohd. Ali Baig is back on familiar ground, getting ready for the annual Qadir Ali Baig Theatre Festival that is set to begin on November 7.

Eva Longoria s tech savvy outlookeva longoria s tech savvy outlook
Pirate Bay co-founder arrested at Thai-Lao border...and
versions
BANGKOK (AP) — One of the founders of popular file-sharing website The Pirate Bay has been arrested under an Interpol warrant as he was crossing into Thailand from Laos, police said Tuesday.
Hans Fredrik Lennart Neij, who uses the alias TiAMO, was detained Monday by Thai immigration police at a checkpoint in Thailand's Nong Khai province, about 500 kilometers (310 miles) northeast of Bangkok.
Neij, along with other Pirate Bay co-founders, was convicted of aiding copyright infringement by a court in Sweden in 2009. He fled the country after being released on bail.
Regional Immigration Police Commissioner Maj. Gen. Chartchai Eimsaeng said a U.S.-based movie association had hired a Thai lawyer to search for Neij, and his photo had been given to immigration police in Nong Khai.
The U.S. movie and music industries have for years pursued strong legal action against sites such as The Pirate Bay, which they say aid the illegal distribution of copyrighted material, depriving its makers of profits due them.
"It might have been a coincidence, but he was wearing the same gray T-shirt that was in the photo. The immigration police officer who spotted him in the car recognized him, so he pulled his car over," Chartchai told The Associated Press by phone.
Chartchai said the 36-year-old Swede had lived in Laos since 2012 and traveled nearly 30 times to Thailand, where he has a house on the resort island of Phuket and 5 million baht ($153,000) in a savings account. Neij's wife was in the car with him. He was being sent to Bangkok later Tuesday and was expected to be returned to Sweden, the police officer said.
Jonas Nilsson, Neij's lawyer in Sweden, said his client had called him Monday and told him Thai authorities had said "he would be transported to Sweden." However, Nilsson said no decision had been made about a possible extradition.
Neij is the second Pirate Bay founder to be arrested in Southeast Asia after a Swedish court in 2009 gave him and three Pirate Bay associates one-year sentences for copyright violation. They also were ordered to pay 46 million kronor ($6.5 million) in damages to the entertainment industry. Their appeals were denied by Sweden's high court.
Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, who used the alias "Anakata" on the Internet, was arrested in Cambodia in 2012 and sent back to Sweden after an international arrest warrant was issued against him.
Svartholm Warg served his sentence for copyright infringement before he was extradited to neighboring Denmark, where he faced prosecution for hacking. On Friday, a Danish court sentenced him to 3½ years in prison after he was found guilty of hacking into a private company handling sensitive information for Danish authorities.
___
Associated Press writer Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen contributed to this story.

MarineMax beats 4Q profit forecasts...November 4, 2014 06:51 AM EST | Associated Press
CLEARWATER, Fla. (AP) _ MarineMax Inc. (HZO) on Tuesday reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit of $5.1 million.
The Clearwater, Florida-based company said it had profit of 21 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, were 15 cents per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 13 cents per share.
The recreational boat dealer posted revenue of $164.1 million in the period, which fell short of Street forecasts. Analysts expected $166.2 million, according to Zacks.
MarineMax shares have increased 17 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has risen 30 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. HZO stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:MarineMax,Earnings Report

Foot Locker CEO to retire and be replaced by COO... 
November 4, 2014 06:51 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Foot Locker Chief Operating Officer Richard Johnson will take over as CEO next month.
The athletic shoe and apparel company announced the retirement Tuesday of Ken Hicks, the former J.C. Penney Co. executive who was named to the top job at Foot Locker five years ago.
Johnson, 56, has worked at the athletic shoe and apparel retailer since 1997, and was named COO in 2012.
Hicks will remain with the company through the first fiscal quarter of next year to help in the transition.
The New York company operates 3,460 stores around the world under Foot Locker, Footaction, Lady Foot Locker and Champs Sports brands.
Shares of Foot Locker Inc. are up about 36 percent since the beginning of the year.

Oil prices at 4-year lows on Saudi discount report...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Oil prices slumped to multi-year lows on Tuesday after Saudi Arabia cut the price of oil sold to the U.S., a move that is shaking an already volatile market but will likely give the world economy an unexpected stimulus.
The 25 percent or so slide in oil prices since the summer could boost consumer spending and business investment in many economies around the world as fuel bills fall.
But not everyone's a winner. Oil producing countries like Russia and Venezuela, which have high extraction costs and whose budgets rely on assumptions of relatively high energy prices, stand to lose out. And lower prices could eventually slow down booming production in the U.S., offsetting the benefit of lower energy costs for consumers and businesses.
U.S. oil dropped another 2 percent Tuesday to $77.19, at one point falling to $75.84, the lowest level since October 2011. It was trading at $100 a barrel as recently as July. Brent, the international benchmark, declined 2.3 percent, to $82.82, having earlier fallen to $82.08, its lowest level in just over four years.
Adam Slater, senior economist at Oxford Economics, reckons the recent fall in oil prices, if sustained, could add around 0.4 percent to GDP in the U.S. in two years, and a little less in Europe. China, which is the second-largest oil consumer and on track to become the largest net importer of oil, could see GDP 0.8 percent higher than it otherwise would have been.
"This is similar to a surprise stimulus," said Slater.
Though a drop in demand is a factor in the current slump amid concerns over global growth, Slater says supply-side factors are having a much bigger impact than back in 2008, when demand plummeted as the global economy tanked. The rise of fracking in the U.S., the return of oil output from Iraq and Libya and Saudi Arabia's willingness to resist production cuts have combined to weigh on prices.
On Monday, Saudi Arabia, OPEC's largest oil producer, cut prices for customers in the U.S. The move has been interpreted as an attempt by the country to maintain its market share in the world's largest economy against supplies from the likes of Canada, Mexico and Venezuela and U.S. shale oil producers.
Phil Flynn, senior market analyst for the Price Futures Group, said Saudi Arabia's move was directly aimed at those U.S. producers, who have boosted U.S. oil output to the highest level in decades. As a result, U.S. imports of crude oil from Saudi Arabia dropped to 894,000 barrels a day in August, down from 1.3 million barrels a day in the same month a year ago.
Saudi Arabia is "threatened by U.S. oil production and they are acting to try to break the U.S. producers back," Flynn wrote in a daily newsletter to clients.
The drop in oil reverberated in the U.S. stock market. The Dow Jones transportation average rose to a new high of 8,870.90 in morning trading. Airline stocks such as American Airlines and United Continental gained close to 2 percent. Meanwhile, major oil companies such as Exxon Mobil and Chevron fell about 1 percent, while Continental Resources, which primarily operates in the U.S., fell 7 percent.
Russia and Venezuela are two countries that are considered particularly vulnerable to a sustained fall in prices as their economies are highly dependent on oil. And because their costs of production are high and baseline budget plans are considered optimistic, analysts say they stand to lose more than, say, the Gulf states.
Lower tax revenue from the fall in prices could derail public finances, potentially prompting government spending cuts or tax increases that can hurt growth.
OPEC members are due to meet on Nov. 27 in Vienna, Austria, but investors doubt the cartel will be able to agree to any reduction in production quotas given Saudi Arabia's actions. That is another reason why oil prices have remained under pressure and why many analysts think this oil price retreat may be longer-lasting than a previous bout of weakness seen in 2012.
"This time, the fall should stick a little bit more," said Slater.

Triple-S Management posts 3Q profit... 
November 4, 2014 06:42 AM EST | Associated Press
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) _ Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) on Tuesday reported earnings of $4.7 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the San Juan, Puerto Rico-based company said it had profit of 17 cents. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs, were 31 cents per share.
The insurance services provider posted revenue of $563.8 million in the period.
Triple-S Management shares have increased 15 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has risen 26 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. GTS stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Triple-S Management,Earnings Report

Regeneron misses 3Q profit forecasts... 
November 4, 2014 06:42 AM EST | Associated Press
TARRYTOWN, N.Y. (AP) _ Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN) on Tuesday reported net income of $79.7 million in its third quarter.
The Tarrytown, New York-based company said it had profit of 70 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for pretax expenses and stock option expense, were $2.52 per share.
The results did not meet Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $2.58 per share.
The biopharmaceutical company posted revenue of $725.8 million in the period, topping Street forecasts. Analysts expected $719.9 million, according to Zacks.
Regeneron shares have increased 44 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has increased 9 percent. The stock has increased 38 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. REGN stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Regeneron,Earnings Report

United Fire posts 3Q profit... 
November 4, 2014 06:39 AM EST | Associated Press
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (AP) _ United Fire Group Inc. (UFCS) on Tuesday reported net income of $325,000 in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based company said it had profit of 1 cent. Losses, adjusted for investment gains, came to 1 cent per share.
The property and casualty insurance company posted revenue of $235 million in the period.
United Fire shares have increased 12 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has risen 2.5 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. UFCS stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:United Fire,Earnings Report

Achillion beats 3Q profit forecasts... 
November 4, 2014 06:36 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) _ Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN) on Tuesday reported a loss of $15.7 million in its third quarter.
The New Haven, Connecticut-based company said it had a loss of 16 cents per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for a loss of 18 cents per share.
Achillion shares have more than tripled since the beginning of the year. The stock has more than quadrupled in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. ACHN stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Achillion,Earnings Report

Ahead of the Bell: US factory orders... 
November 4, 2014 06:30 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Commerce Department reports on U.S. factory orders for September. The report will be released Tuesday at 10 a.m. Eastern.
ORDERS SLIP: Economists project that factory orders slid 0.5 percent in September, according to a survey by the data firm FactSet.
That would follow a 10.1 percent drop in August, when factory orders plunged due a stunning 74.3 percent drop in demand for commercial aircraft. Excluding the volatile transportation category, however, August factory orders nudged down just 0.1 percent.
MANUFACTURING GROWTH: Despite the projected decrease in orders, other manufacturing indicators point toward strengthening factories.
The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, reported Monday that its manufacturing index climbed to 59 in October from 56.6 in September. Any reading above 50 signals expansion. The gains match a three-year high previously reached in August and marks a solid rebound from a September decline.
The survey behind the index showed that orders, productivity and hiring each improved at a faster clip in October than the prior month.
Separately, the Federal Reserve reported last month that U.S. manufacturing output rose in September. Factory production rose 0.5 percent in September after falling 0.5 percent in August.
Furniture-making increased 2.4 percent in September, while aerospace products climbed 1.7 percent. Production of clothing, chemicals and computers also improved.
Factories have added 161,000 jobs over the past 12 months. The job gains have helped a solid streak of hiring that has pushed the unemployment rate down to 5.9 percent from 7.2 percent a year ago.
Stronger domestic demand for manufactured goods has offset what appears to be less demand from China and Europe, where an economic slowdown has caused the dollar to rise and make American-made products more expensive for foreign buyers.

Fed up of inconsistent electricity  IT companies develop private solar plantsFed up of inconsistent electricity  IT companies develop private solar plants
Oil hits four-yr low after Saudi Arabia cuts US pricesOil hits four-yr low after Saudi Arabia cuts US prices
Gold edges up from 4-year low as dollar rally pausesGold edges up from 4-year low as dollar rally pauses
Increased generation  realisation improve sales of power companiesIncreased generation  realisation improve sales of power companies
Restructured banking assets to shoot-up by Rs.1 000 bn: India RatingsRestructured banking assets to shoot-up by Rs.1 000 bn: India Ratings
Pantaloons Fashion Retail: Outcome of board meetingPantaloons Fashion Retail: Outcome of board meeting
CompHealth Ranks #11 on Modern Healthcare s 2014 "Best Places to Work in Healthcare" ListCompHealth Ranks #11 on Modern Healthcare s 2014 "Best Places to Work in Healthcare" List
Indian envoy to Lanka meets jailed fishermen  assures them of Govt. supportIndian envoy to Lanka meets jailed fishermen  assures them of Govt. support
No Skype calls within India from November 10No Skype calls within India from November 10
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 13:07 IST
Intelligence Bureau (IB) has asked Department of Telecom (DoT) to block the We Phone application as it facilitates spoofing of caller id and is difficult to identify to locate or identify actual caller.
Over-the-top (OTT) telecom player Skype will stop the calling facility from its application on mobile and landline phones within India from November 10. "As of November 10, 2014, Skype will end support for calling within India meaning calls to mobiles and landlines from Skype within India will no longer be available," Skype's parent company Microsoft said in a statement on Monday.
Using a feature of Skype, a user can make video or voice calls using Internet service for which he/she will only be charged for Internet consumed for the service. Microsoft said, "Users in India can still make free Skype-to-Skype calls worldwide, international calls to mobiles and landlines and users outside the country can call mobiles and landlines in India." It added that Skype WiFi and SMSs are also available to users in India.
The development comes after the Union home ministry wrote to Department of telecommunications (DoT) to block voice over Internet protocol offered by OTT companies because it conceals details of the caller, including his or her mobile number, which poses a security risk.
SECURITY RISK
Security agencies have raised alarm over the 'parallel telecom network' being offered by OTTs. Besides, location of OTT servers outside India poses further risk. DoT earlier had held talks with OTT companies after Telecom Regulatory Authority of India in August decided not to impose extra fees on these popular services as demanded by telecom companies. A top DoT official said any OTT operator can offer free messaging or even calls across any telecom network in India. This also makes it vulnerable and could pose a security risk. Skype's announcement comes within a week of Microsoft's mobile phone arm launching Lumia 730 smartphone in India which positions itself as phone fit for Skype calls and videos.
'BLOCK WE PHONE APP'
Intelligence Bureau (IB) has asked Department of Telecom (DoT) to block the We Phone application as it facilitates spoofing of caller id and is difficult to identify to locate or identify actual caller.
- IB had written to DoT around a month back to block We phone application, which is freely available on Android Play Store and Apple's application store as it allows user to spoof call, an official source said;
- We Phone, which offers call service similar to Skype, allows user to make free calls using mobile Internet service to other subscriber having same application;
- The application, after verifying the user's phone number at the time of installation, gives an option to disable the number to hide it
- IB has told DoT that in free version of this application, caller id on receiver screen starts with +1777 whereas in paid version, any number can be set to display as caller id;
- IB has written that the server of We Phone is located outside India and any call made from We Phone is routed through the server located abroad and therefore it is difficult to identify and locate the actual calling number or user.

Top 5 smartphones under Rs 20 000E-mail
With a series of smartphones being launched every other day, it's obvious for you to be left spoilt for choice. Hence, to narrow down your options here's a list of 5 best smartphones under Rs 20,000 that will serve all your purpose, be it work or fun.

Top tech gifts for your loved ones this festive seasonStory
Smart Gifts For Festive Season
We bring you some of the finest gifts you can purchase this festive season for yourself and also for your loved ones.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: October 2014
With plenty of gadgets in the market, it is a big task to think what's new and innovative or a value-for-money product worth gifting.
The festive season is a good time to buy gifts for your loved ones and even for yourself. With plenty of gadgets in the market, it is a big task to think what's new and innovative or a value-for-money product worth gifting. While we have shortlisted some products for you, we also bring you some of the best festive schemes for you.
Under Rs 2,000
Mini Alarm Clock
This is a utility gift for someone who travels a lot. When travelling, the personal possessions one carries are often at risk of being stolen. The Lock Alarm Mini safeguards these possessions. The Lock Alarm Mini weighs just 100g and has a retractable high-tensile steel cable that can extend up to 60cm in length. Simply pull out as much of the steel cable as required, lock the cable around the bags and an immovable object such as a post or railing. Using the computer slot adapter, the Lock Alarm Mini can also be used to secure a laptop, notebook or netbook computer from theft.
Price: Rs 1,299
Object locator
Know someone who often complains about forgetting where they placed the objects? Get them this little gadget that will help them in finding missing objects. The kit comes with three receivers. All that the user will have to do is attach a receiver to the object such as, for instance, a remote or keys or wallet. With a simple press of a button on the control unit, it will be easy to locate the object.
Price: Rs 1,250
Automatic Wine Preserve Pump
Wine lovers often face the challenge of either finishing the whole bottle of wine or end up losing its flavour when exposed to the air. If you know a wine lover, you can present them the Automatic Wine Vacuum Pump that will pump the air out of the wine bottle and seal the flavour inside.
Price: Rs 1,999
Gadget cleaning kit
We all use gadgets and often end up cleaning the display with wet cloth, without realising it isn't the best way to clean the gadget. A gadget cleaning kit comes handy for cleaning and increasing the life of your gadget. But you don't realise the importance of this one until you have it. Whosoever you gift this one to, will thank you for the kit. The Lapcare 3-in-1 Screen Cleaning Kit with Blower can be used to clean most gadgets including phones, laptops and tablets.
Price: Rs 599
Teewee
It is a simple way of streaming HD videos from the phone or the laptop to your TV. Plugging in the Teewe to the TV and installing an app does the job. The app lets you access all the downloaded content over the local WiFi network. Content on YouTube can also be accessed on the TV.
Price: Rs 1,999
From Rs 2,001 to Rs 5,000
Micromax 440W Router with Power Bank
Smartphones struggle to last a day on a single charge. Soa portable power bank is a necessity. But instead of gifting just a plain vanilla power bank, opt for something innovative. The Micromax 440W is a router as well where one can plug in a 3G dongle and convert its signal into WiFi, a handy tool. One can connect up to five devices on the WiFi network created by the device.
Price: Rs 2,350
Go Travel Cup Boiler
If you know someone who travels a lot and loves hot beverages, the Go Travel Cup Boiler is a perfect companion. It is more convenient than a travel kettle, and provides a cup of boiling water for tea or coffee or to warm a baby's bottle. It has an innovative protective guard and other 10 safety features.
Price: Rs 2,720
JBL Flip
This isn't the latest portable speaker in the market but it is the best in terms of sound in this price category. Anybody who loves music is going to love the JBL Flip, too. The sound of this portable speaker is loud and clear. It even sounds better than the most stereo systems installed in cars. It comes with an inbuilt battery that can last close to five hours. While it pairs over Bluetooth, it can also be connected to any gadget using the auxiliary cable.
Price: Rs 4,999
Nikon Sport Lite 8x25 DCF
This is one gift everyone would love to have. The Nikon Sport Lite Binoculars is compact and lightweight. It has rubber coating for a comfortable grip and multi-layered coating on the lenses for bright images.
Price: Rs 4,950
Plug Hub
Workstations often have wires running below the desk. This calls for under-desk cord management, which can be done using the Plug Hub. Made of rigid plastic and a rubber base, the Hub hides your power strip and cords in one discreet unit. It has three integrated cord anchors, so you can wrap the excess cords. It can be mounted on the wall or placed at the bottom of the desk.
Price: Rs 2,199
From Rs 5,001 to Rs 10,000
Oster Wine Chiller
This stainless steel single bottle electric wine chiller has an opener as well as a recharging base. It removes the cork at the touch of a button and can open up to 30 bottles on a single charge. It keep bottles chilled for a couple of hours. The base helps recharge the bottle opener.
Price: Rs 5,874
Samsung Gear Fit
Wearable gadgets are the next big thing in technology. There are a plenty of fitness trackers and smartwatches in the market. The Samsung Galaxy Fit made it to our list only after the price drop. Compatible with only a few selected Samsung Galaxy smartphones, the Fit has a curved screen and a heart rate monitor. It also has a pedometer and a few smartwatch features, too.
Price: Rs 8,150
GOQii
There are plenty of fitness bands in the market but the GOQii stands out from the crowd. Besides the band that will track the step count, there is also a coach that keeps one motivated to work out and adopt healthy eating habits.
Price: Rs 6,999
Micromax Canvas A1
A good looking Android smartphone with the Google support defines the Micromax Canvas A1. Being a part of Google's Android One ecosystem, it has quality hardware and runs on Android KitKat. It has a 5MP camera, 4.5-inch display, guaranteed OS update for two years, 1.3GHz quad core processor and 1GB RAM.
Price: Rs 6,599
Amazon Kindle (new)
Amazon's Kindle ebook reader is ideal for those who love reading books. Just before the festive season, Amazon has introduced a new Kindle, too. The most affordable Kindle ebook reader supports touch and offers 6-inch Carta e-paper technology display. Weighing 191 grams, it comes with 4 GB of internal storage that can store more than 1,000 books.
Price: Rs 5,999
From Rs 10,001 to Rs 25,000
Apple iPod Touch
The iPod can be described as the iPhone minus the calling facility. Jokes apart, the iPod is a complete personal entertainment device. One can enjoy quality videos, favourite music and even download apps to stay connected to the world. The innards on the iPod Touch are powerful, making it a personal gaming device too. Rs 16,900 for 16GB
Dell Inspiron 14
Designed for both youth and young professionals who are constantly on the move, the 14-inch Dell Inspiron has HD resolution with 1366x768 pixel resolution. It comes with a four-cell battery and 500GB hard disk. This Windows 8 machine weighs 1.99 kg.
Price: Rs 24,990
LG Song Star
Designed with the Indian market in mind, the LG Song Star is not just another Karaoke device. In fact, this microphone set comes preloaded with more than 4,000 songs, including regional language ones. There is echo and tempo control as well as real-time song rating. You can also queue up to 45 songs in one go. There is a two-mic version, too, at Rs 20,000.
Price: Rs 14,000
Philips Air Fryer
Those following a healthy diet will thank you for the Philips Air Fryer. It eliminates the need of frying food in oil and cooks the same food using Rapid Air Technology without any oil in less than 15 minutes. From French fries to samosas, everything can be cooked in the Air Fryer.
Price: Rs 10,675
Canon EOS-M Mirrorless Camera
Although smartphones are getting powerful cameras but they cannot match the images captured by a dedicated camera in terms of quality, sharpness and details. This Canon device has a CMOS sensor, 18MP resolution, full HD recording, and a three-inch Clear View II TFT LCD. An 18-55mm lens comes with the camera at this price.
Price: Rs 19,247
Rs 25,001 and Above
MacBook Air 11inch
Do you have a good budget and planning to gift a laptop? Well, no other laptop can match Apple's MacBook Air. Once addicted to this slim machine and Apple's proprietary operating system, no one would like anything else. The one with the 11-inch display starts at Rs 65,900 with 128GB flash storage, 1.4GHz dual core Intel i5 processor and 4GB of RAM.
Apple iPhone 6
We don't need to give any reasons for recommending this one. The iPhone 6 is expected to hit Indian shores just in time for Diwali and makes a perfect gift for any Apple follower. The bigger 4.7-inch display packed in a beautiful device also features an 8MP camera and a lasting battery
VU 50-inch 4k TV
4k TVs were never affordable but Sony had brought down the cost to a six-digit figure from a seven-digit price tag previously. But this year, VU has crossed a milestone by pricing a 50-inch 4k TV for `89,900. This TV has a 4k Graphics engine, 3D display, WiFi, and 20 watts audio output. It is priced much lower in comparison to the Samsung and Sony 4k TVs available in the market.
Price: Rs 89,900
Portronics iLume
This is a portable projector that is praiseworthy in every aspect. This short-throw projector is compact and can project anywhere between 19 inches to 110 inches. It is loaded with a host of connectivity options and is accompanied with a remote control. The 500 lumens lamp is good enough for setting up a personal home theatre in almost any room of the house.
Price: Rs 45,000
Festive Offers
The perfect time to buy a gadget is to wait till Diwali as most companies come up with festive discounts. With only a few days to Diwali, here are some cool offers worth grabbing.
Panasonic TVs
Panasonic is offering a wide range of freebies with the purchase of its LED, LCD and Plasma TVs. The company is offering a Blu-ray player and a microwave oven, along with other freebies, with the purchases. It is also offering a five-year warranty on Panasonic air-conditioners.
Apple iPhone 5S 16GB
Were you planning to buy an iPhone for long but the high price stopped you from buying one? Consider the iPhone 5S. Launched in India last year at Rs 53,500 for 16GB, the phone is now retailing at Rs 35,000 on online retailers such as Flipkart. This makes it a good buy. as it isn't really an old phone and can be upgraded to the iOS 8 without any issues.
Asus FonePad 7-inch dual SIM
Asus is offering a free cover worth Rs 1,599 with its FonePad 7-inch dual-SIM tablet. It comes with Intel Atom Z2520 1.2GHz dual core processor for lightning-fast web surfing and application loading, and is priced at Rs 12,999.
Dell Inspiron Laptops
For those planning to buy a laptop, consider Dell as the company is offering a two-year extended warranty and vouchers worth Rs 3,000 on the purchase of a Dell Inspiron laptop. This includes machines running on Intel i3, i5, i7 and AMD A6 processors.
Amazon.in
E-retailer Amazon.in is offering discounts on online purchases. The website is offering Gift Cards worth Rs 4,000 for free with every purchase of Xbox One. It is also offering 25 per cent off on backpacks, wallets, and luggage; 60 per cent off on more than 4,000 best-selling books; 50 per cent off on music; and 30 per cent off on special sports combos.

http://usat.ly/1ryzx6SProtect against 3 threats to your family's finances
How to save for a house in 10 simple steps
USA Today's Hadley Malcom talks with USA Today contributor Jeff Reeves who explains a few simple tips to help you save for purchasing a home. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
Jeff Reeves, Special to USA TODAY 7:26 a.m. EDT October 28, 2014
Saving for your dream house isn't easy, but with a plan in place, it's attainable.
(Photo: Michael Dwyer, AP)
968 CONNECT 329 TWEET 178 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The housing market has rebounded sharply from its lows a few years ago. And with the job market improving and interest rates still relatively low by historical standards, many Americans are thinking seriously about buying a home right now.
The easy-money days of mortgage lending are long gone, however, and many banks are requiring bigger down payments.
Consider the median home price in America right now is $212,400. At just 5% down, that means you need more than $10,000 at closing for a typical home — and depending on the lender, your credit and local real estate market, you could need much more than that.
If you want to buy a house in the near future, that means building up some serious savings. Here are 10 simple steps to help you do just that:
•Create a monthly budget. You build savings by spending less than you earn. Therefore, any financial goals begin and end with your monthly family budget. It's important to be both honest and realistic about your spending habits out of the gate, and then stick with your fixed plan as much as possible. Electronic bill pay is a great tool here, because then your payments take care of themselves. Another option is to print out a list of your monthly expenses and check them off — both to make sure they get paid, but also to have the satisfaction of knowing you are on track.
•Quarantine your savings. Many people have trouble saving money because they simply see a lot of zeros in their bank account and assume that they are comfortably on track when they are not — or that they have wiggle room to spend. The simplest way to avoid this is to create a dedicated bank account just for your housing fund, and then quarantine it from any spending. You'll still have your regular checking account and debit cards to pay the rent or the cable bill, but that special savings account is off-limits no matter what.
•Make savings automatic. Once you have a dedicated savings account, tell your payroll department that you want a fixed amount sent there every payday via direct deposit and the balance sent to your checking account as usual. The savings will happen regularly this way, and you won't even notice as long as you've built a good family budget. The idea, as personal finance gurus like to say, is to pay yourself first so there's no excuses.
•Save 100% of any windfalls. Getting a $3,000 tax refund or a nice year-end bonus? While it's tempting to splurge a little even as you save a little, building up a down payment requires a lot of restraint. That applies both to your day-to-day expenses, as well as one-time infusions of cash. After all, if you've built a good budget, then you don't really "need" any of that money … so it's perfect for saving.
•Save in big chunks. Sure, you can save a few bucks each week by eating store-brand peanut butter instead of Jif. But you can make the biggest impact by cutting out the biggest expenses. Skipping your annual beach vacation won't be easy, and that rusty old car with the broken mirror may be a bit embarrassing to drive for another year … but snatching big bills where you can instead of pinching pennies is an effective way to build up savings quickly.
•Downsize before you upsize. Moving to a one-bedroom apartment from a two-bedroom apartment can drop your rent by 20% to 30% in most areas. If you don't have kids, it may be a smart move to live small before you move into your new home and then reallocate the unused rent into your housing fund. And an added bonus is that a smaller place will mean fewer boxes to move once you finally do find your dream home.
•Work more. Spending less is the obvious way to save, but working more and bringing home more money is also a great way to supercharge your savings. If you are eligible for overtime or additional work, take every opportunity that comes your way. And if you're not, consider taking a second job on the side even if it's only a few days or a few projects each month.
•Save less for retirement. If you have a 401(k) match, it's still a good idea to save enough in order to qualify for that employer-sponsored contribution. But typically, matches stop at 6%, so saving for a house may mean capping your retirement contributions there and instead allocating the additional cash toward your down payment. Remember, a house is also an asset … so you are simply saving for the future in a different way. Another option for first-time home buyers is to actually use retirement savings in your IRA to fund the purchase. In many cases, you can withdraw $10,000 without penalties from your retirement fund to help fund your home purchase.
•Ask for support. Much like going on a diet, staying on a strict savings plan is much easier with the support of the people around you. If your buddies are always inviting you to happy hour or your sister-in-law invites you shopping each weekend, the temptation and stress are going to be an issue. Make sure your friends and family know how your behavior is changing so they can meet you halfway.
•Don't punish yourself. The math of saving for a house may be straightforward, but the emotions of saving are very complex. If saving feels painful or frustrating every single day, you're much less likely to be successful at it. So, rather than let the frustration build up after you deny yourself every discretionary expense, take comfort in a simple pleasure once in a while. Cut down on eating out, but consider cooking a fancy dinner once a week at home with premium ingredients. Cut down on going to movies, but perhaps subscribe to Netflix instead. The idea is to save money, not to spend zero, and you will find it much easier to save if you're actually enjoying your life while doing so.
Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com and the author of The Frugal Investor's Guide to Finding Great Stocks.
968 CONNECT 329 TWEET 178 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u2BmR2

Black money list: 10 developments since Modi govt took chargeComments
The Centre has submitted a list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, directing a special investigation team (SIT) to complete the tax probe on suspected black money by March next year.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi says he wants to prosecute tax dodgers and bring money stashed in tax havens back into the country but his opponents claim enough progress has not been made since his landslide election victory earlier this year.
Here's the ten developments since the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government took charge at the Centre in May this year:
1. May 27: Modi govt forms SIT
Signalling his government’s resolve to bring back the country’s black money stashed abroad, PM Modi’s first decision in the maiden meeting of his cabinet was to form a high-profile SIT to unearth illicit money.
The SIT is headed by former SC judge MB Shah and includes the highest-level officials from financial and economic departments as well as law enforcement agencies.
The decision came just a day before the apex court’s deadline to form the SIT was set to expire.
2. Oct 17: 'Black money info cannot be disclosed to all'
The Centre on October 17 told the SC that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as it this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
This echoes the line taken by the previous United Progressive Alliance government, which the BJP had slammed over alleged inaction on the issue and made it into an election issue earlier this year.
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu, Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said that all amounts deposited in foreign banks by Indian citizens cannot be termed black money and that it is not a crime to open such accounts.
However, finance minister Arun Jaitley rejected any notion that the BJP was reluctant to make the names public.
3. Oct 17: FM says Switzerland agrees to provide details of black money
Jaitley said that Switzerland had agreed to share information on Indians’ bank accounts on independent evidence provided in each case, marking a major step in efforts to secure data from the Alpine nation, known for its banking secrecy laws.
Jaitley said Switzerland had agreed to share information related to HSBC and Liechestein lists of account holders, provided there is independent evidence collected by Indian authorities.
As per Swiss National Bank's latest data, the total money held by Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs. 14,000 crore as on December 2013, up by nearly 42% from a year ago.
4. Oct 27: Govt discloses eight names to SC
Days after it was criticised for backtracking on its election promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, the Modi government named seven persons and a company facing prosecution for keeping illegal wealth in foreign banks.
The much-awaited list did not include names of any politician. Those named in a government affidavit were Pradip Burman of the Dabur group, Rajkot-based bullion trader Pankaj Chimanlal Lodhya and directors of Goa-based mining company Timblo Private Limited — Radha Satish Timblo, Chetan S Timblo, Rohan S Timblo, Anna C Timblo and Mallika R Timblo. Timblo Private Limited, a firm identified by Association for Democratic Reforms as a donor to both the BJP and the Congress, was also named.
5. Oct 27: Oppn slams BJP for calling affidavit historic
Political reactions were sharp after the government revealed the names of seven persons and a company facing prosecution for keeping illegal wealth in foreign banks.
Sambit Patra, a BJP spokesperson, called disclosure of the names "a historic day in the black money case".
But Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh accused the BJP of "selective revelation" of names and said the process smacked of "blackmail, not black money".
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal said the revelations of black money account holders should not be selective. "There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi cited four tweets by Modi before the Lok Sabha elections in which he had slammed the previous Manmohan Singh government for its “lack of commitment” to bring back black money from foreign banks.
6. Oct 28: SC pulls up Centre
The apex court directed the government to submit to it the names of all foreign bank account holders by Oct 29, saying it need not provide a “protective umbrella” to such persons.
The court also turned down the government’s request that it modify its order seeking the names of all such account holders. The Centre had contended that the names should be revealed only after investigations proved the accounts indeed held black money and led to prosecution against tax evaders.
7. Oct 29: Centre gives black money full list to SC
The government submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the court, which directed its SIT to examine them and take appropriate action.
After handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
8. Oct 29: No revelation, for now
A special bench of the apex court headed Dattu refused to open the envelope handing over by the Centre, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman.
“We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
9. Oct 29: State of confusion
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public. Rejecting the Centre’s submission, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, the court refused to open the sealed envelope which contained the list of foreign account holders.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
10. Oct 30: What's next
The SC-appointed SIT, looking into the black money cases, on Thursday said it will go after the offenders "big or small" but made it clear that confidentiality about account holders abroad will not be violated.
It also said it was gathering more names other than the over 600 account holders in HSBC bank, Geneva, given by the government to the apex court on Wednesday, for investigation.
"Before us, nobody is big, nobody is small. Everybody is equal. Whoever has looted this country will be caught and will be punished, economically and otherwise also. That we assure. Both of us (SIT chief Justice Shah) are too well known for doing it to discomfort of many people," vice chairman Justice Arijit Pasayat said.
The SIT was asked to complete the probe by next March.
What is black money
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links
Size of India's black economy
In 2011, the government had commissioned a joint study by three think-tanks - NIPFP, NIFM and NCAER - to estimate Indian entities' unaccounted wealth both at home and abroad. The final report has not been submitted.
India ranked fifth largest exporter of illicit money between 2002-2011, with a total of $343.04 billion, and in 2011 it was placed third when $84.93 billion was sent abroad, according to a 2013 report titled 'Illicit Financial Flows from Developing Countries: 2002-2011'
According to Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, Indians salted away $462 billion (about Rs. 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948-2008.
(With inputs from HT and Agencies)

Govt cuts costs: No first-class travel for babusComments
The Narendra Modi government on Thursday ordered a ban on first-class air travel by top bureaucrats as part of its austerity drive to cut down on unnecessary expenditure and make the most of available resources.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inspects the Guard of Honour at INS Hansa airbase at Dabolim in Goa. (PTI photo)
The government also told ministries to reduce non-plan expenditure, barring them from making new financial commitments, purchasing new vehicles, creating new posts and holding conferences at five-star hotels.
Government expenditure is classified under two broad heads — plan and non-plan. Funds spent on creating assets through programmes and schemes come under plan expenditure, while non-plan expenditure refers to all spending, including establishment and maintenance activities of the government and the small-bore measures are aimed at cutting discretionary spending by 10% in the fiscal year to March 2015.
“In the context of the current fiscal situation, there is a need to continue to rationalise expenditure and optimise available resources,” said an order issued by expenditure secretary RN Watal that clamped down on secretaries flying first-class while travelling abroad. Last year’s austerity drive had advised them to avoid first-class travel, but quite a few ignored the suggestion.
Containing expenditure is central to the government’s aim to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — within the budgeted 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
The move comes a month after Prime Minister Modi frowned at secretary-rank officers going on frequent foreign trips, saying they should travel only if sending a joint secretary- or additional secretary-rank officer does not serve the purpose.
However, the government made a few changes to earlier versions of the austerity drive to avoid unnecessary inconvenience and paperwork. For instance, it exempted security forces from the ban on buying new vehicles.
In the past, security forces had to seek the finance ministry’s approval for every purchase. “This rule was a big impediment and slowed down our expansion,” said a central reserve police force officer.
The finance ministry also relaxed the rule forcing all officers except secretaries to travel by economy-class, which will now allow officers of the rank of joint secretary and above to travel business-class. The ministry, while striking down the earlier rule that was often criticised as unnecessary, said departments would, however, not be given any more money than what is already budgeted.
“However, there would no bookings in first-class,” Watal’s memorandum said.
The government will also not entertain proposals for participation in study tours or conferences abroad except those that are fully funded by the sponsoring agencies.

Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra CM today  Sena won t attend swearing-inComments
Devendra Fadnavis, 44, will take oath as the 27th chief minister of Maharashtra and the first Bharatiya Janata Party’s CM in the state at a grand function at Wankhede Stadium on Friday.
BJP National President Amit Shah with Maharashtra CM-designate Devendra Fadnavis during their meeting at his residence in New Delhi. ( Sonu Mehta/HT Photo)
The function could be boycotted by the BJP’s estranged ally Shiv Sena which is unhappy over not getting a desired deal to participate in the BJP-led government.
Uncertainty loomed in the Sena camp through Thursday as senior leaders indicated that Thackeray and Sena legislators were unlikely to attend the ceremony.
The party was hoping a solution would emerge after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP president Amit Shah and Fadnavis in Delhi on Thursday but no such indication was given by the BJP.
Fadnavis is likely to take oath of office in presence of PM Modi, chief ministers of several BJP ruled states, party chief Shah and a large number of celebrities.
Senior BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said a small team will take oath with Fadnavis and the expansion of the council of ministers would be conducted later. 
“It is unlikely that other party ministers will be sworn in tomorrow. But there is a possibility that it will be our partner in the future,” Rudy said on Thursday, making it  clear that no Sena legislator would be taking oath on Friday.
Reacting to Rudy’s statement, Sena leaders said they would not attend the ceremony. “Our MLAs have expressed that they should be treated with respect if the BJP wants them to be part of the government. If that is not happening then no one from the Sena will attend the ceremony, not even Uddhavji,” said Sena MP Vinayak Raut.
"As our MLAs feel that BJP did not give us due respect, why should we attend the oath-taking ceremony?" Sena MP Vinayak Raut told reporters after meeting party president Uddhav Thackeray.
Sources said the Sena leadership may prefer to wait for few more days as BJP would have to take a decision before the assembly session is held in November to prove majority of the new government.
Meanwhile, the BJP is also grappling with the problem of finalising names of ministers and also the allocation of portfolios. Sources said the issue was discussed in the meeting between Modi, Shah and Fadnavis.
(With PTI inputs)

Sensex vaults 520 points as Japan surprises marketsUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:12 IST
Sensex vaults 520 points as Japan surprises markets
Special Correspondent
PTI The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) surged by 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent to close at 27865.83.
TOPICS
market and exchange
Renewed optimism on reforms also boosts sentiment
Stock indices shot up to close at historical high on Friday by nearly two per cent following the surprise announcement of Bank of Japan’s stimulus programme, which is likely to result in more fund flow to emerging markets.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) surged by 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent to close at 27865.83.
Among the broader indices BSE 100 surged by 1.86 per cent, BSE 200 gained 1.78 per cent and BSE 500 was up by 1.71 per cent
The mid-cap and small cap stocks went up by 1.24 per cent and 0.96 per cent respectively.
The rally was led by capital goods stocks at 2.66 per cent followed by information technology at 1.96 per cent and power 1.94 per cent. Consumer durable stocks, however, lost by 3.18 per cent.
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE) the 50-share Nifty closed at 8322.20 with a gain of 153 points or 1.87 per cent.
“In the last three days, the FIIs were buying heavily as they bought Rs.1,200 crore worth shares on Thursday and Rs 1,700 crore shares on Friday,” said Dilip Bhat of Prabhudas Lilladher. He said that world over all markets were on fire and this was compounded by the announcement of Bank of Japan which increased its stimulus programme from 60 trillion yen to 80 trillion yen.
“This means that people who are worried that the U.S. will stop the QE 3 will now sensing that this would gradually replaced by Japan and they are expecting that the Europe will also continue its easy money policy,” Mr. Bhat added. “Markets built up on Thursday’s rally on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, improved growth in U.S., liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in U.S. interest rates,” said Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
In the near term, the focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives. Said Mr. Shah, “Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc. Economic growth in China/Eurozone will engage the attention of the market and the remaining quarterly results will have stock-specific impact.”

G. K. Vasan quits Congress  floats new partyUpdated: November 26, 2014 10:47 IST
G. K. Vasan quits Congress, floats new party
Sruthisagar Yamunan
The Hindu Former union minister G.K. Vasan with senior leader B.S. Gnanadesikan, announcing the launch of a new political party, in Chennai on Monday. Photo: K. V. Srinivasan
The Hindu A file photo of G.K. Vasan. Photo: B. Velankanni Raj
TOPICS
state politics
In a repeat of 1996, the Congress in Tamil Nadu on Monday was split into two with former Union Shipping Minister G.K. Vasan quitting the party and floating a new outfit. The name of the party and its flag will be announced at a public meeting in Tiruchi.
'Vertical Split'
The split was indeed more serious than was expected with many senior leaders of the erstwhile Tamil Manila Congress (TMC), which was floated by Mr. Vasan’s father G.K. Moopanar, moving to the new outfit. Most significant of the lot was former Member of Parliament Peter Alphonse, who was till last week, in the running for the post of TNCC president after B.S. Gnanadesikan quit the post.
Mr. Vasan’s supporters claimed that more than 30 of the 59 district presidents of the TNCC and several former MLAs and MPs have moved into the new party and called it a “vertical split.”
'No efforts made to strengthen party in TN'
Making his announcement, Mr. Vasan said for 14 years since the merger of the TMC with the Congress in 2002, he had worked hard under the leadership of Congress president Sonia Gandhi. But he had to part ways as he felt the Congress was not taking efforts necessary to fulfil the aspirations of the people of Tamil Nadu.
“The party had been out of power for 48 years in Tamil Nadu. But no proper efforts have been made to strengthen the party in the State in order to come back to power,” he pointed out.
Mr. Vasan said the vote share of the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections was not the reflection of its true strength. In fact, the voteshare could be double of the 4.3 per cent it got, he said, adding, it was on this strength that the new outfit would build upon.
On whether a regional variant of the Congress would check the growth of the BJP in Tamil Nadu, he said his outfit will chalk a new path in the politics of Tamil Nadu. As far as the BJP goes, he said he stood on a different end.
Those who stood with Mr. Vasan on Monday included two sitting MLAs, N.R. Rengarajan and John Jacob; former MPs Mr. Alphonse, Mr. Gnanadesikan, S.R Balasubramanian, N.S.V Chitthan; former MLAs Gnanasekaran, Kovai Thangam and Vidiyal Sekar; and former Tiruchi Mayor Charubala Thondaiman.
Meanwhile, TNCC chief E.V.K.S Elangovan appealed to Mr. Vasan to reconsider his decision.
All you need to know about G.K. Vasan: thne.ws/1vCoZpO

Air India departs from  lobby  of private airlinesAir India departs from 'lobby' of private airlines
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 09:14 IST
Photo: Reuters
The country's flagship carrier Air India (AI) has pulled out of the Federation of Indian Airlines (FIA), which comprises domestic carriers, after eight years as the new government finds it unethical for the Maharaja to be part of a private airline lobby.
A senior civil aviation ministry official said, "FIA has largely benefited private carriers as the organisation got credibility by including Air India. However, forcing Air India to join FIA has enabled private airlines to take advantage in getting prime time slots and lucrative routes at the cost of the state carrier."
Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju wanted AI to pull out FIA, the official added. AI chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan tried to downplay the matter.
"The government does not guide the airline in this matter. It is purely a decision of the airline. I feel I can always directly talk to the government. FIA is not optimally useful," he told MAIL TODAY.
Nandan recently wrote to FIA associate director Ujjwal Dey informing him of AI's decision to withdraw from the body with immediate effect. While Nandan refused to comment why AI did not pull out from FIA during the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) regime, top government officials said that some civil aviation ministers during the UPA rule were seen to be very close to private carriers.
According to an AI official, the carrier had huge differences with FIA on some issue or the other. "Many decisions taken by FIA were not actually in the interest of Air India, but we had to support them only because some vested interests were supporting the private carriers," the official said.
According to sources, private carriers are unhappy at AI leaving the group. FIA was constituted in 2006 to push for reforms as many private carriers like IndiGo, SpiceJet and GoAir were granted licenses. Besides these airlines, Jet Airways is also a member of FIA.

Banking  finance firms to spend Rs 47k cr on ITYou are here: Home > Collections > Gartner
Banking, finance firms to spend Rs 47k crore on IT this year
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(This forecast includes…)
NEW DELHI: IT spending by banking and financial securities firms is expected to grow by over 10 per cent to Rs 469 billion or around Rs 47,000 crore this year, research firm Gartner said today.
"Indian banking and securities companies will spend 469 billion rupees on IT products and services in 2014, increase of more than 10 per cent over 2013 revenue of 427 billion rupees," Gartner said in a statement.
This forecast includes spending by financial institutions on internal IT (largely personnel), hardware, software, external IT services and telecom, it added.
"New bank licences will be soon granted by RBI. This will trigger a new wave of IT spending across the country as RBI's goal is to reach a higher local penetration for banking services and this means more branches," Gartner Research Director Vittorio D'Orazio said.
Front-office technologies, like branch-related hardware and software, will be the sweet spot as well as new channels such as mobile and ATMs/kiosks, he added.
IT services is the largest overall spending category at almost Rs 155 billion in 2014 (33 per cent of the entire enterprise IT market), which confirms the interest of the banking industry for IT services which is becoming a leading industry in the country, Gartner said.
However, software is forecast to achieve the highest growth rate amongst the top level IT spending categories at about 16.7 per cent this year, which will slow down in the following years compared to the IT services market, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermals dynamicsUpdated: November 3, 2014 18:44 IST
Thermal’s dynamics
The Hindu Thermal and a Quarter band performing at Park Hotel in Chennai. Photo: M Moorthy
Special arrangement Thermal and a Quarter
TOPICS
indi-rock
In Chennai recently for a concert, the members of the 17-year-old iconic band Thermal and a Quarter speak about their albums, the indie music scene in the country and finding their space at festivals abroad
The night heavens have opened over Chennai. A handful of people has strolled into The Park’s lobby while gentle jazz streams through the airwaves. The rains and the music strains hush though as Bruce Lee Mani’s soaring, guttural vocals take centre stage, singing of bygone times when it was illegal to play music in Bangalore’s bars. It’s a voice that reminds you of winds gushing through open skies, and it’s been singing for 17 years now. In the nearly two decades that Thermal and a Quarter have been around, quietly pioneering paths in India’s independent music scene, they’ve toured the world several times over, opened for bands like Deep Purple and Jethro Tull, won numerous awards, survived two line-up changes, and written five acclaimed albums.
At the cusp of recording their sixth now, there’s a little more grey on drummer Rajeev Rajagopal’s beard than when he first met Bruce in Christ College, and Bruce’s own mad mop of curls sees tamer days. But that deadly mix of music they call Bangalore rock — a filtered brew of the blues, jazz, funk, rock and roll — sounds better than ever before. As yet untitled, the new album draws from their insider experience of thriving in India’s fledgling indie English industry, from the times of few sponsors, stages and patrons, to the present boom age where everyone from nascent festival organisers to obscure television channels wants a finger in the indie pie. “The way the scene has progressed here is very uniquely Indian; no other country sees this crazy diversity, from the artsy-originals-only, or covers-only, bands, to Bollywood-obsessed masses, venues that care more about food and beverage, deeply integrity-driven artistes and those in it just for the money...the scene here is a beast all its own, and this album gives voice to each of the strange characters that people it,” says Bruce.
One of the new songs Thermal premiered at The Park is titled ‘The Scene’, a “bitter-sweet”, hymn-like ditty that compares indie English music to selling ‘sushi in an idli shop’; another dwells on Indian indie artistes’ proclivity to certain intoxicant brands; a third, ‘Dig Those Chicks’ remembers a time when shows were once full of just ‘brown brothers’ and now welcomes happily their female counterparts; and ‘Medicated Electronic Dance’ (MED) comments tongue-in-cheek on our current electronic dance music (EDM) obsession, replete with synth-processed, EDM-like vocals on loop. Musically, the album will launch Thermal’s evolved sound that now features their young, new bassist and backing vocalist Leslie Charles, who they first overheard jamming Jaco Pastorius in a music store. Leslie brings to the table his McCartney-reminiscent grooves that only strengthen Thermal’s already rhythm-driven spine.
Watch the new Thermal on stage though, and they’re smooth as free-flowing water. Bodies beat to time, playing off each other’s brilliance, still surprised at the others’ moments of stage inspiration after all this time together. It’s a “subliminal tightness” that comes especially from their last year of gigging across world stages, most of all at a 50-shows-in-60-days tour across Europe, including the prestigious, month-long Edinburgh Fringe festival. “What the Fringe gave us, playing to audiences who’d never heard of us, was the ability to perform anywhere, from cavernous churches to stages with no gear, and for absolutely anyone,” says Rajeev. Their stories of this experience feed into their first film, which looks at that “peculiar, distorted reality that artistes live in,” says Bruce. In the presence of hundreds of artistes from across the globe, both famous and unknown, performing before armies of crowds or just a smattering of people, Thermal learnt further of the essence of artiste living. “It helps to know you’re not the only struggling lunatic around! There are plenty of us out there; so it’s cool,” laughs Rajeev.
Thermal’s own journey has spanned humble beginnings, starting with their first, Bangalore IT-industry-inspired album thermalandaquarter.com in 2000, to 2012’s three-disk omnibus of an effort that set their sound in stone, Three Wheels Nine Lives, altogether over a 130 songs. Their musical tastes have morphed over time (jazz-head Bruce is now listening to metal and Rajeev’s turned a Brubeck fan), and for six years now, they’ve self-run a music school, Taaqademy. “It’s a sustainable model we’re encouraging for musicians. Not only does the teaching keep you challenged and technically sound, there’s no better environment for a musician to be in, surrounded by the best of young talent constantly trying new things,” says Bruce. Despite juggling administration, syllabi, salaries, their own gigs and rehearsal time, Bruce says their song-writing techniques haven’t changed much. Their music is still born at the lyric stage first, arrives in his head in “bulk orders”, and grows into their own animals as the band infuses ideas in. The new album, with material just a year old now, Rajeev says, is merely the next logical step in their musical journey. “As always, it deals with the worlds we’re experiencing. It’s very real, very honest, very us, very Thermal.”

http://usat.ly/1wZ51uXU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

Shipping project: Nitin Gadkari allays fear about demolishing RamSethuPrint
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari had earlier stated that government would consider implementing SSCP by choosing an alternate route. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Rameswaram | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:56 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 5:15 pm
Union Surface Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said there was no question of demolishing ‘Ramar Sethu’ while implementing the Sethusamudram Shipping Channel Project and asserted it would be done without harming the environment.
“There is no question of demolishing ‘Ramar Sethu’  (mythical bridge built by Lord Rama to reach Lanka) while implementing Sethusamudram Shipping Channel Project,” he told reporters after inspecting the area by air in a Coast Guard aircraft and through sea by hovercraft.
Gadkari said government was studying four or five options and its implications, including cost, as suggested in a report submitted by RITES, after government asked it to survey an alternate alignment and possibilities for constructing SSCP.
The SSCP project envisages dredging a ship channel across Palk Straits, providing a shorter navigational route for ships from east and west coasts of the country instead of circumventing Sri Lanka, has hit a block after protests over the proposed demolition of Ram Sethu.
After the NDA Government came to power, Gadkari had asserted that Ram Sethu structure would not be demolished.
The Tamil Nadu Government has opposed the project on the ground that it would affect the livelihood of fishermen.
Gadkari had earlier stated in Parliament that government would consider implementing SSCP by choosing an alternate route. It is against this background that he inspected Palk Straits.
Asked if the money spent on the project so far would go waste, he said, “we will utilise the part of the project which is completed. We are trying to use part of the sea that has already been dredged for the project. Now we are trying to find out a route for the new alignment,” he said.
Gadkari said implementation of the project would result in India getting a continuous navigable route wihin its territorial waters. From the strategic and security point of view also, the project would be an important one, he said.
The coastal movement due to SSCP would improve and develop maritime trade. Initially navigational facility will be  available for less than 30,000 Dead Weight Tonnage, he said.

Need time to resolve border disputes with India:ChinaPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:54 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 5:27 pm
Border disputes between India and China can be resolved through dialogue but it will require time, Chinese Ambassador to India Le Yucheng said on Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters here, Lee also mentioned China’s plan to invest USD 20 billion in various infrastructure and development projects in India in next five years.
On border dispute, Lee said China was confident of finding a mutually acceptable solution to it.
“We will proceed to solve these issues through dialogues, though negotiations. We just need time to solve them. We are confident that we can find our way out with joint efforts from both the sides,” he told reporters when asked about reports of incursion by Chinese Army in Pangong lake in the higher reaches of Ladakh.
Emphasising the need to expand trade cooperation, he identified power sector as an important sector where two countries can cooperate. “India can also enjoy 24×7 power supply with cooperation from Chinese enterprises.”
“While a Chinese IT company has already created 5000 more jobs in India, various sectors including agriculture will also find better access to Chinese market. India can also expect an increase in revenue by receiving 5 million outbound Chinese tourists,” he added.
The Chinese Ambassador said both the countries have the  wisdom to reach and maintain strategic partnership.
Lee was chairing a round table discussion on APEC (Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation) as APEC 2014 Economic Leaders’ Week began in Beijing today.

EU sharply cuts growth forecasts for 2014  ...EU cuts growth forecast to 0.8%
EU cuts growth forecast to 0.8%
The EU on Tuesday sharply cut its growth forecasts for the eurozone on Tuesday, warning that France and Italy remain huge problems for the sluggish European economy.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: The fragile euro zone will need another year to reach even a modest level of economic growth, the European Commission said on Tuesday, revising down its forecasts and predicting more of the low inflation and high joblessness that plagues the bloc.
In its autumn estimates, the EU executive said the euro zone's economy would expand 0.8 per cent this year, 1.1 per cent next year and by 1.7 per cent in 2016 - a level the Commission said six months ago would be achieved next year. The delay in the upturn was due to drag on the economy from France and Italy.
The euro zone's faltering recovery from the financial crisis is becoming a wider concern as the currency bloc that generates a fifth of world economic output holds back a broader global revival led by the United States.
"The slowdown in Europe has occurred as the legacy of the global financial and economic crisis lingers," said Marco Buti, the director general of the Commission's economics department.
"We see growth ... coming to a stop in Germany ... protracted stagnation in France and contraction in Italy," he said in a statement on the forecasts for 2014 to 2016.
The Commission data appears to avoid the relapse into recession that European Central Bank President Mario Draghi warned EU leaders of at a summit in Brussels last month, but despite a slowly improving trend, indicators remain dour.
Inflation will be 0.5 per cent this year, 0.8 per cent in 2015 and 1.5 per cent in 2016, still below the ECB's target of the 2-per cent level it judges as healthy for the economy, while unemployment will barely budget at 10.8 per cent in 2016.
The data is likely to support calls by economists and some investors for the ECB to embark on the kind of bond-buying programme of quantative easing that Japan, Britain and the United States have employed to recover from the crisis.
But Draghi has told the euro zone it cannot just rely on the ECB, which is banned from directly financing governments, to help, and that countries such as France must reform to get more young people into work and help carry the burden of an ageing population.
For now, euro zone leaders are putting their faith in a proposed 300 billion euro fund to invest in projects to get the economy going, while calling on Germany, Europe's biggest economy, to spend more.
But the Commission forecasts Germany will post a budget surplus this year, a balanced budget in 2015 and another surplus in 2016, showing little appetite for more government spending.

India is closest ally in Asia: South AfricaAfrica
("The purpose of this visit…)
NEW DELHI: Describing India as its "closest ally" in Asia , South Africa today sought its help in gaining expertise in science and engineering besides pitching for better cooperation in areas like culture and education.
"We know how good India is in the field of engineering and science. We lack the necessary skills in these fields and would like India to assist us in these sectors," South Africa's Minister of Human Settlements Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu said.
Sisulu is on her first visit to India to mark the celebration of 20 years of freedom in South Africa.
"The purpose of this visit is a gesture from the South African government to thank its Indian counterpart for all the help and support it has extended in our struggle for liberation," Sisulu said.
The minister said bilateral relations between India and South Africa are a priority for the South African government with the two nations sharing a lot of commonalities.
"India is our closest ally in the Asian continent. We have commonality in our approach and we intend to keep it like that," she said.
Talking about celebrating the centenary of Mahatma Gandhi's return to India from South Africa next year, Sisulu said the government has decided to celebrate the occasion but details of it were not finalised yet.
"We have decided to celebrate the hundred year's of Mahatma Gandhi's return to India. The details of celebrations are yet to be finalised. We would also like Indians to suggest us ways of how to celebrate it," she said.
While talking about the cultural cooperation between the two countries, South African High Commissioner F K Morule said much needs to be done on that front.
"Much has to be done to strengthen and promote cultural cooperations between India and South Africa. We need to do more on this," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Tight security in Trilokpuri on MuharramComments
Keeping in mind the communal tension simmering in outer Delhi’s Bawana and the recent riots in east Delhi's Trilokpuri, the police are taking no chances and have put both areas under a security blanket on Muharram.
Apart from imposing restrictions on the display of weapons — swords, lathis and knives — during the festival on Tuesday, the police will keep a close watch on the procession.
Muslims observe Muharram to mourn the death of Imam Hussein ibn Ali, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, in the battle of Karbala.
Sources said special measures were also being taken for other sensitive areas of the city, including Karbala, Jamia Nagar and the Walled City.
Tension has been prevailing in Trilokpuri since Diwali. A similar situation has been reported from Bawana with locals from a community objecting to the route of a Muharram procession.
To ensure peace in Trilokpuri, the police have planned to increase the duration of the prohibitory orders that had been relaxed, sources said. “The prohibitory orders were earlier relaxed from 6am to 7pm. They are planning to relax the orders till 3pm on Tuesday,” said a senior official.
Delhi Police imposed orders under Section 144 of the CrPC, prohibiting any gathering or movement of a group of people, two days after the clashes.
Over 1,000 policemen, including Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel, have been deployed in the area since October 26.
The official said Trilokpuri was likely to see increased deployment on Tuesday.
So far, 68 people have been arrested in connection with the Trilokpuri clashes.
Tension in Bawana has been brewing, and the situation took an ugly turn after some residents called a mahapanchayat on Sunday, objecting to the route of a Muharram procession. The police deployed extra forces in the area, with additional pickets to maintain harmony.
“We are taking all precautionary steps and have deployed extra forces in both the locations,” said special commissioner (law and order) Deepak Mishra.
An alternate route was chalked out with consent of both the communities following police intervention, and it will be curtailed to JJ cluster and not come toward the town and will also be observed in a "subdued" manner.
 
However, tension remained high after local leaders raised objections and provocative speeches and slogans were made at the gathering which was attended by hundreds of people.
 
Around 1,000 policemen have been deployed in the area and along the routes which will be closely monitored by senior police officials.
Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi cancelled his trip to the Interpol’s general assembly in Monaco on Sunday due to the prevailing communal tension in Trilokpuri and Bawana. Bassi was supposed to accompany home minister Rajnath Singh and CBI director Ranjit Sinha for the international meet.
Show of solidarity
More than 30 Hindu volunteers are ready to set an example of communal harmony in Trilokpuri by leading Muharram processions, IANS reported.
The Hindu volunteers will be divided among the five Muharram processions that will set out from different blocks of the east Delhi locality.
Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Beniwal told IANS: "Five Muharram processions may possibly set out from Block 27 and 37 of Trilokpuri around 2pm tomorrow (Tuesday). All the processions will be led by the Hindu volunteers. The Hindu volunteers are also ready to manage 'Chhabi', a water stall."
He said, "The number of people participating in the processions is not clear. They may be between 400 and 1,000."
Watch the traffic
Delhi is likely to witness traffic snarls on various routes due to Muharram processions, Delhi Traffic Police said on Monday, advising commuters to take alternate roads.
 
Police have also asked Delihiites to avail the services of Delhi Metro to save themselves from severe congestions, especially during peak hours.
 
According to police, the 'Alam and Taboot' procession will be taken out from Shia Jama Masjid, Kashmere Gate, Chabi Ganj, Chhota Bazar, Bara Bazar around 9am and would end at Panja Sharif at around 4pm while the tazias from Nizamuddin, Okhla and Mehrauli would reach Karbala directly.
 
These processions shall pass through entire Old Delhi region and make their way through major zones and stretches that include the Paharganj bridge, Ajmeri Gate (including the road near the New Delhi Railway Station), Chelmsford Road, Connaught Place, Parliament Street, Red Cross Road, Tughlak Road, Aurobindo Marg and Jor Bagh.
 
"There is likelihood of slowing down and congestion of traffic along the route of the procession and adjoining roads.
"In addition, due to other local processions, movement of traffic is also likely to be affected on Mathura Road, Maa Anandmai Marg, Mehrauli-Badarpur Road, Road No 56, Road No 66, Pankha Road, Palam Dabri Road etc," additional commissioner of police (Traffic) Anil Shukla said.
 
General public and motorists are advised to avoid the above mentioned routes, co-operate and follow the directions of the traffic policemen posted along the routes of procession to avoid inconvenience, he added.
 
Those going to New Delhi Railway Station particularly in evening should leave in advance and have sufficient time for possible delay in routes.
 
For reaching New Delhi Railway Station commuters should avoid Connaught Place and reach Ajmeri Gate side through Tilak Marg, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg or through Rajghat and Jawahar Lal Nehru Marg depending on movement of procession, police said.
(with PTI and IANS inputs)

Africa Business ReportZimbabwe's unstable diamond industry
Africa Business Report
A look at business across the continent. We talk to the people and businesses who are changing the economic face of Africa. BBC correspondents in each country report on the growing trends and latest business developments and give an insight into this diverse continent.
Show more / Show less

Asia Business ReportIndian movies being made in Singapore
Asia Business Report
Live from Singapore the essential business news as it breaks and a look ahead to the news that will shape the business day.
Last on

You can watch the video herePlay next
Play now
First person to buy iPhone in Perth drops it on camera - Duration: 30:27. by Jameson Garland 27,572 views
Play next
Play now
Australia:  First person to buy an iPhone 6 immediately drops it - So bad - Duration: 0:35. by Tan 10,015 views
Play next
Play now
iPhone 6 Plus vs 6 vs 5S vs 5C vs 5 vs 4S vs 4 vs 3GS vs 3G vs 2G Drop Test! - Duration: 12:27. by TechRax 5,362,845 views

the Guardian reportsApple
Apple voted United Kingdom's coolest brand as Twitter slumps
CoolBrands list sees Twitter drop out of the top 20 after three years, while Instagram made its debut at number 14
Apple has retained its title as the coolest brand in Britain for the third year but Twitter has fallen out of favour to make way for rival Instagram. Photograph: Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Press Association
Share on WhatsApp
Apple has retained its title as the coolest brand in Britain for the third year running but Twitter has fallen out of favour to make way for rival Instagram , according to an annual survey.
The CoolBrands list saw Twitter drop out of the top 20 after three years, while Instagram made its debut at number 14.
The streaming service Netflix , home of award-winning drama Breaking Bad, broke into the top 20 for the first time. Retailers Liberty and Selfridges returned after a one-year absence, as did technology brand Bose.
The luxury fashion brand Stella McCartney also re-entered the top 20 alongside champagne label Dom Pérignon, which regained a place after a three-year absence.
A total of 13 brands retained top 20 status from last year, including Chanel , Aston Martin and Nike, but those falling out of favour included Italian fashion giant Prada, Adidas and BBC iPlayer.
The list is voted for by 2,000 consumers and a panel of 37 "key influencers", which this year included the models Sophie Dahl and Jodie Kidd and fashion designer Julien Macdonald.
Voters were asked to bear in mind style, innovation, originality, authenticity, desirability and uniqueness when listing their brand selections.
CoolBrands spokesman Stephen Cheliotis said: "The idea that CoolBrands is about fads and short-term reputational success is ripped apart by the solid performance and dominance of regular top 20 brands such as Aston Martin, Chanel and Nike.
"If anything, this year's rankings illustrate that a solid reputation is hard to undermine or, in the case of rivals, overcome.
"That said, it was refreshing to see unique and original brands such as Instagram and Netflix join the top 20.
"Both have had an impact on the market, shaking up the status quo and forcing rivals to up the ante.
"Apple, however, continues to dominate the listing and remains untouchable for now."
The 2014/15 CoolBrands top 20 is:

UBS sets aside $1.9bn for settlement  litigationAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

China Slowdown to Bruise Global Economy: SurveyECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Washington: China's roaring economy for years has pulled much of the rest of the world with it, soaking up oil, iron ore and other commodities from developing countries and autos and luxury goods from Europe.
But its role as a global engine is fading as its economy slows - and many other nations, in the view of economists, will feel the pain. An Associated Press survey of 30 economists has found that 57 per cent of them expect China's decelerating economy to restrain growth in countries from Brazil and Chile to Australia and South Korea.
A notable exception is the United States, which the economists see as largely insulated from China's troubles.
China's once-explosive growth has slowed in part because of its government's efforts to restrain its speculative real estate sector and shift its economy toward consumer spending. China's economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter from a year earlier, its slowest pace since 2009. A growth rate above 7 per cent would be the envy of most major economies. But for China, it marked a sharp slowdown after three decades of double-digit expansion.
Last week, the Conference Board, a business group, forecast that China's growth would slump to 4 per cent by 2020.
China's deceleration is rippling around the world. Brazil and Australia are selling it less iron ore, a key ingredient in steel, as China's construction boom slows. Chile is exporting less copper to China. Indonesia is selling it less oil and lumber.
And South Korea's electronics exports have faltered, hampering its growth, as Chinese consumers buy fewer smartphones or choose cheaper domestic alternatives.
China is also cracking down on corruption, which threatens European designer brands. Sung Won Sohn, an economist at California State University's Smith School of Business, estimates that one-third of luxury Swiss watches are exported to China. In addition, China is the fastest-growing market for Mercedes-Benz and BMW.
US automakers, particularly General Motors, also sell lots of cars in China. But nearly all are built in China and don't contribute much to the US economy, Sohn said. That's true of many other US goods sold in China, including electronics. As a result, weaker sales in China wouldn't much hurt the United States. Capital Economics, a forecasting firm, calculates that only 6.5 per cent of US exports go to China - equal to just 0.9 per cent of the US economy.
"It's hard to see a slowdown in China having a really significant impact on the US economy, barring a complete collapse," said Paul Ashworth, an economist at Capital Economics.
The AP surveyed a range of corporate, Wall Street and academic economists from October 24 through 29.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 07:31 (IST)

Cheaper Tomorrow Bank of Japan Battles Entrenched;Deflation Mindset;ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Tokyo: Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda does not need to convince Japanese people like Kazue Shibata that deflation brings problems, but getting them to believe that higher prices will make things better is proving to be a harder sell.
Shibata, 65, who runs a small dress shop in central Tokyo, worries the BOJ's mission to hit a 2-per cent inflation target could end up driving business away unless people also have more money in their pockets.
"If prices rise, people might not buy as much," she said, echoing a concern of many private-sector economists.
On Friday, Kuroda's BOJ doubled down on a high-stakes bet that the central bank can shake Japan's consumers from a defensive set of expectations hardened by a decade and a half of falling prices, lower incomes and stop-and-go growth.
"It's important for the BOJ to strongly commit to achieving its price target to get that price target firmly embedded in people's mindset," Kuroda said at a news conference on Friday, after the BOJ stunned markets with an unexpected expansion of its monetary stimulus programme.
"It won't do much good in trying to shake off the public's deflation mindset if you just say inflation will reach 2 per cent someday," Kuroda said.
At the core of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's "Abenomics" agenda is the assumption that the outlook for sustained inflation will prompt consumers to anticipate rising prices, and that consumption will rise as a result.
That represents a sea change for a country used to deflation, where clinging to cash today meant greater buying power tomorrow, a set of expectations that has proven hard to shake a year-and-a-half into an unprecedented easing by the BOJ.
Japan's economy, which has been hit by four recessions since 2000, is now on track to grow just 0.5 per cent in the year to March, according to a revised projection by the central bank.
Shibata, who has run a shop in Tokyo's Higashi Azabu neighbourhood offering ready-to-wear attire and custom-made items for about three decades, has seen the pain from that kind of slow growth - and falling prices - on her business.
"The prices people were willing to pay for order-made clothes fell, until they were almost the same as ready-to-wear," said Shibata, sitting in a cushioned chair next to her sewing machine.
Been down so long
In announcing its programme of expanded asset purchases, the BOJ stuck with projections that it could hit Kuroda's 2-per cent inflation in the fiscal year beginning next April.
But Japan's annual core consumer inflation slowed for a second straight month in September, adding to scepticism among economists that goal is within reach.
Moreover, the UTokyo Daily Price Index, a gauge maintained by economists at the University of Tokyo that tracks point-of-sales data for as many as 200,000 food items and daily necessities, has trended downwards after a spike in spring linked to a hike in the sales tax. That means that the falling prices people see every day reinforce the kind of "deflation mindset" that Kuroda hopes to break.
Kaoru Sakai, 65, who runs a hair salon in Tokyo's Nakano district, did not raise prices even after the national sales tax was raised to 8 per cent to 5 per cent in April, worried the sticker shock could scare away business.
"The fact is that people don't feel confident about the future," Sakai said. "Our society and economy has tilted people towards lower-end options. For example, it's like people choosing to eat at fast-food places, or standing-only soba shops even when they could, realistically, eat at proper restaurants."
Unless Japanese people see real progress in solving fundamental problems, such as lack of wage growth, a shrinking manufacturing base, and an unsustainable welfare system, many might prefer the problem they know to the one Kuroda hopes will replace it.
Classical economics would argue that consumers should welcome deflation, because it increases their purchasing power, an argument some consumers echo.
"Deflation reflects the underlying economy. Our population is decreasing, production is low and we're not seeing innovation. We are losing power compared with other countries," said Yohei Tanaka, 33, an accountant in Tokyo, who said his salary has not risen since Abe took office in December 2012.
"I don't think this is the time to drive the economy to inflation. I don't think inflation is the end solution. Deflation, in a certain way, is good."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Petrobras: at the car wash© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d34778f6-6340-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC Sets Aside $1.8 Billion for Forex Probe  MisconductYou are here: Home Corporates
HSBC Sets Aside $1.8 Billion for Forex Probe, Misconduct
Reuters | Updated On: November 04, 2014 00:14 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
London: HSBC's profits fell short of expectations in the third quarter after the bank set aside $1.8 billion for misconduct settlements and compensation for customers, including a potential fine for rigging currency markets.
The provision and a jump in HSBC's everyday compliance costs show the impact of regulators' increasing efforts to clamp down on bad behaviour in the global banking industry that contributed to the financial crisis.
HSBC said on Monday it had spent $700 million more this year on compliance and risk than a year ago, and that level of expense looked set to stay, meaning it would miss one of its main cost targets.
"The cost base of a global bank like ourselves is higher than it was before, because ... it includes a significantly higher compliance and regulatory cost than historically the banks had invested in," chief executive Stuart Gulliver said.
"It reflects the fact that standards, foreign policy, etc, all evolve in a world that is a lot less certain than it was 10, 15 years ago."
HSBC's third-quarter underlying earnings fell 12 per cent from a year ago to $4.4 billion, after operating expenses jumped 15 per cent on the year.
That included a $378 million provision for the forex investigation, $701 million to compensate British customers who were mis-sold insurance products and a $550 million settlement in the United States for mis-selling mortgage-backed securities.
Gulliver said the bank was likely to miss a target set out 18 months ago to get costs down to about 55 per cent of revenues by 2016. He said it was more likely to be in the high 50s or near 60 per cent. It was 62.5 per cent so far this year.
HSBC added 1,400 more compliance staff in the third quarter and now had 24,800 staff in risk and compliance, or one in 10 of its employees.
The bank also said it had been summoned to appear before French magistrates over whether its Swiss private bank had helped French citizens to evade tax, and could face a criminal investigation.
"There is quite a bit of upward pressure on costs. It's an honest assessment of where they are, the regulatory cost of being a large global bank is far greater," said Mike Trippitt, analyst at Numis Securities.
Forex fine
HSBC said its forex investigation provision covered "detailed" talks with Britain's financial regulator about alleged manipulation in the $5.3 trillion-a-day forex market.
The talks were in relation to systems and controls in one part of its spot forex business in London, it said. Last month HSBC fired two traders in London, sources said.
It is one of six banks in talks with the regulator to pay about 1.5 billion pounds ($2.4 billion) in a coordinated settlement, sources have said.
HSBC's provision was lower than the 500 million pounds ($799.95 million) set aside by Barclays and 400 million pound provision by Royal Bank of Scotland, which may have also set aside cash for settlements with other authorities.
Banks in Europe and the United States have recently set aside as much as $6.9 billion for possible forex settlements. The forex manipulation relates to daily fixing rates which traders are alleged to have manipulated.
The banking industry has already paid out billions of dollars to settle investigations into a range of activities, and HSBC paid a $1.9 billion fine to U.S. authorities in 2012 for breaking anti-money laundering rules.
It also agreed a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with U.S. authorities at that time, and Mr Gulliver said he did not expect the forex investigation to affect that agreement.
"We don't believe it represents a criminal act that would represent a breach of the DPA," Mr Gulliver told reporters.
US authorities are also examining the forex market allegations and have shown they are able and willing to hand out bigger fines than European watchdogs.
HSBC said the increase in its provision to compensate British customers for payment protection insurance mis-selling - which takes its bill for this to almost $4 billion - was due to a "very significant step up" in claims made by claims management companies in August and September.
The bank's adjusted third-quarter revenues were flat at $15.6 billion, aided by a rise in income at its investment bank, corporate bank and an increase in lending, notably in corporate loans in Hong Kong and Britain, its two "home" markets.
Gulliver said protests in Hong Kong did not change HSBC's view on its business there. "This does not for us represent any moment of reconsideration of our commitment to Hong Kong."
Unlike Asian-focused rival Standard Chartered, which reported a surge in its bad debts in the third quarter, largely due to weak commodity markets, HSBC's loan impairment charges more than halved to $760 million compared to the same period a year ago.
(1 US dollar = 0.6250 British pounds)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

9 Steps To Launching A Social Selling Programreddit
These days small businesses are being bombarded by consultants, pundits and thought leaders telling them they need to get their businesses on social media.
With hardly a moment passing where we aren't told to follow something on Twitter or like a page on Facebook, the proliferation of social has reached epic proportion. With this hyper-awareness comes a certain sense of urgency for most entrepreneurs -- primarily the desire not to miss the ball on social media.
With this in mind, the desire alone doesn't serve much purpose: Companies need to focus on an agenda or goal. One way to do this is using social media to ramp up revenue, specifically through a tactic called "social selling." In the age of Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and what seems like a million other social platforms, the idea of social selling is for companies to use content, social media and traditional communication channels to more successfully sell. (Otherwise, businesses may not be able to keep up with their competition.). Think about it. As social media has evolved, consumer behavior has changed. No longer are they relying on one channel (a sales person) for information, but they are actively seeking out data on the Internet - everything from your products, evaluating your vendors and looking at clients - before making a decision.
And consumers are coming out in droves on social media to find this information. Indeed, there are currently more than 1 billion regular monthly users across social media platforms. And buyers tend to do their research before making a purchase, with the average consumer viewing more than 10 pieces of content prior to making a purchase. Plus, people are much more likely to make a purchase when someone they know (via social) recommends it. Seems like a win-win for businesses - that is if a company implements it correctly.
Here are a few tips to get your business (and customers) invested in social selling:
1. Get your sales team on board. Make sure you introduce them to the premise of social selling. This means spending time mining data and information that helps them understand how social media may help them connect to customers and can lead to sales.
2. Take baby steps. Sales executives often need some simple tactics such as how to use social media or content. I usually recommend a very simple program where the sales execs share three to five pieces of content a week via LinkedIn or email with at least five different customers and prospects. Make sure the customer gets a personalized message that says why the content is being shared and why it matters to the client. I also recommend setting up a follow up in the email that spells out an explicit action, like a follow-up meeting.
3. Show results. Wins don't have to be just sales. I advise clients to track conversations and appointments generated from the tactics I suggested above. For instance, have the sales person mark down responses to their social-selling tactics, coffee or other meetings that they may have led to and then of course any revenue opportunities that can be directly correlated to the efforts.
Once you got you sales team on board, here is how to customers excited about social selling.
4. Have your ear to the ground. Keep an eye out for content that is useful for your clients. Generally the content should be on topic and with some good tips or actionable items. Note that these may also be good for future clients and prospects.
5. Keep track. When you find useful content, it is a good practice to keep an Excel or Word document where you keep the article titles, links and main topic. Also, look to software that can help keep track of metric, like views, clicks and time spent examining the content.
6. Find connections. Look for opportunities to pair the content with specific clients. Keep tabs of this in your document to know what you sent to an individual. Over time you should build an aggregate of useful content that helps provide more clarity to your message and your customer needs.
7. Make it meaningful. Deliver the content with an email and a simple message that helps the customer or prospect understand the topic and why you think it is important. Often referring to a previous conversation where the topic was discussed.
8. Include a call to action. Make sure the client needs to take some sort of step. Some examples include a follow-up call or a meeting, where you can discuss the information.
9. Be consistent. The response rate will likely not be 100 percent but that doesn't mean clients aren't reading it. With so much information out there if you can be the person that consistently delivers solid content then you will be front of mind when buying decisions are being considered and made.
For a visual overview of how to get started with social selling check out this Slide Share.
Follow Daniel Newman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/danielnewmanuv
More:

Wall St. ends nearly flat; semis climbWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

How fatal bureaucracy startsComments
By Lucy Steigerwald November 3
On Sunday afternoon, police in Fort Lauderdale, Florida cited several people for violating a new city ordinance which restricts feeding the homeless without a permit. Among them were two pastors and a 90-year-old man who has been running a charity to help the homeless for more than two decades.
According to the South Florida Sun Sentinel :
Arnold Abbott, who heads the group Love Thy Neighbor, said he had served only three or four of about 300 meals he had prepared when police ordered him to stop
Abbott, the Rev. Mark Sims, of St. Mary Magdalene Episcopal Church in Coral Springs, and the Rev. Dwayne Black, pastor of The Sanctuary Church in Fort Lauderdale, were each cited for willfully violating a city ordinance. Police issued them notices to appear in court, where they could be asked to explain their actions.
The ordinance, approved by the city commission Oct. 22, is one of several recent efforts by officials to crack down on the city’s burgeoning downtown homeless population.
The latest law, which took effect Friday, limits where outdoor feeding sites can be located, requires the permission of property owners and says the groups have to provide portable toilets.
Presumably, explaining their actions is going to include a lot of “do unto others” and nice things like that. Unfortunately, they face up to 60 days and a $500 fine for their charitable mischief.
Florida has hosted this kind of controversy in the past. In June 2011 in Orlando, three members of the charity Food Not Bombs were arrested for passing out food in the park. And according to a homeless advocacy group, at least 21 cities have put into place restrictions on feeding the homeless since the start of 2013 . At least ten others are considering it. The American Civil Liberties Union has fought and continues to fight similar bans all over the country .
This is how fatal bureaucracy comes in — not with a bang, or a whimper, but as a silent, multi-tentacled monster in response to neighborhood complaints. Critics of more laissez-faire policies who swear the homeless would starve or freeze without the hand of the state might look to Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Las Vegas, and other locations and see how kind the government can be to the downtrodden man.
And it’s not just about the vague desire to make sure the parks are shared, and the riff-raff is kept out. Draconian zoning laws also restrict the hand of kindness. Homeless shelters that don’t follow the law as written or which are perhaps more crowded during a deadly cold spell can face shutdowns . Last spring, authorities in Birmingham, Alabama used food truck license laws to stop a pastor from giving out water and food to the homeless. Occupational licensing rules and artificially high barrier to entry into should-be-basic careers also restrict poor people from improving their lot in life.
To point out the wrongness of citing a generous 90-year-old old and two religious people following the tenets of their beliefs more than most people do is not to say that there aren’t fair concerns about homeless individuals. 15 to 30 percent of them are mentally ill . We’ve all seen, and been frightened by someone in public who is not acting rationally. (Not that violating their civil liberties by confining them is a flawless plan, either.) It’s not a mystery why business owners would prefer such people to stay away, or why a parent might be overly concerned about seeing them in the park.   But life isn’t easy, and neither are interactions with poor, mentally ill, or addicted humans, most of whom will do you no harm, and many of whom are sure to be polite, kind, and grateful for even a scrap of help. And with respect to policy – and contrary to the last three decades of the American experience in law and order hysteria — the correct response to every difficult situation is not to treat human beings like vermin, and not to outlaw charity sans proper permits.

Hub bids Boston mayor adieu: Tom Menino believed in underdogsBy Sarah Larimer November 3 Follow @slarimer
Pallbearers from the Boston Police Department carry Tom Menino’s coffin out of Faneuil Hall en route to funeral services in Boston’s Hyde Park on Monday. (Elise Amendola/Associated Press)
Crowds lined the streets of Boston on Monday to pay their respects to Thomas M. Menino, the city’s former mayor who was remembered at his funeral services as a champion of underdogs and a “ people-loving urban mechanic .”
“Tom Menino believed in underdogs,” said the city’s current mayor, Martin J. Walsh, according to the Boston Globe . “He knew what it was to be underestimated. … From a mile away, he could spot someone who needed a boost. He backed them. And when Tom Menino had your back, that’s all you needed.”
Menino, the longest-serving mayor in Boston history, died Thursday at the age of 71 . His funeral, held at the same church where where Menino was baptized , was attended by Vice President Biden, Bill Russell, Bill Clinton and David Ortiz, the Globe reported.
“The relentless, big-hearted, people-loving urban mechanic has gone to fix potholes in heaven,” Walsh said, drawing a few laughs.
Bill Russell, Pedro Martinez, David Ortiz all attended Mayor Menino's funeral. Very classy and respectful. RIP, Mr. Mayor.
— Dan Shaughnessy (@Dan_Shaughnessy) November 3, 2014
#RedSox employees line Yawkey Way as the funeral procession for Mayor Menino passes Fenway Park. #ThankYouMayorMenino pic.twitter.com/YUogCpNKKn
— Boston Red Sox (@RedSox) November 3, 2014
The last line of the program for the honorable Thomas Menino's funeral. It begins at noon. pic.twitter.com/c7C9AlScm1
— Jonathan Hall (@JHall7news) November 3, 2014
“Tom Menino, thank you for being my friend, for making time for the meek as well as the mighty, for coaching this newcomer as you have so many others, and for the exceptional example of honest public service not just as the job you did, but the man you were,” said Gov. Deval Patrick . “May God rest your soul and give peace and comfort to all of us.”
Thank you Mayor Menino. You were a shining example of what it means to love and serve the people in your community. Rest in peace. -mc
— Martha Coakley (@marthacoakley) November 3, 2014
RELATED:
Former president Bill Clinton embraces Angela Menino, widow of former Boston Mayor Tom Menino, as they leave Faneuil Hall en route to funeral services in Boston’s Hyde Park. (Elise Amendola/Associated Press)
Mourners line the street outside City Hall in Boston on Monday. (Elise Amendola/Associated Press)
David Ortiz arrives at the funeral for former Boston Mayor Thomas Menino. (Jessica Rinaldi/The Boston Globe via AP)
The hearse bearing the body of former Boston mayor Thomas Menino passes City Hall in Boston. (Elise Amendola/Associated Press)
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Stryker to Pay $1.43B to Settle Hip Implant CasesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

US Investigating Honda for Incomplete ReportsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Judge Won t Block Honeywell Health ScreeningsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Red wines healthy ingredient might limit exercise benefits  study findsBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 3 Follow @arianaeunjung
(Roman Sigaev/Alamy)
Milk is good for your bones. Except when it’s not. Taking Vitamin C may help protect against colds. Except when it doesn’t.
Keeping up with the latest headlines on nutrition research is enough to give the average person whiplash. With each new study comes new understanding about how what we eat affects our bodies, but often the results can create confusion about how to modify our own diets.
The latest wrinkle has to do with red wine.
Resveratrol, found in the skin of red grapes, has long been revered as a magical compound in red wine that is believed to have numerous health effects such as lowering blood pressure and helping prevent heart attacks. There has been so much enthusiasm for the substance in recent years that some companies have been selling resveratrol supplements in health stores as a way to enhance the effects of exercise.
But a new study, published in the journal Applied Physiology, Nutrition and Metabolism, raises questions about that theory. Researchers subjected two groups of patients to high-intensity interval training for four weeks, with one group taking resveratrol while the other was given a placebo. They found that those who took the supplement did not see as many benefits from the physical activity as those who had a placebo.
While the study was small — there were 16 participants — researcher Brendon Gurd, a professor in the School of Kinesiology and Health Studies at Queens University in Canada, noted in a news release that it's clear that more research needs to be done on this phenomenon. He said his team found that resveratrol somehow appears to “inhibit the body’s normal training response.”
“RSV supplementation doesn’t augment training,” he said, “but may impair the effect it has on the body.”
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

article for the Financial TimesTech groups aid terror, says UK spy chief
Sam Jones and Murad Ahmed in London
More video
The new chief of Britain’s electronic spying agency, GCHQ, has accused US technology companies of becoming “the command and control networks of choice” for terrorists in a broadside against Silicon Valley in his first week in office.
In an article for the Financial Times, Robert Hannigan, the new director of GCHQ , accuses some US tech companies of being “in denial” about the misuse of their services even as he calls for them to work more closely with intelligence agencies.
“However much they may dislike it, they have become the command and control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us.”
More
Judge overturns ban on books sent to jails
Most internet users, he adds, “would be comfortable with a better and more sustainable relationship between the [intelligence] agencies and the tech companies”.
His remarks underscore growing tensions in the western intelligence community as internet companies have moved to protect their brands one year after the revelations by the whistleblower Edward Snowden . His dispersal of a vast trove of classified intelligence material exposed mass electronic US and UK surveillance activities to the world in June last year.
“The challenge to governments and to the intelligence agencies is huge,” Mr Hannigan writes, describing the post-Snowden digital tactics used by jihadis such as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (known as Isis) as a milestone in the development of the internet.
GCHQ and its sister agencies MI5 and SIS (the UK’s domestic and international intelligence agencies) “cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support . . . including [from] the largest US tech companies which dominate the web.”
An eruption of extremist jihadi material online as well as evermore sophisticated methods of encrypting and disguising important communications between terrorists have left western intelligence agencies scrambling to maintain their surveillance capabilities amid the most worrisome rise in violent jihadism since the World Trade Center attacks.
Isis fighters are prolific users of dozens of different social media platforms : from the well known such as Twitter and YouTube to the more specialised such as JustPaste.it or Russia’s VKontakte. Many modish communications platforms, such as the free text-messaging service WhatsApp, have become an integrated part of the Isis command structure: the app is one of several used by anonymous military commanders of Isis to disseminate instructions to its fighters in the field.
Robert Hannigan: Web is terrorist’s command-and-control network of choice
People do not want social media platforms to facilitate murder, writes new GCHQ chief
Many large internet companies have continued to adhere to requests for information from US spymasters, particularly the National Security Agency, according to security officials. But GCHQ’s intelligence-collection abilities have become “much harder” in the past 18 months, British security officials say, as US technology companies have become less co-operative with foreign intelligence agencies, even those such as the UK that work intimately with US authorities.
Three UK security officials said that US technology companies such as Google and Facebook have curbed the ability of UK intelligence to tap valuable electronic data in the wake of the Snowden leaks. “The UK has had the most to lose [from Snowden],” said one.
The UK government’s position has shifted substantially over the past year: six months ago politicians ruled out new legislation to compel internet companies to grant GCHQ access, but now many in Westminster are minded to draft new laws.
Mr Hannigan’s decision to go public with his critique will be seen as reflecting the intensity of the government’s concern. GCHQ has long been known as the most secretive of the UK’s three intelligence agencies. Sir Iain Lobban, Mr Hannigan’s predecessor, became the first director to speak publicly when he testified before parliament in the wake of the Snowden leaks last year.
Technology industry insiders expressed alarm at the idea of creating “better arrangements” to share user information – as Mr Hannigan calls for in his opinion piece.
One senior executive at a US tech group said any agreement to circumvent the current process, which requires law-enforcement groups to seek a court order before a company hands over data, would be “eliminating due process and that could be a dangerous situation”.
“What should we do if the Saudi or Russian government also demanded information be handed over on the spot?” he said.
Another industry insider said it was for the government to legislate on the rules for internet surveillance, rather than for the UK intelligence groups to “cajole” tech companies into handing over sensitive information. “We don’t believe in creating back doors,” they said.
Companies including Google, Yahoo , Facebook and Microsoft have consistently denied they have granted access to their systems to intelligence services, in response to revelations that US and UK security agencies were able to tap into the internal networks of America’s leading tech companies.
Many have also released transparency reports showing how many times they have received requests for user data from governments around the world. Executives said that these show that, in the UK, tech groups have been complying with official requests for data in greater numbers than ever before.
In other areas tech companies have enhanced co-operation with British authorities in tackling extremist content online, too.
Google’s video-sharing site YouTube allows its “community” of users to flag inappropriate content – including videos of beheadings conducted by Isis – in order for them to be taken down. The Home Office has been granted permissions as a “trusted flagger” of YouTube videos, allowing civil servants to request clips be taken down en masse, one of the reasons that it is rare to find graphic videos of beheadings on the site.
Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft declined to comment.
This article has been re-edited since publication
Related Topics

Chandrababu Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between AP  TelanganaUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:12 IST
Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between A.P., Telangana
PTI
Special Arrangement A file photo of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at the Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad.
TOPICS
politics
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday held a meeting with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad reportedly over the high-handed behaviour of the Telangana government on many issues, including the Krishna water dispute and funds in Labour Department.
Though there is no official communication on what transpired at the 30-minute meeting, sources said the Chief Minister complained about the ‘misdeeds’ of the Telangana government in the recent days, including the Srisailam water row and the dispute over funds in Labour Department.
He also reportedly discussed about the institutions and organisations listed in Schedule IX and X of the A.P. Reorganisation Act and those that have not been included in any Schedule that have become a bone of contention between the two States with the Telangana government unilaterally going ahead with their division.
The Chief Minister reportedly explained to the Governor the Telangana government’s repeated violation of the Krishna River Management Board’s orders issued from time to time on utilisation of water at Srisailam reservoir for power generation.
Though the situation was “very precarious” due to shortage of over 78 tmc ft. of water in river Krishna this season, the Telangana government was adamantly generating power at the Srisailam Left Power House and letting out water into the sea.
Regarding the Labour Department, the Mr. Naidu reportedly lodged a strong protest with the Governor over the Telangana government’s high-handed actions in booking cases against higher officials of the A.P. government and the threat issued to banks asking them to freeze accounts of the department.
The Chief Minister gave a detailed account of funds pertaining to the Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board and the unnecessary dispute being created by the Telangana government over it.
“There is no diversion of funds as being made out by Telangana. In fact, our money is still lying in banks in Telangana,” Mr. Naidu reportedly said.
The A.P. Chief Minister sought the Governor’s intervention to rein in the Telangana government and ensure effective implementation of the Reorganisation Act.
Mr. Naidu will visit New Delhi on November 6 and 7 to meet Union Ministers and report the Telangana government’s illegal acts to the Centre.
A.P. Chief Secretary I.Y.R. Krishna Rao is also preparing a report in this regard, which he will submit to Union Cabinet Secretary and Home Secretary on November 7.

looked into the impact of shift workAre we ignoring our body clocks? Watch
Working antisocial hours can prematurely age the brain and dull intellectual ability, scientists warn.
Their study, in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine , suggested a decade of shifts aged the brain by more than six years.
There was some recovery after people stopped working antisocial shifts, but it took five years to return to normal.
Experts say the findings could be important in dementia, as many patients have disrupted sleep.
The body's internal clock is designed for us to be active in the day and asleep at night.
The damaging effects on the body of working against the body clock, from breast cancer to obesity, are well known.
Now a team at the University of Swansea and the University of Toulouse has shown an impact on the mind as well.
Three thousand people in France performed tests of memory, speed of thought and wider cognitive ability.
The brain naturally declines as we age, but the researchers said working antisocial shifts accelerated the process.
Those with more than 10 years of shift work under their belts had the same results as someone six and a half years older.
The good news is that when people in the study quit shift work, their brains did recover. Even if it took five years.
'Substantial decline'
Dr Philip Tucker explains how shift work impairs cognitive performance
Dr Philip Tucker, part of the research team in Swansea, told the BBC: "It was quite a substantial decline in brain function, it is likely that when people trying to undertake complex cognitive tasks then they might make more mistakes and slip-ups, maybe one in 100 makes a mistake with a very large consequence, but it's hard to say how big a difference it would make in day-to-day life."
He said he would not do night shifts "if I could possibly help it" but they were a "necessary evil" that society could not do without.
"There are ways to mitigate the effects in the way you design work schedules and regular medical check-ups... should include cognitive performance tests to look for danger signs," he added.
Dr Michael Hastings, from the UK Medical Research Council's Laboratory of Molecular Biology, told the BBC: "The reversibility is a really exciting finding because no-one else has shown it and no matter how compromised a person may be there's always hope of recovery."
He said the findings may have important consequences in dementia, which is known to damage sleeping patterns in a similar way to shift work.
"If you can keep the sleep-wake cycle as solid as possible you're unlikely to reverse neurodegeneration, but you can ameliorate one of the consequences.
"In nursing homes one thing you can do to help is to set a very clear daily routine to encourage a sensible 24-hour pattern of activity; it needs bright lights in the day, resting at night and appropriate medication such as melatonin before bed."
Prof Derk-Jan Dijk, from the Surrey Sleep Centre, cautioned that retired shift workers still had lower sleep quality than people who had never done nights.
"So some of these effects may not be so readily or rapidly reversed."
He added: "We now accept that shift work may not be good for your physical health, but this shows your brain function is affected, and I think that finding will surprise many people."
More on This Story

results can be found hereABF annual results for 52 weeks ended 13 Sept 2014
RNS Number : 0238W
For release 4 November 2014
 
Associated British Foods plc results for 52 weeks ended 13 September 2014
 
ABF delivers 6% earnings growth
 
·     Adjusted profit before tax up 2% to £1,105m**
·     Adjusted earnings per share up 6% to 104.1p**
·     Dividends per share up 6% to 34.0p
·     Net capital investment of £691m
·     Net debt reduced to £446m
·     Operating profit down 1% to £1,080m, profit before tax up 18% to £1,020m and basic earnings per share up 30% to 96.5p
 
George Weston, Chief Executive of Associated British Foods, said:
 
"I am pleased to report growth of 6% in adjusted earnings per share.  Significant progress was achieved in operating profit by Grocery, Agriculture, Ingredients and Primark, all of which substantially out-performed last year.  Primark's trading success and significant expansion delivered another magnificent year.  Much lower sugar prices in the EU held back the group's profit growth although, operationally, Sugar performed well."
 
before amortisation of non-operating intangibles, and profits less losses on disposal of non-current assets.
**
before amortisation of non-operating intangibles, profits less losses on disposal of non-current assets, and profits less losses on the sale and closure of businesses.
All adjustments to profit measures are shown on the face of the consolidated income statement.
1
Constant currency is derived by translating the 2013 results at 2014 average exchange rates.
For further information please contact:
Until 15.00 only
Flic Howard-Allen, Head of External Affairs
Tel: 020 7638 9571
Chris Barrie, Angharad Couch, Eleni Menikou
Tel: 020 7638 9571
Flic Howard-Allen, Head of External Affairs
Tel: 020 7399 6500
 
 
Associated British Foods is a diversified international food, ingredients and retail group with sales of £12.9bn and 118,000 employees in 47 countries.  It has significant businesses in Europe, southern Africa, the Americas, China and Australia.
 
Our aim is to achieve strong, sustainable leadership positions in markets that offer potential for profitable growth.  We look to achieve this through a combination of growth of existing businesses, acquisition of complementary new businesses and achievement of high levels of operating efficiency.
 
Prior year restatement
 
The results for the year ended 14 September 2013 have been restated upon adoption of IAS19 Employee Benefits Revised.  The impact of this restatement on the income statement and segmental analysis is summarised below together with adjustments to reflect the merger, in 2014, of the activities of AB Mauri's yeast and bakery ingredients businesses in Australia and New Zealand with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods, and a small disposal made in the year ended 13 September 2014, the details of which are provided on page 30.
 
Year ended 14 September 2013
restated
Adjusted operating profit from   continuing businesses (£m)
 
Adjusted profit before tax (£m)
1,088
Adjusted earnings per share (p)
98.1
The IAS19 adjustments only affect the United Kingdom geographic segment.
The transfers and disposals all arise in the Asia Pacific segment.
 
FOR THE 52 WEEKS ENDED 13 SEPTEMBER 2014
 
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
I am pleased to report growth of 6% in adjusted earnings per share for the financial year.  Significant progress was achieved in operating profit by Grocery, Agriculture, Ingredients and Primark, all of which substantially outperformed last year.  Much lower sugar prices in the EU held back the group's profit growth although, operationally, Sugar performed well.  Earnings also benefited from the strength of the group's balance sheet and effective cash management which resulted in a much lower interest charge than last year. 
 
The financial year was characterised by price deflation in many food commodities and a strengthening of sterling against our major trading currencies.  The impact of this is evident in the lower revenues of our food businesses and, in this context, the profit growth in Grocery, Agriculture and Ingredients is all the more impressive.  Grocery margin advanced with strong performances from Twinings Ovaltine and ACH Foods in the US and Mexico, and a further recovery in the bakery and meat businesses of George Weston Foods in Australia.  Our yeast and bakery ingredients business, AB Mauri, is achieving a strong turnaround from the challenges of recent years with the promise of further improvement to come.  AB Agri achieved another record result.
 
Primark had another magnificent year, increasing profit by 30% at constant currency and adding a net 1.2 million sq ft of selling space taking our total estate to over 10 million sq ft at the financial year end.  Our highly successful entry into France this year brings the number of countries in which Primark operates to nine.  Primark has now developed experience in establishing the brand in new markets and has achieved considerable trading success in each of them.  We recently announced that the next new market would be in the north-east of the US, with the first stores expected to open late in 2015 and with up to 10 stores by the end of 2016.
 
The results of our sugar operations reflect a major fall in EU sugar prices and a very low world sugar price.  Looking back to 2011/12, a shortage of sugar available for sale in the EU and relatively high world prices at the time drove EU prices to very high levels which clearly benefited our Sugar profit in that year.  This was exceptional.  Since then more sugar has become available, sugar stocks in the EU have risen, the European Commission has confirmed the abolition of sugar quotas from October 2017, and world sugar prices have declined dramatically.  We have seen increased competition as European producers position themselves for a post-quota market.  This has driven a fall in prices which we expect to continue in 2015.  We anticipate restructuring in the European sugar industry and, as the high stock levels are liquidated, we expect to see volatility in market prices.  This structural change is painful, but AB Sugar has risen to challenges of this nature before, and does so this time with a programme of continuous performance improvement.  We are one of the most efficient producers in the EU and will continue to take the necessary action to ensure that we are well placed to operate in the post-quota environment.
 
We have a good track record of investing for the long term and this year was no exception with net capital investment of £691m, up from £600m last year.  The higher level of capital expenditure was driven by a larger number of new Primark stores opened, or still to open but in the process of fit- out, during the year.  The five-year investment programme at Allied Bakeries to create a state-of-the-art baking capability across the UK is now substantially complete and ensures the reliable supply of high quality bread to our customers.  This programme also sets a new benchmark for standards of food safety in the bakery sector and has enhanced safety in our workplace.
 
Cash flow was again stronger than the previous year driven by a working capital inflow more than offsetting the increase in net capital investment.  Net debt at the year end was £358m lower than last year at £446m.  With the group's cash generating ability, the lower net debt and the committed borrowing facilities available, we have the capacity to meet our growth ambitions for the foreseeable future.
 
Corporate responsibility
 
Last year we published a comprehensive Corporate Responsibility Report which outlined the close alignment between our values and good business practice, and highlighted our commitment to improving productivity and reducing waste.  This report was well received by all of our stakeholders and updates are now available to reflect the achievements of the last 12 months.  The report is available online at www.abf.co.uk/responsibility.  Of particular note is the further progress Primark has made in its ethical trade programme with an enlarged team of specialists, now located in seven countries, which is critical to supporting sustainable improvements within supplier factories.  As a responsible business, AB Sugar is actively contributing to the debate about the role that sugar can play as part of a healthy, balanced diet with its Making Sense of Sugar campaign.  The board remains committed to the highest ethical standards across the group.
 
The board
 
The Senior Independent Director, Tim Clarke, was appointed to the board in 2004 and, in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, having completed nine years' service, his independence must be confirmed annually by the rest of the board.  This having been done, we are delighted that Tim has agreed to continue as a member of the board and as the Senior Independent Director.
 
Three other independent directors will complete nine years on the board in 2015 and 2016.  To avoid the possibility of a significant loss of experience in a short period we have temporarily expanded the board.  Ruth Cairnie was appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 1 May 2014.  Ruth was recently Executive Vice President Strategy & Planning at Royal Dutch Shell plc where she had also held a number of senior commercial roles gaining experience in European and emerging markets.  We very much look forward to Ruth's participation in the board's deliberations.
 
Employees
 
I would like to thank all our employees for their contribution to the group's success in the past year.  Operational improvements have underpinned the increased profitability in Grocery and Ingredients, and have become part of everyday business at AB Sugar.  Together with the excellent performances from Agriculture and Primark these results are a tribute to the dedication and commitment of our employees.
 
Dividends
 
I am pleased to report that a final dividend of 24.3p is proposed, to be paid on 9 January 2015 to shareholders on the register on 12 December 2014.  Together with the interim dividend of 9.7p paid on 4 July 2014, this will make a total of 34.0p for the year, an increase of 6%.
 
Outlook
 
In the coming year, we expect Primark's expansion to continue and Grocery, Ingredients and Agriculture to make further progress.  With the continuing fall in EU sugar prices, and volatility in the world sugar price, we expect a further large reduction in profit from AB Sugar, but this will put much of the effect of the structural changes in EU prices behind us.  At this early stage we expect a marginal decline in adjusted operating profit for the group but the impact on earnings will be mitigated by much lower tax and interest charges.  We therefore see limited opportunity to grow adjusted earnings per share in the new financial year.  With the strength of the group's balance sheet and strong cash generation, we have every reason to be confident of further progress for the group thereafter. 
 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT
 
The delivery of an adjusted operating profit for the group in line with last year reflects the considerable achievement of all of our businesses in a year when EU sugar prices declined substantially.
This financial year saw sterling strengthen against all of our major trading currencies and particularly those in emerging markets.  Group revenue declined by 3% to £12.9bn but at constant currency actually increased by 1%.  Adjusted operating profit was 1% lower at £1,163m but increased by 2% at constant currency.  Currency movements have had a significant impact on our business segments this year and in order to understand the underlying operating performance of each of them, we have referred to the year-on-year changes at constant currency. 
A key influence on this year's performance has been the impact on our food businesses of price deflation in some of our major commodities.  The prices of wheat, barley, corn oil and rice all fell during the year.  World sugar prices have also fallen and, as discussed elsewhere in this report, we are in the midst of a structural change in EU sugar prices.  As a consequence the growth in revenues achieved by our food businesses in recent years has not been sustained this year.  It is against this background that I am pleased with the profit and margin improvements delivered by Agriculture, Grocery and Ingredients.
Operationally AB Sugar had an excellent year with good factory performances and further substantial cost reductions from the performance improvement programmes which are well embedded in each of the businesses.  We expect EU prices to fall further during the coming year, but remain confident that our well-invested sugar assets position us amongst the world's lowest-cost sugar producers.  
At Primark, a strong store opening programme, excellent buying, and higher sales densities in our new stores, all came together to drive revenues to within a fraction of £5bn with a further improvement in margin.   As well as expanding in our more established UK market we also opened large stores in a number of major cities across Europe, including Lisbon, Madrid, Berlin, Cologne, Dusseldorf and Vienna.  This year saw the opening of our first stores in France, firstly in Marseille quickly followed by Dijon and then three stores in the suburbs of Paris.  We were delighted by the success of these French stores, both for the size of the crowds on opening days, which were overwhelming, but more importantly for the tremendous customer enthusiasm for Primark, in very different cities, which was sustained throughout the rest of the year.
Primark's response to the Rana Plaza disaster in Bangladesh in 2013, has been extensive.  In addition to the payment of compensation to the victims and their families, Primark was a founding signatory to the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh.  This Accord is a contract between over 150 apparel brands and retailers, international and local trade unions and NGOs, which are committed to carrying out factory inspections and improving working conditions in the Bangladesh garment industry.  Primark carried out building surveys in Bangladesh to assess the structural integrity of all of the 80 factories from which we source garments.  These structural assessments will be extended to other countries shortly.   
Grocery made very good progress with profit and margin well ahead of last year.  Twinings Ovaltine had another excellent year, both in the UK and overseas, and trading was much improved at ACH Foods in the US and Mexico.  The recovery in profitability at George Weston Foods in Australia was well established this year.  AB Agri deserves credit for the further development of the business, particularly for the strides made by AB Vista as it extends its global customer reach.  Profit in Ingredients recovered strongly this year as the new management team at AB Mauri, our yeast and bakery ingredients business, made significant progress in reducing the cost base, restructuring operations and integrating the newly acquired European bakery ingredients business.  
Our businesses are encouraged to take advantage of the technical skills, geographical presence, capabilities and experience that are available elsewhere in the group, in the development of their own operations.  This Operating Review showcases some examples of our success in leveraging the benefits of being part of a larger group, an illustration of which was the collaboration between our enzymes, cereal extrusion and Agri businesses to deliver the new cereal extrusions factory at Evansville in the US which would not have been achieved by any of the individual businesses on their own.
 
Return on average capital employed
10.5%
23.3%
 
Revenue and adjusted operating profit for AB Sugar were substantially lower than last year driven by declining sugar prices, lower volumes and adverse currency translation.  The price and volume effects were predominantly seen in Europe where prices were driven down by increased market competition as our competitors seek to establish new market positions ahead of the removal of quotas in 2017, and by a desire to reduce quota stock levels across the EU which have been higher than normal.  The world sugar price, which has more of an impact on EU exports and our Chinese business, was low, and fell further, throughout the year but we consider this to be unsustainable given that it is markedly below the global average cost of production. 
 
Our sugar businesses have been actively engaged in performance improvement programmes for a number of years.  All businesses have undertaken a review of overheads, substantial reductions have already been delivered and the programmes are continuing.  These are aimed at extending our cost leadership in all regions to ensure that AB Sugar is well positioned as a globally competitive producer. 
 
British Sugar produced 1.32 million tonnes of sugar compared with 1.15 million tonnes last year.  Good growing conditions extended into the mild winter resulting in higher beet yields and sugar content than last year.  All UK factories performed well with further progress achieved in performance improvement initiatives and in health, safety and environmental metrics. 
 
The crop for the 2014/15 campaign has benefited from excellent growing conditions, with every indication that it will be much larger than that processed in the previous year.  The new campaign has started well with production ahead of schedule and with our Newark and Wissington factories already exceeding daily beet throughput records.  This larger crop will provide the opportunity to confirm our ability to process the higher volumes that we expect to become the norm in a post-quota environment.
 
The beet price payable to growers for the 2014/15 crop was agreed in summer 2013, at a substantial increase over the price for the year under review, and at an increased cost to British Sugar of some £30m.  Negotiations for delivered beet costs for the 2015/16 campaign have now been concluded with a reduction of some 20% on the previous year.  This will make a major contribution to ensuring a more sustainable UK beet sugar industry reflective of the new commercial environment for EU sugar.
 
In Spain, sugar beet volumes were lower than last year with a larger crop area in the south not compensating for a reduction in the area planted in the north due to waterlogged fields during the spring.  As a consequence, total beet sugar production was 338,000 tonnes, down from 405,000 tonnes in the previous year.  200,000 tonnes of imported raw sugar was refined at Guadalete and a further 59,000 tonnes was co-refined at the northern beet plants supplementing the beet sugar production and minimising logistics costs to market.
 
Contract negotiations with our EU customers for the 2014/15 marketing year are proving to be as challenging as last year.  There are high stocks of sugar in the EU, competition continues to be intense and both of these factors have continued to drive EU prices downward.  In response to this difficult commercial environment we have undertaken a review of our cost base and a provision of £22m for the cost of overhead reduction has been charged to adjusted operating profit this year.
 
After a complex commissioning process, production volumes at the Vivergo biofuels plant increased significantly this year.  Although inclusion levels of ethanol in gasoline continued to rise in the EU year-on-year, gasoline consumption has fallen which has led to lower prices.  Vivergo sustained a loss this year but further enhancements to the plant in the new financial year will improve reliability and throughputs are expected to meet or exceed rated capacity.  Combined with lower wheat prices the profitability of Vivergo is therefore expected to improve.
 
Profit at Illovo saw some reduction.  Sugar production of 1.70 million tonnes this financial year compared with 1.87 million tonnes last year, primarily as a result of lower production in Zambia and Swaziland where the phasing of the campaign is slightly later than last year.  Domestic pricing increased in line with local inflation with the exception of Tanzania and South Africa which were affected by low-cost imports.  However, import tariffs have now been introduced in South Africa which has resulted in some improvement in local pricing. The profitability of exports of raw sugar to the EU market under preferential import arrangements was adversely affected by the lower pricing in that market.  Co-product contribution, which is of growing importance to Illovo, increased this year with the successful operation of the new potable alcohol distillery in Tanzania.
 
In China, profitability has improved with the implementation of a number of overhead reduction and efficiency initiatives.  In the south, excellent growing conditions and a higher sugar content in the cane resulted in an increase in sugar production from 500,000 tonnes last year to 560,000 tonnes this year.  However, flooding in Heilongjiang province led to a reduction in beet supplied to our factories which resulted in much lower sugar production in the north, at 116,000 tonnes.  The campaigns at Qianqi and Zhangbei were excellent with good factory throughput and a high sugar content in the beet following our success in working with the growers over a number of years.
A significant level of imports and increased domestic production resulted in very low domestic prices throughout the year. 
 
Return on average capital employed
17.3%
16.4%
 
AB Agri had another excellent year with adjusted operating profit 11% ahead of last year at constant currency.  The decline in revenue reflected lower wheat and other commodity costs.  However, cash margins in UK feed were maintained and the profit growth was delivered by the higher margin businesses.
 
The wet winter in the UK, particularly in the west country, adversely impacted livestock farming but excellent forage growing conditions during a dry spring and summer, as well as a softening commodity market, led to a period of more stable prices and increased confidence amongst farmers.  UK feed volumes remained resilient.  Oversupply in the UK poultry market depressed prices during the summer but the market is now beginning to stabilise. 
 
Strong growth was achieved by AB Vista driven by the success of Quantum Blue, its phytase feed enzyme, notably in Latin America and the Middle East but also in the EU where it was launched recently following its approval by the European Food Safety Authority.  The new granulation facility at Evansville, Indiana, is operating successfully providing additional capacity to meet the increasing demand for these enzymes.
 
Good commercial and procurement management drove a strong performance at Speciality Nutrition, our UK pre-mix and starter feeds business.  Expansion and modernisation of its plant at Rugeley enabled the business to meet increasingly stringent customer demands for high-quality pre-mixes.  AB Sustain's responsible sourcing programme achieved growth during the year and this programme has now been extended into overseas markets.
 
AB Agri China maintained margins through good procurement and a favourable product mix.  Consumer demand for meat in China continues to grow with a particular need to ensure reliable and high-quality sources.  As meat production in China therefore transitions from small, family-run concerns towards large-scale commercial operations, there is increasing demand for high-quality feed supplied by modern, efficient feed mills.  Construction and commissioning of our new feed mill at Zhenlai was completed to plan in August and good progress is being made with construction of a mill at Rudong, both of which will supply these large, integrated meat processors.
 
Profit at Frontier was ahead of last year.  Fine weather during the planting seasons saw strong demand for cereal and rape seed and the growing conditions of a mild winter and warm spring drove demand for crop inputs such as fungicides.  Encouragingly, the warm dry summer resulted in an early wheat harvest of excellent yield and quality.
 
Return on average capital employed
33.2%
26.0%
 
Sales at Primark were 17% ahead of last year at constant currency.  This excellent result was driven by an increase in retail selling space, like-for-like sales growth of 4%, and superior sales densities in the new stores.  The year was characterised by success for our autumn/winter and spring/summer ranges.  Sales over the Christmas period were excellent and were boosted in the third quarter by warm weather, especially in the spring and early summer.  We began trading in France in December last year and sales across all five stores have been exceptional.  Eight years on from our initial entry into Iberia, this year's like-for-like growth achieved by our Spanish stores was particularly strong. 
 
The adjusted operating profit margin in the first half was higher than last year reflecting the benefit of warehouse and distribution efficiencies and lower freight rates.  These benefits continued in the second half and, with strong trading over the summer resulting in a lower level of markdowns, the margin for the full year reached 13.4%.  This lower level of markdowns was a consequence of a strengthening of our buying and merchandising teams and the success of our seasonal range. 
 
In the immediate aftermath of last year's collapse of Rana Plaza in Bangladesh, Primark committed to meeting its responsibilities in full and to paying long-term compensation to the workers employed by its supplier or their dependants.  We began making these long-term payments in March 2014 and, throughout the process, we have provided broadly based support.  Primark also paid short-term aid to the families of all the workers employed at Rana Plaza, most of whom were making clothes for its competitors.  Primark's total commitment amounts to US$12m, of which US$7m was provided in last year's results and US$5m has been charged this year.  
The safety of the staff employed by our suppliers is a high priority.  We have now undertaken structural assessments of all of our supplier factories in Bangladesh.  We further strengthened our in-country teams of ethical trading specialists who are critical in supporting sustainable improvements within supplier factories, and providing greater visibility across the supply chain.  We conducted 2,058 audits in the last calendar year, and ethical trade training continues to be provided to every new Primark employee.  We intend to extend our programme of structural assessments to include factories producing for us outside Bangladesh.
 
The pace of selling space expansion quickened further this year with the gross addition of 1.4 million sq ft.  We relocated three stores, extended three stores and opened in 25 new locations.  It is perhaps worth putting this growth into context - in the year 2000 when we opened our 100th store after 31 years of trading, the entire estate was just 1.4 million sq ft and now, 14 years later, the estate is seven times larger.  This year saw the entry of Primark into France where we now have five stores: Marseille, Dijon and three in the suburbs of Paris.  We closed seven smaller stores, primarily where larger, better located, premises became available in the same city, resulting in a net increase in selling space of 1.2 million sq ft.  This brings our total estate to 278 stores and 10.2 million sq ft at the financial year end. 
 
Responding to the increasing scale of our business in continental Europe, we doubled the size of our warehouse in Torija, Spain this summer and the Mönchengladbach warehouse in Germany, which services the stores in northern Europe, is being extended by 60% and will become fully operational early in 2015.
 
+13%
 
We have a very strong pipeline of new stores in Europe extending over a number of years.  We have already opened five new stores since the year end: one in Portugal, two in the Netherlands and two in Germany, with a further five scheduled to open before Christmas including a relocation in Northampton to a store more than three times the size.  We expect the increase in selling space for the financial year to be a little less than 1.0 million sq ft, to be followed in the autumn of 2015 by a strong programme of European openings.
 
We have announced that,after extensive research, we have decided to take Primark to consumers in the north-east of the US.  We have chosen stores which are located close to areas of high urban density and which benefit from high levels of existing customer footfall.  Our strategy is to generate interest in, and awareness of, the Primark brand.  A lease for some 70,000 sq ft of selling space at Downtown Crossing in the heart of Boston, Massachusetts was signed in April and we expect this store to open in late 2015.  We have subsequently signed the lease of a further seven stores in this region including an 80,000 sq ft store in the King of Prussia shopping mall in Pennsylvania, one of the busiest in the US.  We intend that all eight stores will be trading from 0.5 million sq ft by late 2016.  These stores will be supported by leased warehousing.
 
Return on average capital employed
20.8%
16.9%
 
Grocery operating profit increased by 24% at constant currency with George Weston Foods in Australia, ACH Foods in the US and Twinings Ovaltine all well ahead of last year.  Revenues were level with last year at constant currency and were held back by lower food commodity prices.
 
Twinings Ovaltine delivered strong revenue growth in tea with record market shares achieved in each of its four largest markets.  Growth was achieved in all categories in the UK led by excellent progress in green teas and infusions, and we remain the fastest growing tea brand in the US.  Ovaltine again performed well in its developing markets, particularly Brazil, where the brand was supported by a new advertising campaign, in south east Asia, and in Nigeria where our new Ovaltine packing plant is now fully operational.  Tea manufacturing conversion costs were lower than last year with the benefit of higher volumes, further improvements in operating efficiency at the factory in Poland and more high-speed packing equipment at Andover. 
 
At Allied Bakeries, revenues and profit were ahead of last year with higher branded sales and an increase in market share.  Successful new products this year included Kingsmill Great White, a white bread with as much fibre as a wholemeal loaf, which was launched in February supported by an in-store marketing campaign and television advertising.   New re-sealable packaging with a refreshed design drove further growth of Kingsmill wraps, and towards the end of the year we launched Sandwich Thins which are proving very popular.  Following its relaunch last year, the Allinson brand received further national advertising support this year and achieved further growth.  The five-year capital investment programme to upgrade our UK bakeries is almost at an end with completion of the modernisation of the Glasgow bakery during the year and the installation of a new bread plant in Stevenage which is due to be commissioned in November.  The proposed closure of the Orpington bakery was announced in August with employee consultation nearing conclusion.
 
Silver Spoon's revenue and profitability was well below last year reflecting an especially competitive year for the UK packed sugar market which saw the loss of a number of granulated sugar contracts.  This was mitigated in part by a reduction in overheads at the Bury packaging plant.  New product launches resulted in Truvia growing its share of the stevia sweeteners market and, in the home baking sector, Allinson maintained its position as the leading bread flour brand following last year's relaunch. 
 
Revenue and profit at Jordans and Ryvita were ahead of last year with good growth in our international business, particularly in France, Canada and Australia.  The new Ryvita Thins line at the Poole factory yielded improvements in production efficiency and product quality, enabling supply to keep pace with substantially increased demand.  On 20 October, after clearance from the Competition and Markets Authority, we completed the acquisition of Dorset Cereals.  This premium brand, with particular strength in the growing Muesli sector, will complement our existing Jordans cereals and Ryvita crispbread brands.  We intend to maintain Dorset Cereals' existing production facility in Poundbury, Dorset.
 
AB World Foods achieved revenue growth in the UK for Patak's and Blue Dragon which are, respectively, the largest Indian and Oriental ambient food brands.  Both brands also performed well internationally, particularly in Canada where social media campaigns to coincide with ethnic festivals proved to be an effective way of promoting awareness of the product range.  The core brands of Westmill Foods, Lucky Boat noodles and Elephant Atta flour, both achieved further growth and, towards the end of the year, we relaunched the Rajah spice brand with new packaging, advertising support and in-store trial.
 
George Weston Foods in Australia achieved a major improvement in performance with higher bread prices, increased meat volumes, the delivery of a number of cost reduction initiatives and improved commodity procurement.  In a challenging retail and competitor environment, Tip Top successfully implemented bread price rises in the first half of the year which, together with an increase in the proportion of higher margin products sold and further productivity improvements, led to a higher operating profit for the bakery business.  Factory productivity was also better at Don KRC which contributed to better meat yields and a reduction in labour costs.  Enhanced product quality and improved customer service levels resulted in a number of new contracts being secured and an increase in market share.  The opening of the new meat factory in Castlemaine enabled the closure of our factory near Perth in Western Australia and the redevelopment of the substantial site.  Good progress has been made with the preparation of this site for housing development, and a number of lots were sold this year.
 
Sales at ACH were ahead of last year, largely the result of increased demand for Mazola with positive consumer reaction to a plant sterols advertising campaign highlighting the cholesterol-lowering benefits of corn oil.  In our Flavours business, volume increases were secured in barbeque and grilling spices with a very successful marketing campaign, 'Grilling with the Greats', in association with Major League Baseball.  Capullo, our premium oil brand in Mexico, increased its market share which, together with the benefit of lower input costs, drove profit ahead of last year.
 
Return on average capital employed
5.8%
0.6%
 
Ingredients' revenues were 4% ahead of last year at constant currency but with most of these businesses being located overseas, the strengthening of sterling resulted in a decline of 7% at actual rates.  Profit recovery was substantial, driven by much stronger trading from AB Mauri and the benefit from the non-recurrence of last year's restructuring and accelerated depreciation charges.
 
AB Mauri made progress in all of its regions and in both yeast and bakery ingredients.  Good revenue growth was achieved in South America where, in a very competitive market, cost inflation was either recovered through pricing or offset by improvements in efficiency.  Higher volumes and a focus on business development drove growth in North America and the new yeast factory in Mexico is now supplying the markets of North and Central America.  In China, the site of our Meishan yeast factory in Guangzhou City is to be redeveloped by the local government, the factory has been closed and provision for the small associated cost has been made.  Customer requirements will be met from our other factories in China.
 
In January, AB Mauri completed the acquisition of a small bakery ingredients business operating across western Europe which offers craft and industrial customers a range of high-quality bakery ingredients.  Its integration with our existing operations will broaden our product offering and our ability to respond to customer needs in a number of key markets.
 
At ABF Ingredients, good growth was achieved in extruded cereals in the US and in speciality ingredients which provide enhanced functionality when incorporated into pharmaceutical formulations.  Further progress was made in baking enzymes with several new products launched during the year and, following a series of successful trials in the pulp and paper industry, a number of mills have converted to the use of enzymes to reduce costs and lessen their environmental impact.  The next phase of expansion at the enzymes manufacturing facility in Finland is under way.  The closure of the yeast extracts plant in China, for which provision was made last year end, was well managed and profit benefited from the transfer of production to lower cost facilities elsewhere in the group.  The new cereal extrusions factory in the US at Evansville, Indiana, is now in production, providing increased capacity to meet the growing demand both for extruded cereal products and AB Vista's granulated feed products. 
 
In view of the complementary product portfolios and common customer base, the Australian and New Zealand yeast and bakery ingredients businesses of AB Mauri have been integrated with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods in Australia.  This will reduce overheads and allow the combined business to bring its technologies to market more effectively.  Reflecting this change, the results of the Australian milling business, which were previously included within the Grocery segment, are now included within the Ingredients segment.  The comparative results for 2013 have been restated resulting in £272m of sales and £4m of operating profit being transferred from Grocery to Ingredients.
 
SUMMARY
 
Looking ahead to the next few years we see excellent prospects for Primark and further development of Grocery, Ingredients and Agriculture.  We expect a further large reduction in profit for AB Sugar during 2014/15 and some volatility in the medium term with the reduction of excess stocks and as the sugar industry restructures.  By the end of our 2015 financial year much of the structural change in EU prices will be behind us and we have every reason to be confident of further progress for the group thereafter.
 
GROUP PERFORMANCE
 
Group revenue increased by 1% at constant exchange rates, but the strengthening of sterling against our major trading currencies, particularly in the second half of the year, resulted in a decline in revenues of 3% at actual rates, to £12.9bn.  Adjusted operating profit of £1,163m was 2% ahead of last year at constant rates but 1% lower at actual rates.  In calculating adjusted operating profit, the amortisation charge on non-operating intangibles and any profits or losses on disposal of non-current assets are excluded.  On an unadjusted basis, operating profit was 1% below last year at £1,080m.  Comparative results for 2013 have been restated for the effects of adopting the revised accounting standard for employee benefits, details of which are provided under 'Pensions' below.
 
During the year we merged the activities of AB Mauri's Australian and New Zealand yeast and bakery ingredients businesses with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods in Australia.  The results of the Australian milling business, which were previously included within the Grocery segment, are now included within the Ingredients segment.  The comparative results for 2013 have been restated resulting in £272m of sales and £4m of operating profit being transferred from Grocery to Ingredients.
 
The income statement benefited from the non-recurrence of last year's loss of £128m on the sale or closure of businesses in our Ingredients and Sugar segments. 
 
Finance expense less finance income of £58m compared with a net charge of £87m last year.  This reduction reflected the retirement of expensive long-term debt, including the redemption of British Sugar's £150m 10¾% debenture on 4 July 2013 and the repayment of £194m of private placement notes, $120m of which was repaid mid way through last year and $194m was repaid this year.  The average level of debt also benefited from another strong cash flow performance. 
 
Profit before tax increased from £868m to £1,020m.  On an adjusted basis, where the amortisation of non-operating intangible assets and any profits or losses on the sale of non-current assets and on the sale and closure of businesses are excluded, profit before tax increased by 2% to £1,105m.
 
TAXATION
 
We recognise the importance of complying fully with all applicable tax laws as well as paying and collecting the right amount of tax in every country in which the group operates.  We have had a board-adopted tax policy for many years which is based on seven tax principles that are embedded in the financial and non-financial processes and controls of the group.  Our tax principles are included in the appendix to our Corporate Responsibility Report.
 
The tax charge for the year of £237m included an underlying charge of £257m at an effective rate of 23.3% (2013 - 24.2%) on the adjusted profit before tax.  The reduction in the effective rate is a result of the mix of profits earned in different tax jurisdictions and the reduction in the UK corporation tax rate from 23% to 21% with effect from 1 April 2014.  A further reduction in the UK rate to 20% is due to take effect on 1 April 2015.  The legislation to effect these rate changes was enacted before the prior year balance sheet date and as deferred tax is measured at the rates that are expected to apply in the periods when the underlying timing differences reverse, opening and closing UK deferred tax balances have both been calculated using a rate of 20%. 
 
The overall tax charge for the year benefited from a £21m (2013 - £29m) credit for tax relief on the amortisation of non-operating intangible assets and goodwill arising from previous acquisitions. 
 
EARNINGS AND DIVIDENDS
 
Earnings attributable to equity shareholders were £762m, £177m higher than last year, and the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year used to calculate earnings per share was 790 million (2013 - 790 million).  Earnings per ordinary share were 30% higher than last year at 96.5p with the absence of losses on sales and closure of businesses.  Adjusted earnings per share, which provides a more consistent measure of trading performance, increased by 6% from 98.1p to 104.1p.
 
The interim dividend was increased by 4% to 9.7p and a final dividend has been proposed at 24.3p which represents an overall increase of 6% for the year.  The proposed dividend is expected to cost £192m and will be charged next year.  Dividend cover, on an adjusted basis, is just over three times.
 
BALANCE SHEET
 
Non-current assets of £6.8bn were similar to last year.  Intangible assets were £114m lower, mainly reflecting the amortisation charge for the year and foreign exchange translation losses.  Property, plant and equipment increased by £113m with capital expenditure in the year running ahead of depreciation.
 
Working capital at the year end was £164m lower than last year reflecting lower food commodity prices and the benefit of management action to reduce the average level of working capital throughout the year.  When expressed as a percentage of sales, this also showed further improvement.  Net borrowings at the year end were £358m lower than last year at £446m as a consequence of the very strong cash flow.
 
A currency loss of £250m arose on the translation into sterling of the group's foreign currency denominated net assets.  The group's net assets increased by £234m to £6,753m.
 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) for the group increased further this year to 18.9%, up from last year's restated return of 18.4%.  All businesses with the exception of Sugar delivered an improvement through higher profits, with the average level of capital employed in the business little changed from last year.  ROCE is calculated by expressing adjusted operating profit as a percentage of the average capital employed for the year.
 
CASH FLOW
 
Net cash flow from operating activities was very strong again this year, increasing from £1,276m to £1,439m with a working capital inflow of £100m compared to last year's outflow of £97m.
 
We continued to invest in the future growth of the group and the £691m spent on property, plant and equipment and intangibles net of disposals during the year was an increase on last year's investment of £600m.  Primark spent £378m on the acquisition of new stores, the fit-out of new and existing stores and warehousing.  Expenditure in the food businesses was lower than last year but major projects included further investment in the modernisation of our UK bakeries, new tea packing machines in Twinings' three factories, two animal feed mills in China and the redevelopment of a former bakery site in Western Australia including ground works and utilities in preparation for its sale for housing development. 
 
FINANCING
 
The financing of the group is managed by a central treasury department.  The group has total committed borrowing facilities amounting to £2.2bn, which comprise: £579m of US private placement notes maturing between 2016 and 2024; £1.2bn provided under a newly negotiated syndicated, revolving credit facility which matures in July 2019 with an option to extend by two years; a £120m loan from the European Investment Bank maturing in January 2015 and £328m of local committed facilities in Africa and Spain.  During the financial year we repaid, from existing cash resources, US$194m of private placement notes.  At the year end, £821m was drawn down under these committed facilities.  The group also had access to £644m of uncommitted credit lines under which £132m was drawn at the year end.  Cash and cash equivalents totalled £519m at the year end. 
 
The financial strength and flexibility of the group is enhanced by diversifying our sources of funding and having certainty of finance over a long period.  The strength and breadth of the 12 banks in the syndicate reflect the scale and international presence of the group and during the renegotiation this year we included another European bank in the syndicate to reflect the increasing activities of the group in continental Europe through Primark's expansion.  The average fixed interest coupon on the private placement notes is 5.1%.
 
PENSIONS
 
Pension liabilities in the group's defined benefit pension schemes exceeded employee benefit assets at the year end by £43m compared with last year's restated deficit of £15m.  The UK scheme accounts for 91% of the group's total pension assets and the increase in the market value of these assets during the year was slightly more than the increase in the present value of scheme liabilities.  Total contributions to defined benefit plans in the year amounted to £41m (2013 - £69m), the lower amount reflecting the end of the £30m p.a. deficit contributions that were paid in each of the last five years.  A triennial valuation of the UK scheme was undertaken as at 5 April 2014, which was agreed by the trustees after the group's year end, and revealed a surplus of £78m.  As a result there is no requirement to agree a recovery plan with the trustees.
 
On 1 October 2012 new legislation came into effect which required all eligible UK employees to be automatically enrolled into a qualifying pension scheme.  We embraced this new legislation by providing an attractive scheme with employer contribution rates in excess of the statutory minimum and we saw a high take-up. 
 
The charge for the year for the group's defined contribution schemes, which is equal to the contributions made, amounted to £76m (2013 - £66m) and this is the first year that defined contribution costs have exceeded the cash contribution made to the defined benefit schemes reflecting the changing shape of pension provision in the group.
 
The accounting standard under which the group's pension schemes are accounted, IAS 19 Employee benefits, has been revised, and the new provisions were adopted by the group with effect from 15 September 2013.  The comparative results for the financial year 2013 have been restated as a prior year adjustment, the effect of which was to reduce the reported operating profit by £5m to reflect a change in the treatment of administration costs, and to increase other financial expenses by £3m due to the replacement of the expected rate of return on assets with the discount rate.  There was little difference between the expected rates of return on assets and the discount rates in the group's schemes in 2013 hence the small adjustment.
 

Stimulus hopes from Japan  Europe can up FII flows by 200%Stimulus hopes from Japan & Europe may push FII investment in equities by over 200% in FY16
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 4, 2014, 01.00PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Investors are betting that…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets are well on track to scale new highs and with fresh money expected to arrive from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign investment in equities may rise from the present $14 billion to 24 billion by FY15 and possibly to $40-50 billion by FY16, which is a rise of 257%, say experts.
Investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to meet on 9 November, may announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD, Angel Broking .
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
The Bank of Japan on last Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of ArthVeda Fund Management feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn by FY16.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled over a 1200-point rally on the BSE Sensex so far in the month of October alone, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 and is trading marginally short of its next crucial level of 28000.
But why are the Indian markets so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
"In a scenario when the US was looking for exits in terms of its own QE and the fact that Japan has now announced its own package, it looks like several other developed countries who are still struggling with their economic growths will continue to do this competitive devaluation of their currency," says Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital.
"So that is good for Indian equities as it will keep that easy money flowing. We stay constructed on Indian equities and, as I said, we have a target of 30,000 on the Sensex for FY15," he adds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Virgin Money has confirmedImportant notice
 
This announcement has been prepared by and is the responsibility of Virgin Money, and has been approved by Goldman Sachs International and Merrill Lynch International solely for the purposes of section 21(2)(b) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA")
 
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its completeness, accuracy or fairness.
 
Neither this announcement nor any copy of it may be made or transmitted into the United States, or distributed, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Neither this announcement nor any copy of it may be taken or transmitted directly or indirectly into Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan or to any persons in any of those jurisdictions, except in compliance with applicable securities laws. Any failure to comply with this restriction may constitute a violation of United States, Australian, Canadian, South Africa or Japanese securities laws. The Offer and the distribution of this announcement in other jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States, Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.
 
The securities to which this announcement relates have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any regulating authority or under any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States unless registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with applicable state law. There will be no public offer of the securities in the United States.
 
The securities referred to herein have not been registered under the applicable securities laws of Australia, Canada or Japan and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within Australia, Canada or Japan or to any national, resident or citizen of Australia, Canada, South Africa or Japan.
 
In any EEA Member State that has implemented Directive 2003/71/EC (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the "Prospectus Directive") other than the United Kingdom, this announcement is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive. In addition, in the United Kingdom, this announcement is addressed and directed only at Qualified Investors who (i) are persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"), (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order and (iii) to persons to whom it may otherwise be lawful to communicate it to (all such persons being referred to as "relevant persons"). Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to relevant persons in the United Kingdom and Qualified Investors in any member state of the EEA other than the United Kingdom and will be engaged in only with such persons. Other persons should not rely or act upon this announcement or any of its contents.
 
This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any transferable securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information in the Prospectus intended to be published by Virgin Money in due course in connection with the proposed admission of its Ordinary Shares to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Copies of the Prospectus will, following publication, be available from http://www.virginmoney.com/, subject to applicable securities laws, and at the Company's registered office. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares in the proposed Offer should be made solely on the basis of the information contained in the final Prospectus to be issued by the Company in connection with the Offer. Before purchasing any Ordinary Shares, persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the risks which will be set out in the Prospectus when published. The information in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy or completeness. This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any Ordinary Shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract therefor.
 
This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning the Offer. The price and value of securities and any income from them can go down as well as up. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Before purchasing any Ordinary Shares, persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the risks that will be set out in the Prospectus, when published. Information in this announcement or any of the documents relating to the Offer cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. There is no guarantee that Admission will occur and you should not base your financial decisions on Virgin Money's intentions in relation to Admission at this stage. Acquiring Ordinary Shares to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the Offer for the entity or person concerned.
 
Goldman Sachs International, Merrill Lynch International, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("Citi") and Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited (trading as Keefe, Bruyette & Woods) (together, the "Banks") are (i) authorised and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom and (ii) authorised by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (the "PRA") (other than Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited (trading as Keefe, Bruyette & Woods)). The Banks are acting exclusively for Virgin Money and no-one else in connection with the Offer. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than Virgin Money for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.
 
In connection with the Offer, each of the Banks and any of their respective affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such Ordinary Shares and other securities of Virgin Money or related investments in connection with the Offer or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the Prospectus, once published, to the Ordinary Shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, the Banks or any of their respective affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. In addition they may enter into financing arrangements and swaps with investors in connection with which they may from time to time acquire, hold or dispose of Ordinary Shares. The Banks and their respective affiliates do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.
 
Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on any of the Banks by the FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder, or under the regulatory regime of any jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or unenforceable, none of the Banks or any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the contents of this document or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it, or on its behalf, in connection with the Company, the Ordinary Shares or the Offer and nothing in this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect, whether or not to the past or future. Each of the Banks and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any responsibility or liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), which it might otherwise have in respect of this announcement or any such statement.
 
In connection with the Offer, a stabilising manager, or any of its agents, may (but will be under no obligation to), to the extent permitted by applicable law, overallot Ordinary Shares or effect other transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Ordinary Shares at a higher level than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The stabilising manager will not be required to enter into such transactions and such transactions may be effected on any stock market, over-the-counter market, stock exchange or otherwise and may be undertaken at any time during the period commencing on the date of the commencement of conditional dealings of the Ordinary Shares on the London Stock Exchange and ending no later than 30 calendar days thereafter. However, there will be no obligation on the stabilising manager or any of its agents to effect stabilising transactions and there is no assurance that stabilising transactions will be undertaken. Such stabilising measures, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time without prior notice. In no event will measures be taken to stabilise the market price of the Ordinary Shares above the offer price. Save as required by law or regulation, neither the stabilising manager nor any of its agents intends to disclose the extent of any over-allotments made and/or stabilisation transactions conducted in relation to the Offer.
 
In connection with the Offer, the stabilising manager may, for stabilisation purposes, over-allot Ordinary Shares up to a maximum of 10 per cent. of the total number of Shares comprised in the Offer. For the purposes of allowing the stabilising manager to cover short positions resulting from any such over-allotments and/or from sales of Ordinary Shares effected by it during the stabilisation period, it is expected that certain existing shareholders (the "Over-Allotment Shareholders") will grant to the stabilising manager, on behalf of the Banks, an option (the "Over-Allotment Option") pursuant to which the stabilising manager may purchase or procure purchasers for additional Ordinary Shares up to a maximum of 10 per cent. of the total number of Ordinary Shares comprised in the Offer (the "Over-Allotment Shares") at the offer price. The Over-Allotment Option will be exercisable in whole or in part, upon notice by the stabilising manager, at any time for 30 calendar days after the commencement of conditional trading of the Shares on the London Stock Exchange. Any Over-Allotment Shares made available pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option will be sold on the same terms and conditions as the Ordinary Shares being sold or issued in the Offer and will form a single class for all purposes with the other Ordinary Shares. Save as required by law or regulation, neither the stabilising manager nor any of its agents intends to disclose the extent of any over-allotments made and/or stabilisation transactions conducted in relation to the Offer.
 
Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly with the total figure given.
 
Certain information contained in this announcement, including any information as to Virgin Money's strategy, market position, plans or future financial or operating performance, constitutes "forward-looking statements". All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "contemplate", "target", "plan", "intend", "continue", "budget", "project", "aim", "estimate", "may", "will", "could", "should", "seeks", "predicts", "schedule" or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plan, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. In particular, statements in this announcement regarding targets and expectations in respect of Virgin Money's expected retail NIM development, operating cost evolution, growth in return on tangible equity and return on assets, mortgage market share and credit card volume growth and in the development of Virgin Money's cost of risk and its cost:income, capital and leverage ratios, as well as other expressions of Virgin Money's targets and expectations, should be considered forward-looking statements.
 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Virgin Money, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Known and unknown factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: general economic and business conditions in the UK and internationally; inflation, deflation, interest rates and policies of the Bank of England, the European Central Bank and other G8 central banks; fluctuations in exchange rates, stock markets and currencies; changes to Virgin Money's credit ratings; changing demographic developments, including mortality and changing customer behaviour, including consumer spending, saving and borrowing habits; changes in customer preferences; changes to borrower or counterparty credit quality; instability in the global financial markets, including Eurozone instability and the impact of any sovereign credit rating downgrade or other sovereign financial issues; technological changes; natural and other disasters, adverse weather and similar contingencies outside Virgin Money's control; inadequate or failed internal or external processes, people and systems; terrorist acts and other acts of war or hostility and responses to those acts; geopolitical, pandemic or other such events; changes in laws, regulations, taxation, accounting standards or practices; regulatory capital or liquidity requirements and similar contingencies outside Virgin Money's control; the policies and actions of Governmental or regulatory authorities in the UK, the European Union, the US or elsewhere; the implementation of the draft EU crisis management framework directive and banking reform, following the recommendations made by the Independent Commission on Banking; the ability to attract and retain senior management and other employees; the extent of any future impairment charges or write-downs caused by depressed asset valuations, market disruptions and illiquid markets; market relating trends and developments; exposure to regulatory scrutiny, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or complaints; changes in competition and pricing environments; the inability to hedge certain risks economically; the adequacy of loss reserves; the actions of competitors, including non-bank financial services and lending companies; and the success of Virgin Money in managing the risks of the foregoing.
 
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements in this announcement speak only as at the date of this announcement, reflect the Virgin Money Board's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to Virgin Money's operations, results of operations, growth strategy, capital and leverage ratios and the availability of new funding. Investors should specifically consider the factors identified in this announcement that could cause actual results to differ before making any investment decision. All of the forward-looking statements made in this announcement are qualified by these cautionary statements.
 

On 17 October it delayedVirgin Money delays flotation citing 'market conditions'
Virgin Money had hoped to raise about £150m in its October stock market flotation
Virgin Money appoints new chairman
Virgin Money has delayed its planned October stock market flotation.
The company now expects admission to the London Stock Exchange's official list to happen when the markets are less volatile.
"Virgin Money continues to perform strongly and we remain focused on delivering a successful initial public offering as soon as market conditions allow," said boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia.
Virgin Money is hoping to raise £150m from the initial public offering.
The financial services provider part-owned by entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson announced on 2 October that it would apply for a stock market listing, and expected the flotation to occur in the same month.
But the FTSE 100 index of blue-chip shares has fallen 10% since September, wiping about £175bn off company valuations.
Global stock markets have also been very volatile, making Virgin Money think investors may not have much appetite for buying its shares in the current climate.
Virgin's move follows that of UK bank Aldermore, which also scrapped its flotation plans because of the recent stock market turbulence.
It had been planning to raise about £75m through the flotation, which was set to value the bank at about £800m.
More on This Story

An interesting interview in the TelegraphDrax Group
Drax boss Dorothy Thompson defends high energy bills for homeowners
Chief executive Dorothy Thompson does not believe the lights will go out this    winter - but is 'uneasy' around energy plant failures
Dorothy Thompson is chief executive of the Drax power station in north Yorkshire Photo: Bloomberg News
By James Quinn , Executive Business Editor
5:00AM GMT 04 Nov 2014
Comments
The head of the UK’s largest coal-fired power plant has moved to defend the    energy costs passed on to homeowners amid continued concerns of    over-charging.
Dorothy Thompson, chief executive of Drax, said consumer bills were the    by-product of demands for a “well connected grid” and “security of supply”,    as she noted bills are lower than those in the US, Germany and Italy.
Mrs Thompson went on to say that, although she expects the UK will be able to    maintain energy supply this winter – despite fears about keeping the lights    on – she is “uneasy” around energy plant failures, which she believes are    the result of low maintenance due to a lack of investment returns.
In an interview with The Telegraph, the boss of the FTSE 250 company said that    she is “confused” by a market where generators are “not making very much    money” and consumer bills “seem very high”.
“I’m not necessarily sure that the end-consumer costs aren’t right,” she    explained. “It might be the cost of what we have chosen to do – a    well-connected grid, a low carbon strategy, investing in security of supply.    There are lots of things that we as consumers choose but don’t consciously    know we’re choosing it, that we have the benefit of but don’t know that it’s    there.
Related Articles

FIIs hike stake in HDFC to record-high of nearly 78 per centFIIS
(While part of the purchases…)
MUMBAI: The popularity of Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) among overseas portfolio investors shows no sign of waning. Their holdings in the country's largest mortgage financer touched a record of almost 78 per cent — the highest ever for a listed Indian firm — in the three-month period ended September 30 as a new set of foreign institutions bought the stock in the quarter.
Brokers said foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in HDFC are betting on a revival in the mortgage market.
"HDFC is the leader in the mortgage finance market and has been a stable performer in the past few years," said Raamdeo Agarwal, joint managing director of Motilal Oswal Financial Services. FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September period from 77.36 per cent on June 30.
Twelve new FIIs bought into HDFC in the quarter, taking the total number of investors in this category to 1,140. While part of the purchases in the stock in the quarter could be because of allocation by Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), many long-term FIIs have also bought it, brokers said.
"The stock is an ideal bet for some large FIIs such as pension funds because of its predictable returns. These funds are happy with 10-15 per cent kind of returns (annually) given the size of their exposure," said Agarwal. "Also, it is available below a PE (price to earnings) of 20 (times)".
So far in 2014, HDFC shares have advanced 40 per cent against the 32 per cent gain in the Sensex and 42 per cent jump in ET's NBFC index.
Analysts at foreign brokerages such as Citi, UBS and CIMB are less optimistic about the stock's prospects. These brokerages have 'neutral' or 'hold' ratings on the stock.
"The decent operating (quarter) should continue to lend support to the stock; but stronger moves are likely to be driven by developments/clarity on a merger. Until then, it should be business as usual," said Citi analysts in a recent note.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Results are due before 12:30Alibaba Group Announces September Quarter 2014 Results
Conference Call: 7:30 am U.S. Eastern Time (8:30 pm Hong Kong Time)
All future events are for reference only and may be subject to change.
Related Information

looking less healthyABF annual results for 52 weeks ended 13 Sept 2014
RNS Number : 0238W
For release 4 November 2014
 
Associated British Foods plc results for 52 weeks ended 13 September 2014
 
ABF delivers 6% earnings growth
 
·     Adjusted profit before tax up 2% to £1,105m**
·     Adjusted earnings per share up 6% to 104.1p**
·     Dividends per share up 6% to 34.0p
·     Net capital investment of £691m
·     Net debt reduced to £446m
·     Operating profit down 1% to £1,080m, profit before tax up 18% to £1,020m and basic earnings per share up 30% to 96.5p
 
George Weston, Chief Executive of Associated British Foods, said:
 
"I am pleased to report growth of 6% in adjusted earnings per share.  Significant progress was achieved in operating profit by Grocery, Agriculture, Ingredients and Primark, all of which substantially out-performed last year.  Primark's trading success and significant expansion delivered another magnificent year.  Much lower sugar prices in the EU held back the group's profit growth although, operationally, Sugar performed well."
 
before amortisation of non-operating intangibles, and profits less losses on disposal of non-current assets.
**
before amortisation of non-operating intangibles, profits less losses on disposal of non-current assets, and profits less losses on the sale and closure of businesses.
All adjustments to profit measures are shown on the face of the consolidated income statement.
1
Constant currency is derived by translating the 2013 results at 2014 average exchange rates.
For further information please contact:
Until 15.00 only
Flic Howard-Allen, Head of External Affairs
Tel: 020 7638 9571
Chris Barrie, Angharad Couch, Eleni Menikou
Tel: 020 7638 9571
Flic Howard-Allen, Head of External Affairs
Tel: 020 7399 6500
 
 
Associated British Foods is a diversified international food, ingredients and retail group with sales of £12.9bn and 118,000 employees in 47 countries.  It has significant businesses in Europe, southern Africa, the Americas, China and Australia.
 
Our aim is to achieve strong, sustainable leadership positions in markets that offer potential for profitable growth.  We look to achieve this through a combination of growth of existing businesses, acquisition of complementary new businesses and achievement of high levels of operating efficiency.
 
Prior year restatement
 
The results for the year ended 14 September 2013 have been restated upon adoption of IAS19 Employee Benefits Revised.  The impact of this restatement on the income statement and segmental analysis is summarised below together with adjustments to reflect the merger, in 2014, of the activities of AB Mauri's yeast and bakery ingredients businesses in Australia and New Zealand with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods, and a small disposal made in the year ended 13 September 2014, the details of which are provided on page 30.
 
Year ended 14 September 2013
restated
Adjusted operating profit from   continuing businesses (£m)
 
Adjusted profit before tax (£m)
1,088
Adjusted earnings per share (p)
98.1
The IAS19 adjustments only affect the United Kingdom geographic segment.
The transfers and disposals all arise in the Asia Pacific segment.
 
FOR THE 52 WEEKS ENDED 13 SEPTEMBER 2014
 
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
I am pleased to report growth of 6% in adjusted earnings per share for the financial year.  Significant progress was achieved in operating profit by Grocery, Agriculture, Ingredients and Primark, all of which substantially outperformed last year.  Much lower sugar prices in the EU held back the group's profit growth although, operationally, Sugar performed well.  Earnings also benefited from the strength of the group's balance sheet and effective cash management which resulted in a much lower interest charge than last year. 
 
The financial year was characterised by price deflation in many food commodities and a strengthening of sterling against our major trading currencies.  The impact of this is evident in the lower revenues of our food businesses and, in this context, the profit growth in Grocery, Agriculture and Ingredients is all the more impressive.  Grocery margin advanced with strong performances from Twinings Ovaltine and ACH Foods in the US and Mexico, and a further recovery in the bakery and meat businesses of George Weston Foods in Australia.  Our yeast and bakery ingredients business, AB Mauri, is achieving a strong turnaround from the challenges of recent years with the promise of further improvement to come.  AB Agri achieved another record result.
 
Primark had another magnificent year, increasing profit by 30% at constant currency and adding a net 1.2 million sq ft of selling space taking our total estate to over 10 million sq ft at the financial year end.  Our highly successful entry into France this year brings the number of countries in which Primark operates to nine.  Primark has now developed experience in establishing the brand in new markets and has achieved considerable trading success in each of them.  We recently announced that the next new market would be in the north-east of the US, with the first stores expected to open late in 2015 and with up to 10 stores by the end of 2016.
 
The results of our sugar operations reflect a major fall in EU sugar prices and a very low world sugar price.  Looking back to 2011/12, a shortage of sugar available for sale in the EU and relatively high world prices at the time drove EU prices to very high levels which clearly benefited our Sugar profit in that year.  This was exceptional.  Since then more sugar has become available, sugar stocks in the EU have risen, the European Commission has confirmed the abolition of sugar quotas from October 2017, and world sugar prices have declined dramatically.  We have seen increased competition as European producers position themselves for a post-quota market.  This has driven a fall in prices which we expect to continue in 2015.  We anticipate restructuring in the European sugar industry and, as the high stock levels are liquidated, we expect to see volatility in market prices.  This structural change is painful, but AB Sugar has risen to challenges of this nature before, and does so this time with a programme of continuous performance improvement.  We are one of the most efficient producers in the EU and will continue to take the necessary action to ensure that we are well placed to operate in the post-quota environment.
 
We have a good track record of investing for the long term and this year was no exception with net capital investment of £691m, up from £600m last year.  The higher level of capital expenditure was driven by a larger number of new Primark stores opened, or still to open but in the process of fit- out, during the year.  The five-year investment programme at Allied Bakeries to create a state-of-the-art baking capability across the UK is now substantially complete and ensures the reliable supply of high quality bread to our customers.  This programme also sets a new benchmark for standards of food safety in the bakery sector and has enhanced safety in our workplace.
 
Cash flow was again stronger than the previous year driven by a working capital inflow more than offsetting the increase in net capital investment.  Net debt at the year end was £358m lower than last year at £446m.  With the group's cash generating ability, the lower net debt and the committed borrowing facilities available, we have the capacity to meet our growth ambitions for the foreseeable future.
 
Corporate responsibility
 
Last year we published a comprehensive Corporate Responsibility Report which outlined the close alignment between our values and good business practice, and highlighted our commitment to improving productivity and reducing waste.  This report was well received by all of our stakeholders and updates are now available to reflect the achievements of the last 12 months.  The report is available online at www.abf.co.uk/responsibility.  Of particular note is the further progress Primark has made in its ethical trade programme with an enlarged team of specialists, now located in seven countries, which is critical to supporting sustainable improvements within supplier factories.  As a responsible business, AB Sugar is actively contributing to the debate about the role that sugar can play as part of a healthy, balanced diet with its Making Sense of Sugar campaign.  The board remains committed to the highest ethical standards across the group.
 
The board
 
The Senior Independent Director, Tim Clarke, was appointed to the board in 2004 and, in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, having completed nine years' service, his independence must be confirmed annually by the rest of the board.  This having been done, we are delighted that Tim has agreed to continue as a member of the board and as the Senior Independent Director.
 
Three other independent directors will complete nine years on the board in 2015 and 2016.  To avoid the possibility of a significant loss of experience in a short period we have temporarily expanded the board.  Ruth Cairnie was appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 1 May 2014.  Ruth was recently Executive Vice President Strategy & Planning at Royal Dutch Shell plc where she had also held a number of senior commercial roles gaining experience in European and emerging markets.  We very much look forward to Ruth's participation in the board's deliberations.
 
Employees
 
I would like to thank all our employees for their contribution to the group's success in the past year.  Operational improvements have underpinned the increased profitability in Grocery and Ingredients, and have become part of everyday business at AB Sugar.  Together with the excellent performances from Agriculture and Primark these results are a tribute to the dedication and commitment of our employees.
 
Dividends
 
I am pleased to report that a final dividend of 24.3p is proposed, to be paid on 9 January 2015 to shareholders on the register on 12 December 2014.  Together with the interim dividend of 9.7p paid on 4 July 2014, this will make a total of 34.0p for the year, an increase of 6%.
 
Outlook
 
In the coming year, we expect Primark's expansion to continue and Grocery, Ingredients and Agriculture to make further progress.  With the continuing fall in EU sugar prices, and volatility in the world sugar price, we expect a further large reduction in profit from AB Sugar, but this will put much of the effect of the structural changes in EU prices behind us.  At this early stage we expect a marginal decline in adjusted operating profit for the group but the impact on earnings will be mitigated by much lower tax and interest charges.  We therefore see limited opportunity to grow adjusted earnings per share in the new financial year.  With the strength of the group's balance sheet and strong cash generation, we have every reason to be confident of further progress for the group thereafter. 
 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT
 
The delivery of an adjusted operating profit for the group in line with last year reflects the considerable achievement of all of our businesses in a year when EU sugar prices declined substantially.
This financial year saw sterling strengthen against all of our major trading currencies and particularly those in emerging markets.  Group revenue declined by 3% to £12.9bn but at constant currency actually increased by 1%.  Adjusted operating profit was 1% lower at £1,163m but increased by 2% at constant currency.  Currency movements have had a significant impact on our business segments this year and in order to understand the underlying operating performance of each of them, we have referred to the year-on-year changes at constant currency. 
A key influence on this year's performance has been the impact on our food businesses of price deflation in some of our major commodities.  The prices of wheat, barley, corn oil and rice all fell during the year.  World sugar prices have also fallen and, as discussed elsewhere in this report, we are in the midst of a structural change in EU sugar prices.  As a consequence the growth in revenues achieved by our food businesses in recent years has not been sustained this year.  It is against this background that I am pleased with the profit and margin improvements delivered by Agriculture, Grocery and Ingredients.
Operationally AB Sugar had an excellent year with good factory performances and further substantial cost reductions from the performance improvement programmes which are well embedded in each of the businesses.  We expect EU prices to fall further during the coming year, but remain confident that our well-invested sugar assets position us amongst the world's lowest-cost sugar producers.  
At Primark, a strong store opening programme, excellent buying, and higher sales densities in our new stores, all came together to drive revenues to within a fraction of £5bn with a further improvement in margin.   As well as expanding in our more established UK market we also opened large stores in a number of major cities across Europe, including Lisbon, Madrid, Berlin, Cologne, Dusseldorf and Vienna.  This year saw the opening of our first stores in France, firstly in Marseille quickly followed by Dijon and then three stores in the suburbs of Paris.  We were delighted by the success of these French stores, both for the size of the crowds on opening days, which were overwhelming, but more importantly for the tremendous customer enthusiasm for Primark, in very different cities, which was sustained throughout the rest of the year.
Primark's response to the Rana Plaza disaster in Bangladesh in 2013, has been extensive.  In addition to the payment of compensation to the victims and their families, Primark was a founding signatory to the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh.  This Accord is a contract between over 150 apparel brands and retailers, international and local trade unions and NGOs, which are committed to carrying out factory inspections and improving working conditions in the Bangladesh garment industry.  Primark carried out building surveys in Bangladesh to assess the structural integrity of all of the 80 factories from which we source garments.  These structural assessments will be extended to other countries shortly.   
Grocery made very good progress with profit and margin well ahead of last year.  Twinings Ovaltine had another excellent year, both in the UK and overseas, and trading was much improved at ACH Foods in the US and Mexico.  The recovery in profitability at George Weston Foods in Australia was well established this year.  AB Agri deserves credit for the further development of the business, particularly for the strides made by AB Vista as it extends its global customer reach.  Profit in Ingredients recovered strongly this year as the new management team at AB Mauri, our yeast and bakery ingredients business, made significant progress in reducing the cost base, restructuring operations and integrating the newly acquired European bakery ingredients business.  
Our businesses are encouraged to take advantage of the technical skills, geographical presence, capabilities and experience that are available elsewhere in the group, in the development of their own operations.  This Operating Review showcases some examples of our success in leveraging the benefits of being part of a larger group, an illustration of which was the collaboration between our enzymes, cereal extrusion and Agri businesses to deliver the new cereal extrusions factory at Evansville in the US which would not have been achieved by any of the individual businesses on their own.
 
Return on average capital employed
10.5%
23.3%
 
Revenue and adjusted operating profit for AB Sugar were substantially lower than last year driven by declining sugar prices, lower volumes and adverse currency translation.  The price and volume effects were predominantly seen in Europe where prices were driven down by increased market competition as our competitors seek to establish new market positions ahead of the removal of quotas in 2017, and by a desire to reduce quota stock levels across the EU which have been higher than normal.  The world sugar price, which has more of an impact on EU exports and our Chinese business, was low, and fell further, throughout the year but we consider this to be unsustainable given that it is markedly below the global average cost of production. 
 
Our sugar businesses have been actively engaged in performance improvement programmes for a number of years.  All businesses have undertaken a review of overheads, substantial reductions have already been delivered and the programmes are continuing.  These are aimed at extending our cost leadership in all regions to ensure that AB Sugar is well positioned as a globally competitive producer. 
 
British Sugar produced 1.32 million tonnes of sugar compared with 1.15 million tonnes last year.  Good growing conditions extended into the mild winter resulting in higher beet yields and sugar content than last year.  All UK factories performed well with further progress achieved in performance improvement initiatives and in health, safety and environmental metrics. 
 
The crop for the 2014/15 campaign has benefited from excellent growing conditions, with every indication that it will be much larger than that processed in the previous year.  The new campaign has started well with production ahead of schedule and with our Newark and Wissington factories already exceeding daily beet throughput records.  This larger crop will provide the opportunity to confirm our ability to process the higher volumes that we expect to become the norm in a post-quota environment.
 
The beet price payable to growers for the 2014/15 crop was agreed in summer 2013, at a substantial increase over the price for the year under review, and at an increased cost to British Sugar of some £30m.  Negotiations for delivered beet costs for the 2015/16 campaign have now been concluded with a reduction of some 20% on the previous year.  This will make a major contribution to ensuring a more sustainable UK beet sugar industry reflective of the new commercial environment for EU sugar.
 
In Spain, sugar beet volumes were lower than last year with a larger crop area in the south not compensating for a reduction in the area planted in the north due to waterlogged fields during the spring.  As a consequence, total beet sugar production was 338,000 tonnes, down from 405,000 tonnes in the previous year.  200,000 tonnes of imported raw sugar was refined at Guadalete and a further 59,000 tonnes was co-refined at the northern beet plants supplementing the beet sugar production and minimising logistics costs to market.
 
Contract negotiations with our EU customers for the 2014/15 marketing year are proving to be as challenging as last year.  There are high stocks of sugar in the EU, competition continues to be intense and both of these factors have continued to drive EU prices downward.  In response to this difficult commercial environment we have undertaken a review of our cost base and a provision of £22m for the cost of overhead reduction has been charged to adjusted operating profit this year.
 
After a complex commissioning process, production volumes at the Vivergo biofuels plant increased significantly this year.  Although inclusion levels of ethanol in gasoline continued to rise in the EU year-on-year, gasoline consumption has fallen which has led to lower prices.  Vivergo sustained a loss this year but further enhancements to the plant in the new financial year will improve reliability and throughputs are expected to meet or exceed rated capacity.  Combined with lower wheat prices the profitability of Vivergo is therefore expected to improve.
 
Profit at Illovo saw some reduction.  Sugar production of 1.70 million tonnes this financial year compared with 1.87 million tonnes last year, primarily as a result of lower production in Zambia and Swaziland where the phasing of the campaign is slightly later than last year.  Domestic pricing increased in line with local inflation with the exception of Tanzania and South Africa which were affected by low-cost imports.  However, import tariffs have now been introduced in South Africa which has resulted in some improvement in local pricing. The profitability of exports of raw sugar to the EU market under preferential import arrangements was adversely affected by the lower pricing in that market.  Co-product contribution, which is of growing importance to Illovo, increased this year with the successful operation of the new potable alcohol distillery in Tanzania.
 
In China, profitability has improved with the implementation of a number of overhead reduction and efficiency initiatives.  In the south, excellent growing conditions and a higher sugar content in the cane resulted in an increase in sugar production from 500,000 tonnes last year to 560,000 tonnes this year.  However, flooding in Heilongjiang province led to a reduction in beet supplied to our factories which resulted in much lower sugar production in the north, at 116,000 tonnes.  The campaigns at Qianqi and Zhangbei were excellent with good factory throughput and a high sugar content in the beet following our success in working with the growers over a number of years.
A significant level of imports and increased domestic production resulted in very low domestic prices throughout the year. 
 
Return on average capital employed
17.3%
16.4%
 
AB Agri had another excellent year with adjusted operating profit 11% ahead of last year at constant currency.  The decline in revenue reflected lower wheat and other commodity costs.  However, cash margins in UK feed were maintained and the profit growth was delivered by the higher margin businesses.
 
The wet winter in the UK, particularly in the west country, adversely impacted livestock farming but excellent forage growing conditions during a dry spring and summer, as well as a softening commodity market, led to a period of more stable prices and increased confidence amongst farmers.  UK feed volumes remained resilient.  Oversupply in the UK poultry market depressed prices during the summer but the market is now beginning to stabilise. 
 
Strong growth was achieved by AB Vista driven by the success of Quantum Blue, its phytase feed enzyme, notably in Latin America and the Middle East but also in the EU where it was launched recently following its approval by the European Food Safety Authority.  The new granulation facility at Evansville, Indiana, is operating successfully providing additional capacity to meet the increasing demand for these enzymes.
 
Good commercial and procurement management drove a strong performance at Speciality Nutrition, our UK pre-mix and starter feeds business.  Expansion and modernisation of its plant at Rugeley enabled the business to meet increasingly stringent customer demands for high-quality pre-mixes.  AB Sustain's responsible sourcing programme achieved growth during the year and this programme has now been extended into overseas markets.
 
AB Agri China maintained margins through good procurement and a favourable product mix.  Consumer demand for meat in China continues to grow with a particular need to ensure reliable and high-quality sources.  As meat production in China therefore transitions from small, family-run concerns towards large-scale commercial operations, there is increasing demand for high-quality feed supplied by modern, efficient feed mills.  Construction and commissioning of our new feed mill at Zhenlai was completed to plan in August and good progress is being made with construction of a mill at Rudong, both of which will supply these large, integrated meat processors.
 
Profit at Frontier was ahead of last year.  Fine weather during the planting seasons saw strong demand for cereal and rape seed and the growing conditions of a mild winter and warm spring drove demand for crop inputs such as fungicides.  Encouragingly, the warm dry summer resulted in an early wheat harvest of excellent yield and quality.
 
Return on average capital employed
33.2%
26.0%
 
Sales at Primark were 17% ahead of last year at constant currency.  This excellent result was driven by an increase in retail selling space, like-for-like sales growth of 4%, and superior sales densities in the new stores.  The year was characterised by success for our autumn/winter and spring/summer ranges.  Sales over the Christmas period were excellent and were boosted in the third quarter by warm weather, especially in the spring and early summer.  We began trading in France in December last year and sales across all five stores have been exceptional.  Eight years on from our initial entry into Iberia, this year's like-for-like growth achieved by our Spanish stores was particularly strong. 
 
The adjusted operating profit margin in the first half was higher than last year reflecting the benefit of warehouse and distribution efficiencies and lower freight rates.  These benefits continued in the second half and, with strong trading over the summer resulting in a lower level of markdowns, the margin for the full year reached 13.4%.  This lower level of markdowns was a consequence of a strengthening of our buying and merchandising teams and the success of our seasonal range. 
 
In the immediate aftermath of last year's collapse of Rana Plaza in Bangladesh, Primark committed to meeting its responsibilities in full and to paying long-term compensation to the workers employed by its supplier or their dependants.  We began making these long-term payments in March 2014 and, throughout the process, we have provided broadly based support.  Primark also paid short-term aid to the families of all the workers employed at Rana Plaza, most of whom were making clothes for its competitors.  Primark's total commitment amounts to US$12m, of which US$7m was provided in last year's results and US$5m has been charged this year.  
The safety of the staff employed by our suppliers is a high priority.  We have now undertaken structural assessments of all of our supplier factories in Bangladesh.  We further strengthened our in-country teams of ethical trading specialists who are critical in supporting sustainable improvements within supplier factories, and providing greater visibility across the supply chain.  We conducted 2,058 audits in the last calendar year, and ethical trade training continues to be provided to every new Primark employee.  We intend to extend our programme of structural assessments to include factories producing for us outside Bangladesh.
 
The pace of selling space expansion quickened further this year with the gross addition of 1.4 million sq ft.  We relocated three stores, extended three stores and opened in 25 new locations.  It is perhaps worth putting this growth into context - in the year 2000 when we opened our 100th store after 31 years of trading, the entire estate was just 1.4 million sq ft and now, 14 years later, the estate is seven times larger.  This year saw the entry of Primark into France where we now have five stores: Marseille, Dijon and three in the suburbs of Paris.  We closed seven smaller stores, primarily where larger, better located, premises became available in the same city, resulting in a net increase in selling space of 1.2 million sq ft.  This brings our total estate to 278 stores and 10.2 million sq ft at the financial year end. 
 
Responding to the increasing scale of our business in continental Europe, we doubled the size of our warehouse in Torija, Spain this summer and the Mönchengladbach warehouse in Germany, which services the stores in northern Europe, is being extended by 60% and will become fully operational early in 2015.
 
+13%
 
We have a very strong pipeline of new stores in Europe extending over a number of years.  We have already opened five new stores since the year end: one in Portugal, two in the Netherlands and two in Germany, with a further five scheduled to open before Christmas including a relocation in Northampton to a store more than three times the size.  We expect the increase in selling space for the financial year to be a little less than 1.0 million sq ft, to be followed in the autumn of 2015 by a strong programme of European openings.
 
We have announced that,after extensive research, we have decided to take Primark to consumers in the north-east of the US.  We have chosen stores which are located close to areas of high urban density and which benefit from high levels of existing customer footfall.  Our strategy is to generate interest in, and awareness of, the Primark brand.  A lease for some 70,000 sq ft of selling space at Downtown Crossing in the heart of Boston, Massachusetts was signed in April and we expect this store to open in late 2015.  We have subsequently signed the lease of a further seven stores in this region including an 80,000 sq ft store in the King of Prussia shopping mall in Pennsylvania, one of the busiest in the US.  We intend that all eight stores will be trading from 0.5 million sq ft by late 2016.  These stores will be supported by leased warehousing.
 
Return on average capital employed
20.8%
16.9%
 
Grocery operating profit increased by 24% at constant currency with George Weston Foods in Australia, ACH Foods in the US and Twinings Ovaltine all well ahead of last year.  Revenues were level with last year at constant currency and were held back by lower food commodity prices.
 
Twinings Ovaltine delivered strong revenue growth in tea with record market shares achieved in each of its four largest markets.  Growth was achieved in all categories in the UK led by excellent progress in green teas and infusions, and we remain the fastest growing tea brand in the US.  Ovaltine again performed well in its developing markets, particularly Brazil, where the brand was supported by a new advertising campaign, in south east Asia, and in Nigeria where our new Ovaltine packing plant is now fully operational.  Tea manufacturing conversion costs were lower than last year with the benefit of higher volumes, further improvements in operating efficiency at the factory in Poland and more high-speed packing equipment at Andover. 
 
At Allied Bakeries, revenues and profit were ahead of last year with higher branded sales and an increase in market share.  Successful new products this year included Kingsmill Great White, a white bread with as much fibre as a wholemeal loaf, which was launched in February supported by an in-store marketing campaign and television advertising.   New re-sealable packaging with a refreshed design drove further growth of Kingsmill wraps, and towards the end of the year we launched Sandwich Thins which are proving very popular.  Following its relaunch last year, the Allinson brand received further national advertising support this year and achieved further growth.  The five-year capital investment programme to upgrade our UK bakeries is almost at an end with completion of the modernisation of the Glasgow bakery during the year and the installation of a new bread plant in Stevenage which is due to be commissioned in November.  The proposed closure of the Orpington bakery was announced in August with employee consultation nearing conclusion.
 
Silver Spoon's revenue and profitability was well below last year reflecting an especially competitive year for the UK packed sugar market which saw the loss of a number of granulated sugar contracts.  This was mitigated in part by a reduction in overheads at the Bury packaging plant.  New product launches resulted in Truvia growing its share of the stevia sweeteners market and, in the home baking sector, Allinson maintained its position as the leading bread flour brand following last year's relaunch. 
 
Revenue and profit at Jordans and Ryvita were ahead of last year with good growth in our international business, particularly in France, Canada and Australia.  The new Ryvita Thins line at the Poole factory yielded improvements in production efficiency and product quality, enabling supply to keep pace with substantially increased demand.  On 20 October, after clearance from the Competition and Markets Authority, we completed the acquisition of Dorset Cereals.  This premium brand, with particular strength in the growing Muesli sector, will complement our existing Jordans cereals and Ryvita crispbread brands.  We intend to maintain Dorset Cereals' existing production facility in Poundbury, Dorset.
 
AB World Foods achieved revenue growth in the UK for Patak's and Blue Dragon which are, respectively, the largest Indian and Oriental ambient food brands.  Both brands also performed well internationally, particularly in Canada where social media campaigns to coincide with ethnic festivals proved to be an effective way of promoting awareness of the product range.  The core brands of Westmill Foods, Lucky Boat noodles and Elephant Atta flour, both achieved further growth and, towards the end of the year, we relaunched the Rajah spice brand with new packaging, advertising support and in-store trial.
 
George Weston Foods in Australia achieved a major improvement in performance with higher bread prices, increased meat volumes, the delivery of a number of cost reduction initiatives and improved commodity procurement.  In a challenging retail and competitor environment, Tip Top successfully implemented bread price rises in the first half of the year which, together with an increase in the proportion of higher margin products sold and further productivity improvements, led to a higher operating profit for the bakery business.  Factory productivity was also better at Don KRC which contributed to better meat yields and a reduction in labour costs.  Enhanced product quality and improved customer service levels resulted in a number of new contracts being secured and an increase in market share.  The opening of the new meat factory in Castlemaine enabled the closure of our factory near Perth in Western Australia and the redevelopment of the substantial site.  Good progress has been made with the preparation of this site for housing development, and a number of lots were sold this year.
 
Sales at ACH were ahead of last year, largely the result of increased demand for Mazola with positive consumer reaction to a plant sterols advertising campaign highlighting the cholesterol-lowering benefits of corn oil.  In our Flavours business, volume increases were secured in barbeque and grilling spices with a very successful marketing campaign, 'Grilling with the Greats', in association with Major League Baseball.  Capullo, our premium oil brand in Mexico, increased its market share which, together with the benefit of lower input costs, drove profit ahead of last year.
 
Return on average capital employed
5.8%
0.6%
 
Ingredients' revenues were 4% ahead of last year at constant currency but with most of these businesses being located overseas, the strengthening of sterling resulted in a decline of 7% at actual rates.  Profit recovery was substantial, driven by much stronger trading from AB Mauri and the benefit from the non-recurrence of last year's restructuring and accelerated depreciation charges.
 
AB Mauri made progress in all of its regions and in both yeast and bakery ingredients.  Good revenue growth was achieved in South America where, in a very competitive market, cost inflation was either recovered through pricing or offset by improvements in efficiency.  Higher volumes and a focus on business development drove growth in North America and the new yeast factory in Mexico is now supplying the markets of North and Central America.  In China, the site of our Meishan yeast factory in Guangzhou City is to be redeveloped by the local government, the factory has been closed and provision for the small associated cost has been made.  Customer requirements will be met from our other factories in China.
 
In January, AB Mauri completed the acquisition of a small bakery ingredients business operating across western Europe which offers craft and industrial customers a range of high-quality bakery ingredients.  Its integration with our existing operations will broaden our product offering and our ability to respond to customer needs in a number of key markets.
 
At ABF Ingredients, good growth was achieved in extruded cereals in the US and in speciality ingredients which provide enhanced functionality when incorporated into pharmaceutical formulations.  Further progress was made in baking enzymes with several new products launched during the year and, following a series of successful trials in the pulp and paper industry, a number of mills have converted to the use of enzymes to reduce costs and lessen their environmental impact.  The next phase of expansion at the enzymes manufacturing facility in Finland is under way.  The closure of the yeast extracts plant in China, for which provision was made last year end, was well managed and profit benefited from the transfer of production to lower cost facilities elsewhere in the group.  The new cereal extrusions factory in the US at Evansville, Indiana, is now in production, providing increased capacity to meet the growing demand both for extruded cereal products and AB Vista's granulated feed products. 
 
In view of the complementary product portfolios and common customer base, the Australian and New Zealand yeast and bakery ingredients businesses of AB Mauri have been integrated with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods in Australia.  This will reduce overheads and allow the combined business to bring its technologies to market more effectively.  Reflecting this change, the results of the Australian milling business, which were previously included within the Grocery segment, are now included within the Ingredients segment.  The comparative results for 2013 have been restated resulting in £272m of sales and £4m of operating profit being transferred from Grocery to Ingredients.
 
SUMMARY
 
Looking ahead to the next few years we see excellent prospects for Primark and further development of Grocery, Ingredients and Agriculture.  We expect a further large reduction in profit for AB Sugar during 2014/15 and some volatility in the medium term with the reduction of excess stocks and as the sugar industry restructures.  By the end of our 2015 financial year much of the structural change in EU prices will be behind us and we have every reason to be confident of further progress for the group thereafter.
 
GROUP PERFORMANCE
 
Group revenue increased by 1% at constant exchange rates, but the strengthening of sterling against our major trading currencies, particularly in the second half of the year, resulted in a decline in revenues of 3% at actual rates, to £12.9bn.  Adjusted operating profit of £1,163m was 2% ahead of last year at constant rates but 1% lower at actual rates.  In calculating adjusted operating profit, the amortisation charge on non-operating intangibles and any profits or losses on disposal of non-current assets are excluded.  On an unadjusted basis, operating profit was 1% below last year at £1,080m.  Comparative results for 2013 have been restated for the effects of adopting the revised accounting standard for employee benefits, details of which are provided under 'Pensions' below.
 
During the year we merged the activities of AB Mauri's Australian and New Zealand yeast and bakery ingredients businesses with the flour milling business of George Weston Foods in Australia.  The results of the Australian milling business, which were previously included within the Grocery segment, are now included within the Ingredients segment.  The comparative results for 2013 have been restated resulting in £272m of sales and £4m of operating profit being transferred from Grocery to Ingredients.
 
The income statement benefited from the non-recurrence of last year's loss of £128m on the sale or closure of businesses in our Ingredients and Sugar segments. 
 
Finance expense less finance income of £58m compared with a net charge of £87m last year.  This reduction reflected the retirement of expensive long-term debt, including the redemption of British Sugar's £150m 10¾% debenture on 4 July 2013 and the repayment of £194m of private placement notes, $120m of which was repaid mid way through last year and $194m was repaid this year.  The average level of debt also benefited from another strong cash flow performance. 
 
Profit before tax increased from £868m to £1,020m.  On an adjusted basis, where the amortisation of non-operating intangible assets and any profits or losses on the sale of non-current assets and on the sale and closure of businesses are excluded, profit before tax increased by 2% to £1,105m.
 
TAXATION
 
We recognise the importance of complying fully with all applicable tax laws as well as paying and collecting the right amount of tax in every country in which the group operates.  We have had a board-adopted tax policy for many years which is based on seven tax principles that are embedded in the financial and non-financial processes and controls of the group.  Our tax principles are included in the appendix to our Corporate Responsibility Report.
 
The tax charge for the year of £237m included an underlying charge of £257m at an effective rate of 23.3% (2013 - 24.2%) on the adjusted profit before tax.  The reduction in the effective rate is a result of the mix of profits earned in different tax jurisdictions and the reduction in the UK corporation tax rate from 23% to 21% with effect from 1 April 2014.  A further reduction in the UK rate to 20% is due to take effect on 1 April 2015.  The legislation to effect these rate changes was enacted before the prior year balance sheet date and as deferred tax is measured at the rates that are expected to apply in the periods when the underlying timing differences reverse, opening and closing UK deferred tax balances have both been calculated using a rate of 20%. 
 
The overall tax charge for the year benefited from a £21m (2013 - £29m) credit for tax relief on the amortisation of non-operating intangible assets and goodwill arising from previous acquisitions. 
 
EARNINGS AND DIVIDENDS
 
Earnings attributable to equity shareholders were £762m, £177m higher than last year, and the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year used to calculate earnings per share was 790 million (2013 - 790 million).  Earnings per ordinary share were 30% higher than last year at 96.5p with the absence of losses on sales and closure of businesses.  Adjusted earnings per share, which provides a more consistent measure of trading performance, increased by 6% from 98.1p to 104.1p.
 
The interim dividend was increased by 4% to 9.7p and a final dividend has been proposed at 24.3p which represents an overall increase of 6% for the year.  The proposed dividend is expected to cost £192m and will be charged next year.  Dividend cover, on an adjusted basis, is just over three times.
 
BALANCE SHEET
 
Non-current assets of £6.8bn were similar to last year.  Intangible assets were £114m lower, mainly reflecting the amortisation charge for the year and foreign exchange translation losses.  Property, plant and equipment increased by £113m with capital expenditure in the year running ahead of depreciation.
 
Working capital at the year end was £164m lower than last year reflecting lower food commodity prices and the benefit of management action to reduce the average level of working capital throughout the year.  When expressed as a percentage of sales, this also showed further improvement.  Net borrowings at the year end were £358m lower than last year at £446m as a consequence of the very strong cash flow.
 
A currency loss of £250m arose on the translation into sterling of the group's foreign currency denominated net assets.  The group's net assets increased by £234m to £6,753m.
 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) for the group increased further this year to 18.9%, up from last year's restated return of 18.4%.  All businesses with the exception of Sugar delivered an improvement through higher profits, with the average level of capital employed in the business little changed from last year.  ROCE is calculated by expressing adjusted operating profit as a percentage of the average capital employed for the year.
 
CASH FLOW
 
Net cash flow from operating activities was very strong again this year, increasing from £1,276m to £1,439m with a working capital inflow of £100m compared to last year's outflow of £97m.
 
We continued to invest in the future growth of the group and the £691m spent on property, plant and equipment and intangibles net of disposals during the year was an increase on last year's investment of £600m.  Primark spent £378m on the acquisition of new stores, the fit-out of new and existing stores and warehousing.  Expenditure in the food businesses was lower than last year but major projects included further investment in the modernisation of our UK bakeries, new tea packing machines in Twinings' three factories, two animal feed mills in China and the redevelopment of a former bakery site in Western Australia including ground works and utilities in preparation for its sale for housing development. 
 
FINANCING
 
The financing of the group is managed by a central treasury department.  The group has total committed borrowing facilities amounting to £2.2bn, which comprise: £579m of US private placement notes maturing between 2016 and 2024; £1.2bn provided under a newly negotiated syndicated, revolving credit facility which matures in July 2019 with an option to extend by two years; a £120m loan from the European Investment Bank maturing in January 2015 and £328m of local committed facilities in Africa and Spain.  During the financial year we repaid, from existing cash resources, US$194m of private placement notes.  At the year end, £821m was drawn down under these committed facilities.  The group also had access to £644m of uncommitted credit lines under which £132m was drawn at the year end.  Cash and cash equivalents totalled £519m at the year end. 
 
The financial strength and flexibility of the group is enhanced by diversifying our sources of funding and having certainty of finance over a long period.  The strength and breadth of the 12 banks in the syndicate reflect the scale and international presence of the group and during the renegotiation this year we included another European bank in the syndicate to reflect the increasing activities of the group in continental Europe through Primark's expansion.  The average fixed interest coupon on the private placement notes is 5.1%.
 
PENSIONS
 
Pension liabilities in the group's defined benefit pension schemes exceeded employee benefit assets at the year end by £43m compared with last year's restated deficit of £15m.  The UK scheme accounts for 91% of the group's total pension assets and the increase in the market value of these assets during the year was slightly more than the increase in the present value of scheme liabilities.  Total contributions to defined benefit plans in the year amounted to £41m (2013 - £69m), the lower amount reflecting the end of the £30m p.a. deficit contributions that were paid in each of the last five years.  A triennial valuation of the UK scheme was undertaken as at 5 April 2014, which was agreed by the trustees after the group's year end, and revealed a surplus of £78m.  As a result there is no requirement to agree a recovery plan with the trustees.
 
On 1 October 2012 new legislation came into effect which required all eligible UK employees to be automatically enrolled into a qualifying pension scheme.  We embraced this new legislation by providing an attractive scheme with employer contribution rates in excess of the statutory minimum and we saw a high take-up. 
 
The charge for the year for the group's defined contribution schemes, which is equal to the contributions made, amounted to £76m (2013 - £66m) and this is the first year that defined contribution costs have exceeded the cash contribution made to the defined benefit schemes reflecting the changing shape of pension provision in the group.
 
The accounting standard under which the group's pension schemes are accounted, IAS 19 Employee benefits, has been revised, and the new provisions were adopted by the group with effect from 15 September 2013.  The comparative results for the financial year 2013 have been restated as a prior year adjustment, the effect of which was to reduce the reported operating profit by £5m to reflect a change in the treatment of administration costs, and to increase other financial expenses by £3m due to the replacement of the expected rate of return on assets with the discount rate.  There was little difference between the expected rates of return on assets and the discount rates in the group's schemes in 2013 hence the small adjustment.
 

NRI billionaire to give Rs 500 crore for Uttarakhand s developmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Uttarakhand
NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava to give Rs 500 crore for Uttarakhand's development
Saumya Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Tags:
Living Essentials
(Bhargava, who is one of the…)
NEW DELHI: NRI billionaire entrepreneur Manoj Bhargava , one of the few Indians to sign the 'The Giving Pledge', is set to announce a plan to give Rs 500 crore over six years for a development programme in Uttarakhand.
Bhargava, who is one of the richest Indians in America, has already given more than Rs 300 crore to over 151 organisations across India, with 406 completed or ongoing projects in the areas of healthcare, education, disability, livelihood, water and sanitation, in the past five years, through The Hans Foundation (THF).
The foundation will on Tuesday announce the Rs 500-crore 'investment' in Uttarakhand 2020, a comprehensive statewide development programme focusing on disease prevention, child education and forest regeneration in Uttarakhand.
"We have created pockets of change in each of the 25 states where THF has worked. We are now pooling the best of what we have learned and scaling it up in Uttarakhand," says Bhargava.
"By the year 2020, we aim to create a massive change across Uttarakhand in one of the nation's most powerful village development programmes," says Bhargava, who has visited India regularly in the past five years.
Bhargava is an entrepreneur, philanthropist and founder & CEO of Living Essentials , which sells '5-hour Energy' shots. Retail sales are estimated to be in the vicinity of $1 billion.
Early in his life, Bhargava did a variety of jobs and worked as a construction labourer, construction cleaning contractor, accounting clerk, taxi driver, printing press operator and business manager before he became a billionaire entrepreneur riding on the success of Living Essentials.
His foundation chose Uttarakhand as "it is the cradle of Indian civilisation, and a place most in need of large-scale development initiatives". The project is designed to significantly improve the quality of life of the low-income communities of the state.
Energy, water and health are the most critical elements for people, says Bhargava, adding, "Charity is very difficult to do right. Thinking through what people need: You can't start a charity without that. It's like starting a business without the product."
The Hans Foundation is a charitable trust fund that was created in 2009 to provide a source of endowment for not-for-profit organisations in India. As one of India's largest funds, THF provides grants and financial aid to grassroots organisations that are able to directly serve communities and also partners with larger international organisations for increased impact and large-scale work. Till August 2014, the foundation worked with partners to impact the lives of close to 600,000 people.
Bhargava's foundations include Knowledge Medical Charitable Trust and Rural India Charitable Trust. Both have funded medical research in the US and over 400 charities in India. Two of the major initiatives are hospitals for the poor and education for disadvantaged women in rural areas.
FEATURED ARTICLES

There s been a sharp slowdownSales at September 30, 2014
A CONTRASTED MARKET
-0.4% based on reported figures
Commenting on the figures, Jean-Paul Agon, Chairman and CEO of L'Oréal, said:
"In the third quarter, L'Oréal recorded low growth because of a slight contraction in the Consumer Products Division, as the mass market hit an air pocket in Western Europe.
On the other hand, there has been a succession of good news since the end of the summer:
a steady mass market improvement in the United States
continuing market growth in emerging countries
the resumption of our market share gains in the mass market in Western Europe during the third quarter
continuing good momentum in our Selective Divisions
and lastly, the favourable turnaround in the monetary environment.
In view of these factors, we think the Group's like-for-like growth should reaccelerate in the fourth quarter, particularly in the Consumer Products Division. This trend should be amplified by an extremely positive currencies effect.
Meanwhile, we are actively pursuing the strategic strengthening of our portfolio thanks to targeted acquisitions of complementary brands whose development will fuel the Group's like-for-like growth: brands with strong local presence such as Magic in China and Niely in Brazil, and brands with high international potential such as NYX, whose digitally-based business model is also a source of inspiration for our brands.
All in all, 2014 should be another year of improved economic performance for L'Oréal, with the Group slightly outperforming the worldwide cosmetics market, improving operating profitability, and increasing its net earnings per share, thanks in part to the accretive impact of the strategic transaction with Nestlé. This transaction will also ensure very strong growth in net income, thanks to a capital gain of about 2 billion euros."
A - Sales at September 30, 2014
Like-for-like, i.e. based on a comparable structure and identical exchange rates, L'Oréal Group's sales rose +3.3%.
The net impact of changes in consolidation was +0.1%. 
Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of -3.8%. If current exchange rates (i.e. €1=$1.2583) are extrapolated up to December 31, 2014, the impact of currency fluctuations would be -2.3% for the whole of 2014.
Growth at constant exchange rates was +3.4%.
Based on reported figures, the Group's sales, at September 30, 2014, amounted to 16.56 billion euros, a decrease of -0.4%. 
Sales by Operational Division and Geographic Zone  
The announcement on February 11, 2014, of the disposal of 50% of Galderma leads to account for this business in accordance with IFRS 5 accounting rule on discontinued operations. In accordance with IFRS 11 accounting rule, Innéov has been consolidated under the equity method as of January 1, 2014. All figures for earlier periods have been restated accordingly. 
 
3.3% 
-0.4% 
(1) As of July 1, 2013, Turkey and Israel, which had previously been recorded under the Africa, Middle East Zone, were transferred to the Eastern Europe Zone. All figures for earlier periods have been restated to allow for this change.
1) Cosmetics Divisions sales
PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS
The Professional Products Division posted growth of +2.8% like-for-like and +0.1% based on reported figures. In a market that is still difficult, the Division is improving its market share. 
 
Haircare, the number one contributor to growth, is being boosted by the success of Densifique and Discipline at Kérastase and Biolage and Oil Wonders at Matrix. In hair colour, Inoa at L'Oréal Professionnel and Color Graphics at Matrix are continuing their expansion. Styling remains dynamic, and the internationalisation of Essie is continuing.
The New Markets (excluding Japan) remain dynamic. The United States, Brazil and India are the main contributors to growth.
 
CONSUMER PRODUCTS
The Consumer Products Division recorded +1.2% like-for-like at end-September and -3.2% based on reported figures. The market is slowing down, held back in particular by poor summer weather in Western Europe.
L'Oréal Paris achieved growth thanks to the good performance in haircare, particularly with Fibralogy and the Huile Extraordinaire range, but also thanks to make-up with the success of Miss Manga mascara. Ultradoux by Garnier is maintaining its strong momentum with the Trésors de Miel launch. Superstay Better Skin by Maybelline is performing well and the brand is launching a new category with Brow Drama.
In Western Europe, the Division won market share in the third quarter in a contracting market. In North America, the trend of the Division is favourable and the Division is continuing to gain market share in haircare, with the sustained success of L'Oréal Paris Advanced Haircare and the strong dynamism of Garnier Fructis. The Division continues to make progress in South Asia. The Middle East and Spanish-speaking America are maintaining their fast growth.
 
L'ORÉAL LUXE
The sales of L'Oréal Luxe grew by +6.5% like-for-like and +3.2% based on reported figures at end-September. The Division is continuing to gain market share.
The top performers are the brands Yves Saint Laurent, with the promising launch of the Black Opium fragrance, and Giorgio Armani, particularly with its fragrances Sì and Sì Intense. Urban Decay is continuing to record double-digit growth, and is launching its new mascara Perversion. The swift internationalisation of Clarisonic is continuing, and Kiehl's is achieving another year of high growth in all Zones. Lancôme is continuing to prove successful with La vie est belle, relaunching Visionnaire LR 2412 and taking the headlines with Grandiôse mascara and its revolutionary brush applicator. The Division is growing in all categories, particularly in make-up, which is being prioritised this year.
The Division is winning market share all over the world, especially in China, the United States and Western Europe. E-commerce activity is also expanding rapidly.
 
ACTIVE COSMETICS
At end-September, the Active Cosmetics Division further improved its performance, with strong growth of +9.0% like-for-like and +4.9% based on reported figures.
Vichy had a good quarter in Europe with the renewal of its anti-ageing franchise LiftActiv, thanks to the launch of LiftActiv Suprême, the first daily facelift product. La Roche-Posay accelerated during the quarter with the renewal of the flagship product Lipikar Baume AP+, a revolutionary product for very dry and atopic skin. SkinCeuticals is continuing its international roll-out and the success of its innovative Resveratrol BE has been confirmed.
Driven by the strong momentum of its brands, the Division is accelerating and outperforming the market across all geographic Zones.
Multi-division summary by Geographic Zone
WESTERN EUROPE
The Group achieved growth of +1.8% like-for-like and +1.9% based on reported figures. In a market that is slowing, particularly in the mass market channel, the Group won market share in the third quarter thanks to its initiatives in haircare, hair colour and make-up. The Group is continuing to recover in Southern Europe even though the economic context is still tough. The good performance of the Selective Divisions is also worth noting, with L'Oréal Luxe and Active Cosmetics continuing to gain market share.
NORTH AMERICA
L'Oréal posted +0.9% like-for-like and -2.7% based on reported figures. The Professional Products, Active Cosmetics and L'Oréal Luxe Divisions are continuing to win market share, particularly with the American brands Redken, SkinCeuticals, Urban Decay and Kiehl's. In a market with a slightly more favourable trend in the third quarter, the Consumer Products Division achieved improved results, notably thanks to L'Oréal Paris which is winning market share. The recent acquisition of NYX, a brand that is expanding very strongly, is complementing and boosting the product offering of the Consumer Products Division.
 
NEW MARKETS
 
Asia, Pacific: At end-September, L'Oréal achieved growth of +5.5% like-for-like and +1.0% based on reported figures. If Japan is excluded, like-for-like growth reached +6.1%. Markets remain buoyant, although they are slowing. The Group is strengthening its positions, thanks to the very good performance of its brands Kiehl's, Yves Saint Laurent, Giorgio Armani, La Roche-Posay and Clarisonic. Amongst the countries, growth is high in India, Hong Kong and Australia. Magic Holdings, the acquisition made in China in the first half, is performing well.
Latin America: L'Oréal recorded +8.5% like-for-like and -5.2% based on reported figures. The Professional Products, Active Cosmetics and L'Oréal Luxe Divisions confirmed their good first-half performance, driven by L'Oréal Professionnel, Lancôme, Giorgio Armani, La Roche-Posay and Vichy. Growth in the Consumer Products Division is being driven by Maybelline, thanks especially to the kiosks initiative in Brazil, and by L'Oréal Paris with Elsève.
Eastern Europe: The Zone posted +6.1% like-for-like and -5.2% based on reported figures. L'Oréal Luxe and the Professional Products Division are continuing to achieve dynamic growth across the whole Zone. The Consumer Products Division is increasing its total market share in the Zone, with very good performances in deodorants, driven by the Garnier Neo launch, and in hair colour.
Africa, Middle East: The Group posted growth of +13.8% like-for-like and +10.1% based on reported figures. The brands are winning market share and proving extremely dynamic in South Africa, the Gulf states and Egypt, while there are contrasting situations in the Levant region. Amongst the categories, the Group has made breakthroughs in make-up, hair colour and, with L'Oréal Luxe, fragrances.
 
 
2) The Body Shop sales
At end-September, The Body Shop recorded sales of -0.7% like-for-like and +1.0% based on reported figures. Business is improving, with slight growth in the third quarter. Innovations are boosting the strategic skincare category. At September 30, 2014, The Body Shop has 3,056 points of sale, including those of Emporio Body Store in Brazil.
 
 
B - Important events during the period 07/01/14 to 09/30/14
On July 8, 2014, L'Oréal finalised the strategic transaction with Nestlé announced on February 11, 2014: the buyback by L'Oréal of 48.5 million of its own shares and the disposal by L'Oréal to Nestlé of its stake in Galderma. The sale of Galderma will result, in the second half, in a capital gain net of tax of about 2 billion euros.
On July 30, 2014, the acquisition of NYX Cosmetics, a mass market brand rooted in professional make-up artistry with its headquarters in Los Angeles, was finalised.
On September 8, 2014, L'Oréal announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire Niely Cosmeticos, the largest independent hair colour and hair care company in Brazil, with a net revenue of 140 million euros in 2013. The closing is subject to the usual regulatory approvals.
"This news release does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy L'Oréal shares. If you wish to obtain more comprehensive information about L'Oréal, please refer to the public documents registered in France with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, also available in English on our Internet site  www.loreal-finance.com .
This news release may contain some forward-looking statements. Although the Company considers that these statements are based on reasonable hypotheses at the date of publication of this release, they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or projected in these statements."
This is a free translation into English of the news release of the Sales at September 30, 2014 issued in the French language and is provided solely for the convenience of English speaking readers. In case of discrepancy, the French version prevails. 
Contacts at L'Oréal
Individual shareholders and market authorities
Mr Jean Régis CAROF

widening of the trade deficitAustralia trade deficit doubles on commodity prices
Australia's imports rose more than its exports in September, leading its trade deficit to more than double.
Australia beats growth forecast
Australia's trade deficit more than doubled to A$2.26bn (£1.2b; $1.96bn) in September, data showed.
Exports rose just 1% in the month, while imports were up 6% as Australia brought in more fuel.
The deficit, a balance of goods and services, widened a lot more than market expectations of A$1.95bn and compared to a revised deficit of A$1.013bn in July.
Falling prices of key commodities like iron ore is being blamed for the jump.
"The trade deficit for September came in worse than expected with falling commodity prices clearly weighing on export values," said AMP Capital chief economist Shane Oliver.
Export earnings in Australia, home to some of the world's biggest miners like BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, have been impacted by the slump in prices.
The price of iron ore is down 40% this year, while thermal coal prices are hovering near five-year lows of A$63 a tonne on oversupply in the market and slower demand from China.
The two commodities are Australia's top two exports.
Mixed economic view
Added to the ballooning trade deficit on Tuesday was revised employment data, which showed a weaker labour market.
New figures showed that 9,000 jobs were lost in August, compared to previous estimated rise of 32,100. But, the number of jobs lost in September was revised to 23,700, less than an initial estimate of 29,700.
The unemployment rate, however, was up to 6.2% in September from a previous estimate of 6.1%.
Mr Oliver of AMP said the economic data showed a mixed picture of the economy, which resulted in the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) leaving interest rates at a record low of 2.5% in its policy meeting today.
"Revised jobs data up to September now shows a slightly weaker jobs market over the last two months than previously reported with unemployment now drifting up," he said.
On the upside, retail sales grew at the fastest pace in 19 months in September, boosted by consumers buying Apple's new iPhones.
Sales rose 1.2% in September - the biggest gain since February 2013 - and above expectations of an only 0.4% increase.
More on This Story

latest economic forecasts 
Gradual recovery ahead
The European Commission's autumn forecast projects weak economic growth for the rest of this year in both the EU and the euro area. Real GDP growth is expected to reach 1.3% in the EU and 0.8% in the euro area for 2014 as a whole. Growth is expected to rise slowly in the course of 2015, to 1.5% and 1.1% respectively, on the back of improving foreign and domestic demand.
An acceleration of economic activity to 2.0% and 1.7% respectively in 2016 is expected to be driven by the strengthening of the financial sector (following the comprehensive assessment by the European Central Bank and further progress towards the Banking Union), as well as recent structural reforms starting to bear fruit.
GDP growth rate, EU
Differences between Member States are expected to decline
In 2014, the range of Member States' growth rates is expected to remain broad, from 4.6% (Ireland) to -2.8% (Cyprus). However, growth differences are expected to decline over the next two years. In 2015 and 2016, all EU countries are set to register positive growth. This is also when the lagged impact of already implemented reforms should be felt more strongly.
Growth map 2014
Growth map 2015
Labour market conditions improving only slowly
Job creation has been moderate and unemployment rates have fallen slightly from high levels. Since economic growth is expected to gain momentum gradually, more meaningful labour market improvements should occur towards the end of the forecast horizon. The unemployment rate is set to fall to 9.5% in the EU and 10.8 % in the euro area in 2016.
Employment growth and unemployment rate
Inflation should increase in 2015 and 2016
The trend towards lower inflation has continued over 2014 in EU Member States, driven by lower commodity prices and substantial economic slack. Inflation is set to remain very low in 2014. As economic activity gradually strengthens and wages rise, inflation should increase, also helped by the recent depreciation of the euro. In the EU, inflation is projected at 0.6% in 2014, 1.0% in 2015 and 1.6% in 2016. HICP (Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices) inflation in the euro area is forecast at 0.5% this year and 0.8% in 2015 before rising to 1.5% in 2016.
Inflation
Deficits are expected to continue falling
The reduction in general government deficits is set to continue. The deficit–to-GDP ratios in both the EU and the euro area are set to decrease further this year, albeit more slowly than in 2013, to respectively 3.0 % and 2.6 %. Government deficits are forecast to continue falling over the next two years, helped by strengthening economic activity. The fiscal policy stance is expected to be close to neutral in 2014 and 2015. The debt-to-GDP ratios of the EU and the euro area are expected to peak next year at 88.3 % and 94.8 % respectively (under the European System of Accounts 2010 definition).
General government balance
Risks to the outlook remain tilted to the downside
Downside risks to the growth outlook still dominate on the back of geopolitical tensions, fragility in financial markets and the risk of incomplete implementation of structural reforms. The risks to the inflation outlook remain balanced.
Additional tools

European Shares Rise  Japan s Nikkei Extends GainsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Chimp app aims to help beat addictionsNovember 4, 2014 12:54 am
Chimp app aims to cut alcohol abuse
Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9be4f76-634a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airtel joins GSMAs mobile health programmeNew Delhi, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 16:19 IST
Airtel joins GSMA’s mobile health programme
PTI
Tweet
Bharti Airtel on Tuesday said it has joined GSMA’s mobile health partnership programme which aims to provide a range of services to women and children across 11 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa.
”...collaborative partnership is aimed at developing sustainable mHealth services that meet public health needs,” Bharti Airtel said in a statement.
GSMA’s mobile health partnership programme was announced in June 2014. The partnership aims to connect the mobile and health industries to collaboratively develop commercially sustainable mHealth services that meet public health needs.
GSMA is a global body of telecom operators.
“This partnership takes full advantage of mobile technology to provide healthcare information and services in Sub-Saharan Africa to support the scale-up of mHealth in nutrition, maternal and child health,” Airtel Africa CEO Christian de Faria said.
He added the partnership will leverage existing and new Airtel SIMs to allow access to health content, health registration and data collection.
Airtel said through these commitments health content, patient registration, data collection and critical diagnostics will increase the access to health care for vulnerable women and children across Africa, while providing the delivery mechanism for mHealth services.
“The GSMA mHealth programme is committed to connecting the mobile and health industries to develop commercially sustainable mHealth services...,” GSMA Chief Regulatory Officer Tom Phillips said.

Maruti investing about Rs 4 000 cr in 2-3 ye...Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
Hyderabad: Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said today.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS," he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.

Greenply Industries Q2 Net Up 39% to Rs 37.03 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Greenply Industries Q2 Net Up 39% to Rs 37.03 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:45 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi: Plywood maker Greenply Industries today reported 39.63 per cent increase in its standalone net profit to Rs 37.03 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014.
The company had posted a standalone net profit of Rs 26.52 crore in the corresponding period last year, Greenply Industries said in a filing to the BSE.
Total income from operations during July-September quarter increased by 6.74 per cent to Rs 623.41 crore from Rs 584.03 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
For the first half of 2014-15 fiscal, the company's standalone net profit also increased 37.01 per cent to Rs 67.26 crore as against Rs 49.09 crore in the corresponding period.
Total income from operations in the first half increased 7.10 per cent to Rs 1,140.50 crore from Rs 1,064.82 crore in the same period last year.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:42 (IST)

Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to Get $1.15 Million SalaryYou are here: Home Corporates
Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to Get $1.15 Million Salary
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:12 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
New Delhi:
Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar, its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of $1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances.
Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of $1 million per annum plus $1.5 lakh in a special allowance/Foreign Service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one-time joining bonus of $1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full-time CEO since its long-standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group-controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised of Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company's annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders' nod for the appointment.
"He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro-Canada and Suncor Energy. Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on-ground execution," Cairn said in the notice.
He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited. He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango's resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. P K Mukherjee, the Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd's iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act.
"Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act," it added.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Siemens paves way to hive off healthcare: So...Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: German engineering group Siemens will take a first major step on Wednesday to separate its 14 billion-euro ($18 billion) healthcare unit from the rest of the company, two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Tuesday.
Siemens fears large investments will be needed in the high-margin business as new diagnostic methods and new rivals such as Samsung heighten competition with traditional rivals like General Electric and Philips .
Siemens' supervisory board will decide on Wednesday on the creation of new healthcare country units, including in Germany, capable of holding licences for products such as imaging equipment independently of Siemens AG , said one of the sources.
This would enable the subsequent legal separation of the healthcare division as a whole from the rest of the company.
The Munich-based company declined to comment.
Shares in Siemens turned positive on the news and were trading up 0.8 per cent at 89.75 euros by 1119 GMT.
Siemens, once a conglomerate that made everything from mobile phones to lightbulbs to steam turbines, has been shedding its consumer businesses over the past several years to focus on industrial electrification, automation and digitalisation.
It has sold some businesses in the past, including Siemens Mobile and its stake in Fujitsu-Siemens computers. Most recently, it spun off lighting company Osram to existing shareholders.
Siemens' healthcare division, which makes equipment for medical imaging, in-vitro diagnostics and clinical IT systems, accounted for 18 per cent of 2013 sales. It had a core profit margin of 20 per cent, the highest of Siemens' four divisions.
The division also includes hearing aids, whose 2 billion-euro sale to private equity firm EQT is also expected to be agreed by he supervisory board on Wednesday.

Why Maruti has set aside Rs 4 000 croreHi Guest
Why Maruti has set aside Rs 4,000 crore
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore (Rs 40 billion) in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday. MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said. "Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and ...

Scott Price to be Walmart head for AsiaWalmart renames Scott Price as President & CEO for Asia
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 05.29PM IST
Tags:
Asia
(US retail giant Walmart…)
NEW DELHI: US retail giant Walmart today said Scott Price has been renamed President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart Asia with immediate effect, six months after he was promoted to take up an international role.
Price will continue to lead important functions in Walmart home office that span its entire international portfolio, the company said.
"Scott Price, who is currently Executive Vice President, Strategy and International Development, Walmart Stores Inc, will take on the additional responsibility as President and Chief Executive Officer - Walmart Asia, effective immediately," Walmart spokesperson told.
The regional role in Asia is an addition to these responsibilities. He will operate out of Walmart's headquarter in Bentonville.
"This includes managing Real Estate, Information Technology, Private Brands and Business Development," the company said.
In April, Walmart China head Greg Foran replaced Price as the new chief executive for Asia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba has reported a net incomeAlibaba Group Announces September Quarter 2014 Results
Tuesday, November 4, 2014 7:00 am EST
Dateline:
BABA
"Our financial performance this quarter was robust, with revenue growing        54% year on year"
HANGZHOU, China--( BUSINESS WIRE )--Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) today announced its financial        results for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
“We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key        operating metrics,” said Jonathan Lu, chief executive officer of Alibaba        Group. “Our business continues to perform well, and our results reflect        both the strength of our ecosystem and the strong foundation we have for        sustainable growth. On our China retail marketplaces, gross merchandise        volume for the quarter increased 49% and annual active buyers increased        52% year on year. We extended our unrivaled leadership in mobile with        217 million monthly active users on our mobile commerce apps in        September and US$95 billion in mobile GMV for the twelve months ended        September 2014. We are also encouraged by continued improvement of        mobile monetization which demonstrates the strong commercial intent of        our users.”
“Our financial performance this quarter was robust, with revenue growing        54% year on year,” said Maggie Wei Wu, chief financial officer of        Alibaba Group. “We continue to execute our focused growth strategy, and        the fundamental strength of our business gives us the confidence to        invest in new initiatives to add new users, improving engagement and        customer experience, expand our products and services and drive        long-term shareholder value.”
September Quarter Operational and Financial        Highlights
Operational highlights:
Mobile GMV as a percentage of total GMV(2)
14.7%
Mobile Monthly Active Users (MAUs)(4)
91
Three months ended September 30,
 
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)
 
Diluted Earnings per Share/ADS (EPS)
2.13
*
 
Decrease primarily due to the significant increase in share-based            compensation expense and amortization of intangible assets in the            September quarter 2014, as discussed in details below.
(1)
This release contains translation of certain Renminbi (“RMB”) into            U.S. dollars (“US$”) for the convenience of the reader. Unless            otherwise stated, all translations of RMB into US$ were made at            RMB6.1380 to US$1.00, the exchange rate set forth in the H.10            statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on September 30,            2014. The percentages stated in this release are calculated based on            the RMB amounts.
(2)
For the three months ended on the respective dates. Based on the            aggregate value of confirmed orders of products and services on our            marketplaces, regardless of how, or whether, the buyer and seller            settle the transaction.
(3)
For the twelve months ended on the respective dates. Active buyers            are user accounts that confirmed one or more orders on the relevant            marketplace in that period, regardless of whether or not the buyer            and seller settle the transaction.
(4)
For the month ended on the respective dates. Based on the aggregate            mobile MAUs of apps that contribute GMV on our China retail            marketplaces.
(5)
See the sections entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” and              “Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures to the Nearest Comparable              GAAP Measures” for more information about the non-GAAP measures              referred to within this release.
 
GMV – GMV transacted on our China retail marketplaces in the        quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB555,666 million (US$90,529        million), an increase of 48.7% compared to the same quarter of 2013. GMV        transacted on Taobao Marketplace in the quarter ended September 30, 2014        was RMB379,832 million (US$61,882 million), an increase of 38.2%        compared to the same quarter of 2013. GMV transacted on Tmall in the        quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB175,834 million (US$28,647        million), an increase of 77.8% compared to the same quarter of 2013. The        growth was primarily driven by an increase in number of active buyers.
Mobile GMV – Mobile GMV in the quarter ended September 30, 2014        was RMB199,054 million (US$32,430 million), or 35.8% of total GMV        transacted on our China retail marketplaces in this quarter, compared to        32.8% in the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and 14.7% in the same quarter        of 2013. The growth was primarily driven by increases in the monthly        active users accessing our platforms through mobile devices.
Annual active buyers – China retail marketplaces had 307        million annual active buyers in the twelve months ended September 30,        2014, compared to 279 million in the twelve months ended June 30, 2014        and 202 million in the twelve months ended September 30, 2013,        representing an increase of 52.0% compared to the same period in 2013.
Mobile MAUs – Mobile MAUs grew to 217 million in the month        ended September 30, 2014, compared to 188 million in the month ended        June 30, 2014, representing a net addition of 29 million MAUs in three        months, and a 138.5% increase from 91 million in the month ended        September 30, 2013.
Revenue – Revenue increased by 53.7% to RMB16,829 million        (US$2,742 million) in the quarter ended September 30, 2014, compared to        RMB10,950 million in the same quarter of 2013. Revenue from China        commerce retail business increased by 47.7% to RMB12,769 million        (US$2,080 million), compared to RMB8,645 million in the same quarter of        2013, mainly driven by the growth in online marketing service revenue        and commission revenue. Mobile revenue increased by 1,020.2% to RMB3,719        million (US$606 million) in the quarter ended September 30, 2014,        compared to RMB332 million in the same quarter of 2013.
Income from operations – Income from operations in the quarter        ended September 30, 2014 was RMB4,345 million (US$708 million), or 25.8%        of revenue, a decrease of 17.2% compared to RMB5,248 million in the same        quarter of 2013. The decrease was primarily due to share-based        compensation charges (see “Share-based compensation expense” below) and        an increase in amortization of intangible assets.
Non-GAAP EBITDA – Non-GAAP EBITDA increased by 30.6% to        RMB8,493 million (US$1,384 million) in the quarter ended September 30,        2014, compared to RMB6,505 million in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP        EBITDA margin was 50.5% in the quarter ended September 30, 2014. This        was a decrease from 59.4% in the September quarter of 2013 and from        54.4% in the June quarter of 2014. The decrease in non-GAAP EBITDA        margin was primarily due to (i) the consolidation of newly acquired        businesses, mainly including UCWeb Inc., or UCWeb, AutoNavi Holding        Limited, or AutoNavi, (ii) planned investments in new business        initiatives, such as our mobile operating system, local services and        digital entertainment, and (iii) increased tactical marketing spending        during the September quarter.
Net income – Our net income in the quarter ended September 30,        2014 was RMB3,030 million (US$494 million), a decrease of 38.6% compared        to RMB4,937 million in the same quarter of 2013. The decrease was        primarily due to the share-based compensation charges and increased        amortization expense as discussed above, and an increase in our        effective tax rate.
Non-GAAP net income – Non-GAAP net income increased by        15.5% to RMB6,808 million (US$1,109 million) in the quarter ended        September 30, 2014, compared to RMB5,893 million in the same quarter of        2013.
Diluted EPS and non-GAAP diluted EPS – Diluted EPS in the quarter        ended September 30, 2014 was RMB1.24 (US$0.20) on 2,438 million diluted        shares outstanding, a decrease of 41.8% compared to RMB2.13 on 2,317        million diluted shares outstanding in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP        diluted EPS in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB2.79        (US$0.45) on 2,438 million diluted shares outstanding, an increase of        9.4% compared to RMB2.55 on 2,317 million diluted shares outstanding in        the same quarter of 2013.
September Quarter Financial Results
Revenue – Revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was        RMB16,829 million (US$2,742 million), an increase of 53.7% compared to        RMB10,950 million in the same quarter of 2013. The increase was mainly        driven by the continuing rapid growth of our China commerce retail        business.
China commerce retail business – Revenue from China commerce          retail business in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB12,769          million (US$2,080 million), or 75.9% of total revenue, an increase of          47.7% compared to RMB8,645 million in the same quarter of 2013. The          increase was mainly driven by the growth in online marketing services          revenue and commission revenue. Commission revenue accounted for 33.5%          of China commerce retail revenue in the quarter ended September 30,          2014, compared to 24.8% in the same quarter of 2013. Revenue growth          during this period occurred in the context of and reflected an          increase of 48.7% in GMV transacted on our China retail marketplaces,          which was primarily driven by a 52.0% increase in the number of active          buyers. Monetization rate remained stable at 2.30% in the quarter          ended September 30, 2014, compared to 2.31% in the same quarter of          2013. Mobile revenue in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was          RMB3,719 million (US$606 million), representing 29.1% of China          commerce retail business revenue, compared to 19.4% in the quarter          ended June 30, 2014 and 3.8% in the same quarter of 2013. Mobile          revenue increased as a result of increased mobile GMV and increased          mobile monetization rate to 1.87%, up from 1.49% in the quarter ended          June 30, 2014 and 0.61% in the same quarter of 2013.
China commerce wholesale business – Revenue from our China          commerce wholesale business in the quarter ended September 30, 2014          was RMB790 million (US$129 million), an increase of 39.1% compared to          RMB568 million in the same quarter of 2013. The increase in revenue          was due to an increase in paying members and an increase in average          revenue from paying members.
International commerce retail business – Revenue from our          international commerce retail business in the quarter ended September          30, 2014 was RMB419 million (US$68 million), nearly doubling from          RMB210 million in the same quarter of 2013. The main reason for this          increase was an increase in GMV transacted on AliExpress.
International commerce wholesale business – Revenue from our          international commerce wholesale business in the quarter ended          September 30, 2014 was RMB1,198 million (US$195 million), an increase          of 24.0% compared to RMB966 million in the same quarter of 2013. The          main reason for this increase was an increase in the number of paying          members.
Cost of revenue – Cost of revenue in the quarter ended September        30, 2014 was RMB5,596 million (US$912 million), or 33.3% of revenue,        compared to RMB3,001 million, or 27.4% of revenue, in the same quarter        of 2013. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase in        share-based compensation expense caused by the re-measurement at period        end to fair value of share-based awards granted to the employees of        Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Company, Ltd., or Ant        Financial, and (ii) an increase in co-location, bandwidth and        depreciation expenses as a result of our investments in Alibaba Cloud        Computing and our data platform.
Product development expenses – Product development expenses in        the quarter ended September 30, 2014 were RMB2,581 million (US$421        million), or 15.3% of revenue, compared to RMB1,168 million, or 10.7% of        revenue in the same quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily due to        an increase in payroll and benefit expense including share-based        compensation expense. Our product development headcount increased as we        continue to focus on new and existing product development and as a        result of our acquisitions of UCWeb and AutoNavi.
Sales and marketing expenses – Sales and marketing expenses in        the quarter ended September 30, 2014 were RMB1,749 million (US$285        million), or 10.4% of revenue, compared to RMB657 million, or 6.0% of        revenue in the same quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily due to        an increase in tactical advertising and promotional spending mainly to        promote our China retail marketplaces during this quarter when intense        global interest in Alibaba enhanced the effectiveness of marketing        campaigns. Additionally, the consolidation of marketing expense in        acquired businesses, including UCWeb and AutoNavi, and an increase in        promoting new business initiatives (including local services and digital        entertainment) also contributed to the increase of sales and marketing        expenses in this quarter.
General and administrative expenses – General and administrative        expenses in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 were RMB1,960 million        (US$319 million), or 11.6% of revenue, compared to RMB793 million, or        7.2% of revenue in the same quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily        due to an increase in share-based compensation expense.
Share-based compensation expense – Share-based compensation        expense included in respective cost or expense items above in the        quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB3,010 million (US$490 million),        or 17.9% of revenue, an increase of 248.4% compared to RMB864 million,        or 7.9% of revenue, in the same quarter of 2013. Share-based        compensation expense as a percentage of revenue increased due to        performance-based and retention grants of share-based awards to our        employees and members of executive management prior to our initial        public offering, with vesting periods ranging from four to six years, as        well as the re-measurement charge relating to share-based awards granted        to the employees of Ant Financial as described under Cost of Revenue        above.
Amortization of intangible assets – Amortization of intangible        assets in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB598 million (US$97        million), a significant increase from RMB39 million in the same quarter        of 2013. The increase was primarily related to the strategic        acquisitions, including UCWeb and AutoNavi.
Income from operations – Income from operations in the quarter        ended September 30, 2014 was RMB4,345 million (US$708 million), or 25.8%        of revenue, a decrease of 17.2% compared to RMB5,248 million, or 47.9%        of revenue, in the same quarter of 2013. The decrease was primarily due        to an increase in share-based compensation expense and an increase in        amortization of intangible assets.
Non-GAAP EBITDA – Non-GAAP EBITDA increased by 30.6% to RMB8,493        million (US$1,384 million) in the quarter ended September 30, 2014,        compared to RMB6,505 million in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP        EBITDA margin was 50.5% in the quarter ended September 30, 2014. This        was a decrease from 59.4% in the September quarter of 2013 and from        54.4% in the June quarter of 2014. The decrease in non-GAAP EBITDA        margin was primarily due to (i) the consolidation of newly acquired        businesses, mainly including UCWeb and AutoNavi, (ii) planned        investments in new business initiatives, such as our mobile operating        system, local services and digital entertainment, and (iii) increased        tactical marketing spending during the September quarter. A        reconciliation of income from operations to non-GAAP EBITDA is included        at the end of this release.
Interest and investment income, net – Interest and investment        income, net in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB468 million        (US$76 million), an increase of 47.2% compared to RMB318 million in the        same quarter of 2013. The increase in net interest and investment income        was primarily due to a net gain recognized with respect to the        revaluation of previously held equity interests relating to the merger        of AutoNavi, and an increase in interest income as a result of higher        cash balance during the period, partially offset by losses recognized        with respect to the revaluation of convertible bonds in connection with        our strategic investments in publicly traded entities.
Interest expense – Interest expense in the quarter ended        September 30, 2014 was RMB521 million (US$85 million), an increase of        39.3% compared to RMB374 million in the same quarter of 2013. The        increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in average        loan amount outstanding during the period following the drawdown in        April 2014 of the remaining US$3.0 billion under a US$8.0 billion credit        facility.
Other income, net – Other income, net in the quarter ended        September 30, 2014 was RMB378 million (US$62 million), a decrease of        2.8% compared to RMB389 million in the same quarter of 2013. For the        quarter ended September 30, 2014, other income, net, primarily included        royalty fees and software technology service fees received from Ant        Financial which increased to RMB430 million (US$70 million) in the        quarter ended September 30, 2014 from RMB204 million in the same quarter        of 2013, and RMB195 million of expenses relating to the sale of shares        by existing shareholders in our initial public offering.
Income tax expenses – Income tax expenses in the quarter ended        September 30, 2014 were RMB1,339 million (US$218 million), an increase        of 110.2% compared to RMB637 million in the same quarter of 2013. The        increase was primarily due to the increase in taxable income from our        operations in China. Our effective tax rate increased to 28.7% in the        quarter ended September 30, 2014 from 11.4% in the same quarter of 2013.        Excluding share-based compensation expense which is not deductible for        income tax purposes, and gain on revaluation of investments which are        not subject to income tax, our effective tax rate would have been 17.6%        in the quarter ended September 30, 2014, compared to 9.9% in the same        quarter of 2013. Such increase was primarily because the enterprise        income tax, or EIT, exemption period of one of our major subsidiaries        expired and such subsidiary became subject to an EIT rate of 12.5% (or        50% of the statutory EIT rate) in calendar year 2014.
Net income and non-GAAP net income – As a result of the        foregoing, our net income in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was        RMB3,030 million (US$494 million), a decrease of 38.6% compared to        RMB4,937 million in the same quarter of 2013. Excluding the effects of        share-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets and        certain other items, non-GAAP net income in the quarter ended September        30, 2014 was RMB6,808 million (US$1,109 million), an increase of 15.5%        compared to RMB5,893 million in the same quarter of 2013. A        reconciliation of net income to non-GAAP net income is included at the        end of this release.
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders – Net income        attributable to ordinary shareholders in the quarter ended September 30,        2014 was RMB2,976 million (US$485 million), a decrease of 39.1% compared        to RMB4,883 million in the same quarter of 2013.
Diluted EPS and non-GAAP diluted EPS – Diluted EPS in the quarter        ended September 30, 2014 was RMB1.24 (US$0.20) on 2,438 million diluted        shares outstanding, a decrease of 41.8% compared to RMB2.13 on 2,317        million diluted shares outstanding in the same quarter of 2013.        Excluding the effects of share-based compensation expense, amortization        of intangible assets and certain other items, non-GAAP diluted EPS in        the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB2.79 (US$0.45), an increase        of 9.4% compared to RMB2.55 in the same quarter of 2013. A        reconciliation of diluted EPS to the non-GAAP diluted EPS is included at        the end of this release.
Cash – As of September 30, 2014, cash, cash equivalents and        short-term investments were RMB109,911 million (US$17,906 million),        compared to RMB43,632 million as of March 31, 2014.
Cash flow from operating activities and free cash flow – Net cash        provided by operating activities in the quarter ended September 30, 2014        was RMB5,865 million (US$955 million), an increase of 29.6% compared to        RMB4,526 million in the same quarter of 2013. Capital expenditures in        the quarter ended September 30, 2014 were RMB3,396 million (US$553        million), compared to RMB1,140 million in the same quarter of 2013.        Capital expenditures in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 included        cash outflow for acquisition of land use rights and construction in        progress of RMB1,703 million. Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measurement of        liquidity, in the quarter ended September 30, 2014 was RMB8,938 million        (US$1,456 million), an increase of 33.7% compared to RMB6,683 million in        the same quarter of 2013. A reconciliation of net cash provided by        operating activities to free cash flow, the non-GAAP measure of        liquidity, is included at the end of this release.
Net cash used in investing activities – During the quarter ended        September 30, 2014, net cash used in investing activities of RMB32,555        million (US$5,304 million) mainly included disbursements for short-term        investments of RMB13,807 million (US$2,249 million), capital expenditure        of RMB3,396 million (US$553 million) as well as investment and        acquisition activities of RMB15,912 million (US$2,592 million). The cash        outflows related to our previously announced investment and acquisition        activities included: (i) the merger of AutoNavi, a leading provider of        digital map content and navigation and location-based solutions in        China, of RMB6,348 million; (ii) investment in Intime Retail (Group)        Company Limited, one of China’s leading department store operators, of        RMB4,264 million; (iii) investment in Singapore Post Limited, the        national postal service provider in Singapore and a leading provider of        ecommerce and logistics solutions in the Asia-Pacific region, of        RMB1,548 million; and (iv) investment in Guangzhou Evergrande Football        Club, China’s first-ever winner of the Asian Football Confederation        Champions League Cup, of RMB1,200 million.
Webcast and Conference Call Information
A live webcast of the earnings conference call, which will be held        shortly following the release of this announcement, can be accessed at http://www.alibabagroup.com/en/ir/earnings .        An archived webcast will be available through the same link following        the call. A replay of the conference call will be available for two        weeks (dial-in number: +1 855-859-2056; conference ID: 24286757).
Please visit Alibaba Group’s Investor Relations website at http://www.alibabagroup.com/en/ir/home on November 4, 2014 to view the earnings release and accompanying slides        prior to the conference call.
About Alibaba Group
Alibaba Group's mission is to make it easy to do business anywhere. The        company is the largest online and mobile commerce company in the world        in terms of gross merchandise volume. Founded in 1999, the company        provides the fundamental technology infrastructure and marketing reach        to help businesses leverage the power of the Internet to establish an        online presence and conduct commerce with hundreds of millions of        consumers and other businesses.
Alibaba Group's major businesses include:
Taobao Marketplace ( www.taobao.com ),          China's largest online shopping destination
Tmall.com ( www.tmall.com ),          China's largest third-party platform for brands and retailers
Juhuasuan ( www.juhuasuan.com ),          China's most popular online group buying marketplace
Alitrip ( www.alitrip.com ),          a leading online travel booking platform
AliExpress ( www.aliexpress.com ),          a global online marketplace for consumers to buy directly from China
Alibaba.com ( www.alibaba.com ),          China's largest global online wholesale platform for small businesses
1688.com ( www.1688.com ),          a leading online wholesale marketplace in China
Alibaba Cloud Computing ( www.aliyun.com ),          a provider of cloud computing services to businesses and entrepreneurs
Alibaba Group also provides payment and/or escrow services on its        marketplaces through its contractual arrangements with Ant Financial        Services Group, a related company of Alibaba Group that operates Alipay ( www.alipay.com ).
Through China Smart Logistics (or Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain        Management Co., Ltd.), a 48%-owned affiliate, Alibaba Group operates a        central logistics information system that connects a network of express        delivery companies in China.
Safe Harbor Statements
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements        are made under the “safe harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private        Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking        statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,”        “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,”        “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” “targets” and similar statements.        Among other things, statements that are not historical facts, including        statements about Alibaba’s beliefs and expectations, the business        outlook and quotations from management in this announcement, as well as        Alibaba’s strategic and operational plans, are or contain        forward-looking statements. Alibaba may also make written or oral        forward-looking statements in its periodic reports to the U.S.        Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), in press releases and        other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers,        directors or employees to third parties. Forward-looking statements        involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could        cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any        forward-looking statement, including but not limited to the following:        Alibaba’s goals and strategies; Alibaba’s future business development;        Alibaba’s ability to maintain the trusted status of its ecosystem,        reputation and brand; Alibaba’s ability to retain or increase engagement        of buyers, sellers and other participants in its ecosystem and enable        new offerings; Alibaba’s ability to successfully monetize traffic on its        mobile platform; risks associated with limitation or restriction of        services provided by Alipay; risks associated with increased investments        in Alibaba’s business; risks associated with acquisitions; privacy and        regulatory concerns; competition; security breaches; the continued        growth of the e-commerce market in China and globally; and fluctuations        in general economic and business conditions in China and globally and        assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Further        information regarding these and other risks is included in Alibaba’s        filings with the SEC. All information provided in this press release and        in the attachments is as of the date of this press release and are based        on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date, and        Alibaba does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking        statement, except as required under applicable law.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
To supplement its consolidated financial statements, which are prepared        and presented in accordance with GAAP, Alibaba Group uses the following        non-GAAP financial measures: non-GAAP EBITDA (including non-GAAP EBITDA        margin), non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted EPS and free cash flow.        For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please refer        to the table captioned “Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures to the        Nearest Comparable GAAP Measures” in this press release.
Alibaba Group believes that non-GAAP EBITDA, non-GAAP net income and        non-GAAP diluted EPS help identify underlying trends in its business        that could otherwise be distorted by the effect of the expenses that        Alibaba Group includes in income from operations, net income and diluted        EPS. Alibaba Group believes that non-GAAP EBITDA, non-GAAP net income        and non-GAAP diluted EPS provide useful information about its operating        results, enhance the overall understanding of its past performance and        future prospects and allow for greater visibility with respect to key        metrics used by our management in its financial and operational        decision-making. Alibaba Group considers free cash flow to be a        liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and        investors about the amount of cash generated by its business that can be        used for strategic corporate transactions, including investing in its        new business initiatives, making strategic investments and acquisitions        and strengthening its balance sheet. Non-GAAP EBITDA, non-GAAP net        income, non-GAAP diluted EPS and free cash flow should not be considered        in isolation or construed as an alternative to net income, diluted EPS,        cash flows or any other measure of performance or as an indicator of        Alibaba Group’s operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures        presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures        presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly        titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative        measures to our data.
Non-GAAP EBITDA represents income from operations (which excludes        interest and investment income, net, interest expense, other income,        net, income tax expenses and share of results of equity investees)        before certain non-cash expenses, consisting of share-based compensation        expense, amortization, depreciation and impairment of goodwill and        intangible assets that Alibaba Group does not believe are reflective of        its core operating performance during the periods presented.
Non-GAAP net income represents net income before share-based        compensation expense, amortization, impairment of goodwill, intangible        assets and investments, gain (loss) on deemed        disposals/disposals/revaluation of investments, amortization of excess        value receivable arising from the restructuring of commercial        arrangement with Ant Financial, and a one-time expense item consisting        of the expenses relating to the sale of shares by existing shareholders        in our initial public offering.
Non-GAAP diluted EPS represents non-GAAP net income attributable        to ordinary shareholders divided by the weighted average number of        shares outstanding during the periods on a diluted basis, including        accounting for the effects of the assumed conversion of convertible        preference shares.
Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating        activities as presented in Alibaba Group’s consolidated cash flow        statement less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets        (excluding acquisition of land use rights and construction in progress)        and adjusted for changes in loan receivables relating to micro loans of        its SME loan business. Alibaba Group presents the adjustment for changes        in loan receivables because such receivables are reflected under cash        flow from operating activities, whereas the secured borrowings and other        bank borrowings used to finance them are reflected under cash flows from        financing activities, and accordingly, the adjustment is made to show        cash flows from operating activities net of the effect of changes in        loan receivables.
The tables captioned “Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Measures to the        Nearest Comparable GAAP Measures” in this press release has more details        on the non-GAAP financial measures that are most directly comparable to        GAAP financial measures and the related reconciliations between these        financial measures.
ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS
 
Three months ended September 30,
 
Six months ended September 30,
2013

Gold deposit scheme can cut imports by 250 t...gold deposit scheme
(The country's gold imports…)
NEW DELHI: The country's gold imports could come down by 250 tonnes a year if the government re-launches a gold deposit scheme and mobilises at least one per cent of estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock lying with Indians, according to the gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp.
The current gold deposit scheme, launched in 1999, is beyond the reach of most households as it mandates a minimum deposit of 500 grams. Only temples and trusts are taking advantage of this scheme and not the general householders.
"There is a need to re-launch a gold deposit scheme with a minimum 40 grams of gold deposits. Even if we mobilise one per cent of the estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock, we will be able reduce imports by 250 tonnes a year," MMTC Pamp Managing Director Rajesh Khosla said.
The company has proposed a minimum gold deposit of 40 grams after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country. "The RBI has said that the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for a notification," he said.
Stating that India's gold demand is unlikely to come down even if the government further tightens import norms, Khosla said. "The only way is to get the idle gold in circulation through a gold deposit scheme tailored specially for general households and not for banks and large gold holders."
The proposed scheme will help in balancing the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down the current account deficit (CAD), he added.
If the proposed scheme takes off, Khosla said the company will act as an enabler in the gold deposit scheme since it is the only refinery to be accredited with London Bullion Markets Association.
MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland's PAMP, said under the proposed scheme it will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks.
India, the world's largest gold consumer, imports 800-900 tonnes of yellow metal every year. The country is estimated to have imported 410 tonnes in the first half of this fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Street cheers Alibaba s first earnings reportWall Street digests Alibaba’s first earnings report
By: Adam Shell November 4, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 
(AP)
When the initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba went off on Sept. 19 with great fanfare — and a 38% first-day stock pop — it also carried with it a negative stigma. Sept. 19, the day of the BABA IPO, was also the day the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 hit what at the time was an intraday record. The Alibaba hype was cited by many market skeptics as the day the stock market topped.
But that negative story line ended Friday, when the benchmark U.S. stock index closed at a new record, erasing all of the nearly 10% loss it suffered from its Sept. 19 intraday peak to its session low on Oct. 15.
Now, Alibaba ( BABA ) is back in the news. The powerful Chinese Internet stock made a new all-time high Monday, climbing $3.20, or 3.3%, to $101.80. Today it releases its first quarterly earnings report since it became a public company six weeks ago.
Alibaba will likely have to top forecasts in a major way for the needle on the stock to keep pointing north. Alibaba must hurdle the 45 cents-a-share profit and $2.64 billion in revenue that analysts forecast, Thomson Reuters says.
(BREAKING NEWS: Alibaba’s earnings per share came in in-line with expectations at 45 cents. But its revenue of $2.74 billion topped Wall Street forecasts. In pre-market trading around 8:15 a.m. ET, BABA shares were trading unchanged, after being up as much as 3.5% this morning.)
The broad U.S. stock gauges won’t get a Alibaba-specific boost today because Alibaba is a Chinese company and is not a component of any of the major U.S. stock indexes. Any stock market benefit from Alibaba’s rising stock price today on its earnings report will be mostly sentiment driven. Following Alibaba’s profit report this morning, the Dow Jones industrial average was trading down 6 points in pre-market trading, which is better than the -20 prior to the Alibaba announcement.
The timing of the earnings report coincides with the S&P 500’s run Friday to its 35th record high of 2014.
Alibaba’s stock has been hot since hitting its closing low for the year Oct. 14, when it tumbled to $84.95. It has climbed 19.8% since. The stock remains richly priced. Expectations remain high on Wall Street.
 

http://usat.ly/1x32oGaJohn Bacon
1 month, 1 week ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

http://usat.ly/1up8rGBPhoto by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images
Q: Is Spotify a swift way to profit?
A: Taylor Swift’s decision to pull her albums from the music streaming service Spotify draws into question how artists and investors can profit from music. Investors looking to profit from streaming music also have to look elsewhere.
Spotify is controlled by privately held Spotify Technology, a company incorporated in 2006 in Luxembourg. It’s still a small company that little is known about since it’s not publicly traded. The company had revenue of $266 million and posted a loss of $59 million as of the end of 2011, which is the latest S&P Capital IQ has financial information on the firm. So far, investors who wish to speculate on the future of music being a streaming service have focused on other publicly traded plays.
The best-known publicly traded music streaming business is Pandora (P). Shares of Pandora have lost about a quarter of their value this year to trade for about $20 as the company’s growth rate slows and it continues to post net losses.  Analysts are still bullish, though, and they have an average 18-month price target on the stock of $31.34. The question, though, is whether independent music streaming services can keep their market share edge as Apple (AAPL) gets deeper in the industry with the acquisition of Beats and Microsoft (MSFT) changes its cloud-based streaming offerings.

http://usat.ly/1rXRX15Wall Street digests Alibaba’s first earnings report
By: Adam Shell November 4, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 
(AP)
When the initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba went off on Sept. 19 with great fanfare — and a 38% first-day stock pop — it also carried with it a negative stigma. Sept. 19, the day of the BABA IPO, was also the day the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 hit what at the time was an intraday record. The Alibaba hype was cited by many market skeptics as the day the stock market topped.
But that negative story line ended Friday, when the benchmark U.S. stock index closed at a new record, erasing all of the nearly 10% loss it suffered from its Sept. 19 intraday peak to its session low on Oct. 15.
Now, Alibaba ( BABA ) is back in the news. The powerful Chinese Internet stock made a new all-time high Monday, climbing $3.20, or 3.3%, to $101.80. Today it releases its first quarterly earnings report since it became a public company six weeks ago.
Alibaba will likely have to top forecasts in a major way for the needle on the stock to keep pointing north. Alibaba must hurdle the 45 cents-a-share profit and $2.64 billion in revenue that analysts forecast, Thomson Reuters says.
(BREAKING NEWS: Alibaba’s earnings per share came in in-line with expectations at 45 cents. But its revenue of $2.74 billion topped Wall Street forecasts. In pre-market trading around 8:15 a.m. ET, BABA shares were trading unchanged, after being up as much as 3.5% this morning.)
The broad U.S. stock gauges won’t get a Alibaba-specific boost today because Alibaba is a Chinese company and is not a component of any of the major U.S. stock indexes. Any stock market benefit from Alibaba’s rising stock price today on its earnings report will be mostly sentiment driven. Following Alibaba’s profit report this morning, the Dow Jones industrial average was trading down 6 points in pre-market trading, which is better than the -20 prior to the Alibaba announcement.
The timing of the earnings report coincides with the S&P 500’s run Friday to its 35th record high of 2014.
Alibaba’s stock has been hot since hitting its closing low for the year Oct. 14, when it tumbled to $84.95. It has climbed 19.8% since. The stock remains richly priced. Expectations remain high on Wall Street.
 

Burger King reportedburger king reported
SUZANNE PLUNKETT / Reuterssuzanne plunkett / reuters
Thermax reports over two-fold jump in Q2 profit at Rs 86 crthermax reports over two-fold jump in q2 profit at rs 86 cr
S&P downgrades Indian Overseas Banks&p downgrades indian overseas bank
How To Earn Best Returns From Your Fixed DepositHow To Earn Best Returns From Your Fixed Deposit
US tech firms are command centers for terrorists: UK spy chiefUS tech firms are command centers for terrorists: UK spy chief
India s domestic air passenger demand up 26.3 percentIndia s domestic air passenger demand up 26.3 percent
Ukraine rebel leader sworn in after voteUkraine rebel leader sworn in after vote
Saudi Arabia allocates $13 mn for MERS preventionSaudi Arabia allocates $13 mn for MERS prevention
Sugar consumption to cross 29K tonnes in 5 years  says AssochamCrude oil plunges over 5% in futures trade
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Crude oil prices plunged by 5.06 per cent to Rs 4,712 per barrel in the evening session in futures trading today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weak trend in Asian trade.
The exchange opened for the evening session as it remained closed in the morning for ‘Muharram’
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in November month contract fell sharply Rs 251, or 5.06 per cent to Rs 4,712 per barrel in business turnover of 16,218 lots.
Similarly, oil for delivery in December traded lower by Rs 242, or 4.85 per cent to Rs 4,748 per barrel in 1,583 lots.
Analysts said the sentiment dampened in futures trade after crude oil prices extended losses in Asia after leading global producer Saudi Arabia slashed its export prices for the US market while hiking them for Asia.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell 40 cents to $ 78.38 in mid-morning trade, below its lowest settlement point since June 2012.
Brent crude for December was also down 38 cents at $ 84.40 a barrel.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Mumbai has highest number of Internet users: StudyMumbai has highest number of Internet users: Study
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Mumbai has the highest number of Internet users at about 16.4 million in the country which has over 243 million web users, a study has found.
The commercial capital of India saw the Internet user base growing to about 16.4 million in October this year from 12 million in the same month last year, the joint study by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB said.
Delhi was second with a user base of 12.1 million. The National Capital recorded the fastest year-on-year growth rate of 50 per cent in Internet user base among top eight cities of the country.
India had about 243 million Internet users as of June 2014, according to IAMAI.
Top eight cities —— Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Pune —— accounted for over 58 million Internet users, the study said.
Kolkata ranked third in the list with 6.27 million users, followed by Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million).
“Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet users in India. The other four metros have 11 per cent penetration,” it said.
Among other cities with a population of more than one million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur have the highest number of Internet users.
Surat had 2.97 million users, followed by Jaipur (2.35 million), Lucknow (1.95 million) and Vadodara (1.85 million).
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Flipkart ties up with Euronet for gift codesFlipkart ties up with Euronet for gift codes
Our Bureau
Indian consumers can access digital gift codes through unique bank availability
Mumbai, Nov. 4:  
Online retailer Flipkart today announced a strategic partnership with Euronet India, an electronic transaction processing and payment solutions, to distribute Flipkart digital gift codes to customers.
“Indian consumers across major banks will soon be able to use their online-banking portals and mobile banking applications to purchase digital codes which can be delivered instantly via their email accounts or through a text message in a secure fashion, using Euronet’s world class electronic transaction processing services,” Euronet said in a statement.
Customers can register on the bank’s website and secure a digital code, which can be used to make purchases on Flipkart. Customers can use the digital codes for gifting purpose too.
“These digital gift codes act as payment instruments for making e-commerce purchases and as effective alternatives to other conventional means of payment. The customer will not just be able to gift these codes, but also use them for self-consumption on Flipkart.com,” the statement said.
"E-commerce is an exploding business category...This solution is now live with one of the largest private sector banks in the country and is expected to go live with a few more over the next couple of months," said Himanshu Pujara, Managing Director of Euronet India.
In India, Euronet provides processing digital content and is working actively with all the mobile operators and direct-to-home providers in the country for rendering services to a multitude of channels.
Mausam Bhatt, Sr Director - Marketing, Flipkart said, "This initiative will not just help in bringing new customers on-board but can also potentially bring greater efficiency and scale in existing operations.”
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related
Yahoo India Shopping gets co-branded with Flipkart
TOPICS

Don t let Cong change Belgaum name: Sena to BJPRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
Shiv Sena today urged Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to step up offensive against the Karnataka government’s decision to change Belgaum’s name to Belagavi, to protect the interests of the Marathi-speaking people.
“Devendra Fadnavis has sworn to protect the Marathi speaking people. It is now his duty to safeguard the interest of Marathi ‘manoos’ wherever they reside, in or outside the state. This is why he (Fadnavis) should stand up and protest the decision taken by the (Karnataka) government,” the Sena said in an edit in party mouthpiece Saamana.
Uddhav Thackeray had on Sunday said that the Karnataka government had hurt the sentiments of Marathi-speaking people by changing Belgaum’s name to Belagavi.
“Why were they (Karnataka government) in a hurry to change the name? They should have waited for a final decision by the Supreme Court on the disputed territory. We have been asking for a union territory status (for Belgaum) till the SC decides. It is our duty to appoint legal experts to represent the Marathi community’s side in the apex court,” Thackeray had told reporters in Kolhapur.
The Sena claimed that the Marathi-speaking people of the region hoped for justice from Prime Minister Narendra Modi after waging a 60-year-long struggle on the issue.
“The people of Belgaum have been struggling against the atrocities being committed by the Karnataka government from the last 60 years. They want the region to be a part of Maharashtra. People thought justice would be served to them by the Prime Minister but he instead extended his good wishes for the new name,” the editorial said.
Belgaum is a disputed region on the borders of Maharashtra and Karnataka. Both the states claim stake to the region.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP Shiv Sena Alliance Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous

Nairobi: Silicon Savannah springs to life© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83b0b4f4-5fa5-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What You Can Learn From Those Real Estate TV ShowsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Homes For Sale in Best Neighborhoods to Trick-or-Treathomes for sale in best neighborhoods to trick-or-treat
The Friday Exit: Innovation characters take stage; incubators ignite0
If there was a better Tweet from the event than this one by Dana Juhasz Ardell about LMK Technologies, whose business relates to sewage overflows, please let us know @chicagobluesky .
Elsewhere this week, John Carpenter reported that health-tech incubator Matter named its first 10 companies, and Kate MacArthur spoke to Todd Connor , whose veteran-focused incubator Bunker, in 1871, is already expanding to other cities. Bunker looks to have a distinct feeling about it: These founders are military veterans with an average age of 38 and run businesses that in many cases are already making money.
What does it take to recruit the best engineering and development talent? Some magical mix of meaning and money, reports Amina Elahi. Jonathan Pauli, a senior developer/ops engineer at ContextMedia, told her that he interviewed at places that showed off pool tables but offered him less than market rate. And if salary falls below a certain number, “you can’t maintain a certain lifestyle, eat healthily, or live in a certain area. If you can’t do those things, ultimately you have to keep looking.”
In national tech news, Apple’s Tim Cook announced that he’s gay; Chicago's LGBT community applauded the news and the Twitterverse largely did, too. And the ink dried on two big deals with local implications: Zebra Technologies’ purchase of Motorola Solutions’ enterprise business and Lenovo’s acquisition of Motorola Mobility from Google.
With that a busy October races into the history books. Don’t get any snow on your Halloween costume . And enjoy your weekend.

2015 Jaguar F-Type R coupe: Unrivalled sexpot of semi-attainable sports carsReview: 2015 Jaguar F-Type R coupe is fast, sexy, but not so silent
New York Times | New York | Updated:  Nov 01 2014, 13:56  IST
Nov 01 2014, 13:56  IST
 

10 Big Ways The Government May Be Wasting Taxpayer MoneyTweet
Free high-end gym memberships for diplomats, a study that watched grass grow, and Swedish massages for rabbits are but some of the ways the government wastes taxpayer money, according to a new report by Senator Tom Coburn (R-Okla.).
In his annual report , Dr. Coburn scrutinizes federal government spending, looking for indications of waste in various forms, including failed initiatives, odd research, and missed savings opportunities. This year, Dr. Coburn’s report lists 10 items that it asserts each cost taxpayers $468 million dollars. Based on Dr. Coburn’s 2014 Wastebook, here are 10 big ways the federal government may be wasting taxpayer money.
Click here to see the 10 ways the government may be wasting taxpayer’s money
In a phone call with 24/7 Wall St., Dr. Coburn discussed specific details of many of the most expensive cases in the report. In this year’s Wastebook, the Department of Defense is responsible for three of the 10 most expensive cases. Dr. Coburn chastised the department, noting, “Their procurement systems are totally messed up. They can’t buy anything on-time or on-budget.” Dr.Coburn was also critical of his own party’s treatment of defense spending. “Republicans have a blind eye to defense. They’ll tolerate a lot of waste.”
The Department of Defense was hardly the only government body Dr. Coburn criticized. The report argues that many agencies that handle key elements of the nation’s social safety net also exhibited waste. Medicare and Medicaid policies accounted for two of the three largest sources of waste, in dollar terms, in the 2014 report. Fraud in food stamp use, too, was singled out by the Senator as a source of waste. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) indeed considers many of these programs to be “high-error programs,” meaning that levels of improper payments are high.
In some instances, Dr. Coburn was critical of was critical of how federal programs have been managed. Notably, he called the Department of Veterans Affairs’ treatment of sleep apnea disability claims “a management position the VA has taken that is not based on sound medical science.”
However, not all organizations have agreed with the Senator’s conclusions about their work. The National Science Foundation (NSF), whose funding of various research initiatives is heavily-scrutinized in the 2014 Wastebook, in particular takes issues with many of his characterizations. In an email to 24/7 Wall St., Dana Topousis, spokesperson for the NSF, said, “The National Science Foundation stands by its rigorous merit review process.”
Topousis added that, most NSF proposals are independently reviewed by no fewer than three independent experts neither employed at the NSF nor at a research institution involved in the proposal. Finally, Topousis noted that people “shouldn’t get caught up with the quirky names that some may attach to NSF awards.” One successful NSF-funded program Topousis cited was for a Stanford research project called BackRub. That project led to the founding of one of the world’s largest companies, Google, Inc.
Based on Senator Tom Coburn’ 2014 Wastebook, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the 10 big ways the government may be wasting taxpayer money. Levels of purported waste are in some instances estimates and may change as federal policies are changed.

The market always has flexibility to adjust one more playerAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 12:03 IST
A. Mahendran, former managing director of Godrej Consumer
A. Mahendran, former managing director of Godrej Consumer, earlier this year joined hands with Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Global Investment to launch his food company, Global Consumer Products. Come December, the company would roll out its range of confectionery products under the Love It brand. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Mahendran talks about his game plan. Excerpts:
Q- Can you tell us about Love It?
A- Confectionary is going to be our focus and the brand will be called Love It, which will address the younger target audience. Our manufacturing base would be in Hyderabad. We have a good team, comprising the former marketing head of Britannia , Anuradha Narasimhan. The CFO of Ferrero Rocher, Kamal Arora, has also joined us. We are primarily focusing on South India. Love It will hit the market in December. Our products will include chocolates, candies, gums and mints. We have an international technology partner from Spain.
Q- Any particular reason why you are looking at the southern market?
A- There is no specific reason. I believe that one should start in a particular region and then go pan India. I am doing pan south, in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala.
Q- What made you choose the confectionery category?
A- I was one of the joint venture partners of Hershey's (which had formed a joint venture with the Godrej Group) and for certain reasons we disengaged in 2012. So, I have a passion for the confectionary category since 2006, when I acquired Nutrine and in 2007 the joint venture between me, Godrej and Hershey happened. But that joint venture didn't work. I started Global in 2013, and the significant development is our engagement with Goldman Sachs.
Q- Now that you are in the confectionery category you would be competing with big boys such as Cadbury, Nestle and Perfetti. Won't it be challenging?
A- Every category that you talk about, be it water, tea or juice, there has to be a market and there has to be players. When there are players there has to be competition. It's a question of what our game plan is in that category. There are multinationals who have come into the country as base players and they have taken a share. There are Indian companies that have entered into categories, just as Emami has got into fairness creams where multinationals such as HUL are already there. In every category there will be one big player. In chocolates, Cadbury is the biggest player with a 65 per cent market share, but Nestle just has a 15 per cent market share. Similarly, in detergents you have Unilever as a pioneer market leader and Procter & Gamble came in with Tide and both of them put together had a 70 per cent share. But then there is a small player called Ghadi, which came in much later in the last 10 years and has taken a fairly decent share. It happened because of Ghadi's strategy, the marketing investment they made.
So, to get a share in a category by a player, it depends on your strategy, your purpose, it depends on the expertise you have. The market always has flexibility to adjust one more player. Anybody can get into any category as long as it is not saturated or static like it is in the developed markets. If you look at chocolates in Europe, say in Spain, the market is matured for the last 25-30 years. For me to launch another chocolate brand there will be difficult because there is no growth. India always offers scope, we are an embryonic country. The whole purpose of my joining hands with Hershey was to enter into chocolates, but that didn't happen.
Q- How are you going to be different from competition?
A- There is a product strategy, a brand strategy, and a distribution strategy. If you can play across all the three functions, I don't see any reason why we should have any issues, provided there is upfront capital invested with a good partner. I have Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Japan, which are large players and we believe that we can win purely on the basis of strategy.
Q- Apart from confectionery is there any other category that you would be looking into?
A- We are looking at beverages, where we are getting into fruit-based drinks and juices, mineral waters both mass and premium.
Q- What kind of revenue targets have you set for yourself?
A- We are looking at a $200 million revenue size by year five. We should break even in the next two-three years.

Google kickstarts Indian Language Internet Alliance  launches Hindi voice searchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

21 arrested for Wagah suicide attackUpdated: November 3, 2014 20:39 IST
21 arrested for Wagah suicide attack
PTI
Tweet
PTI BSF jawans keep vigil at Attari international border on Monday. Security has been tightened up after Sunday's suicide bomb attack at Wagah in Pakistan.
PTI BSF jawans keep vigil at Attari international border on Monday. Security has been tightened up after Sunday's suicide bomb attack at Wagah in Pakistan.
TOPICS
law enforcement
At least 21 people, including a suicide-bomber, were arrested on Monday and explosives and a suicide vest recovered from Wagah border area as entire Pakistan was put on red alert
At least 21 people, including a suicide-bomber, were arrested on Monday and explosives and a suicide vest recovered from Wagah border area as entire Pakistan was put on red alert after 61 people were killed in a deadly terror attack at the Indo-Pak land border crossing.
A Punjab Rangers official said that explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation in the area.
“The suicide vest stuffed with explosives and ball bearings has been defused by the bomb disposal squad,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies arrested 20 ‘suspects’ from the Wagah border areas during the search operation.
Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said that the law enforcement agencies launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah after the attack and taken 20 suspects into custody.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Muharram processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
They also arrested a suspected suicide-bomber from Multan district, some 350 km from Lahore.
The Lahore police on Sunday issued a sketch of 17-year-old Abdul Rehman who had gone missing from a seminary in old city of Lahore for a month.
“The police along with an intelligence agency have raided a house in Multan district and arrested Abdul Rehman,” Mr. Naqvi said, adding Rehman has been shifted to unknown place for interrogation.
At least 61 people, including 10 women, eight children and three security personnel, have died i n the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah. Over 100 injured are being treated in different hospitals in Lahore.
Three militant factions, including splinter groups of the Taliban, have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that took place after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah.
Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was the first to claim the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Hours after cancelling the beating retreat ceremony at Wagah following a deadly suicide attack, Pakistan on Monday allowed general public to view the popular ceremony.

Election and markets: GOP sweep could spur stocksU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

Nik Wallenda successfully completes skyscraper walksNik Wallenda successfully completes skyscraper walks
Nik Wallenda successfully completes skyscraper walks
Nik Wallenda put on a show for Chicagoans and out-of-state visitors on Sunday night during his tightrope act.
Nik Wallenda put on a show for Chicagoans and out-of-state visitors on Sunday night during his tightrope act.

Web is Isiss command network of choiceInternational sport needs governance
The extremists of Isis use messaging and social media services such as Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp, and a language their peers understand. The videos they post of themselves attacking towns, firing weapons or detonating explosives have a self-conscious online gaming quality. Their use of the World Cup and Ebola hashtags to insert the Isis message into a wider news feed, and their ability to send 40,000 tweets a day during the advance on Mosul without triggering spam controls, illustrates their ease with new media. There is no need for today’s would-be jihadis to seek out restricted websites with secret passwords: they can follow other young people posting their adventures in Syria as they would anywhere else.
The Isis leadership understands the power this gives them with a new generation. The grotesque videos of beheadings were remarkable not just for their merciless brutality, which we have seen before from al-Qaeda in Iraq, but for what Isis has learnt from that experience. This time the “production values” were high and the videos stopped short of showing the actual beheading. They have realised that too much graphic violence can be counter-productive in their target audience and that by self-censoring they can stay just the right side of the rules of social media sites, capitalising on western freedom of expression.
Isis also differs from its predecessors in the security of its communications. This presents an even greater challenge to agencies such as GCHQ . Terrorists have always found ways of hiding their operations. But today mobile technology and smartphones have increased the options available exponentially. Techniques for encrypting messages or making them anonymous which were once the preserve of the most sophisticated criminals or nation states now come as standard. These are supplemented by freely available programs and apps adding extra layers of security, many of them proudly advertising that they are “Snowden approved”. There is no doubt that young foreign fighters have learnt and benefited from the leaks of the past two years.
More video
GCHQ and its sister agencies, MI5 and the Secret Intelligence Service , cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support from the private sector, including the largest US technology companies which dominate the web. I understand why they have an uneasy relationship with governments. They aspire to be neutral conduits of data and to sit outside or above politics. But increasingly their services not only host the material of violent extremism or child exploitation, but are the routes for the facilitation of crime and terrorism. However much they may dislike it, they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us. If they are to meet this challenge, it means coming up with better arrangements for facilitating lawful investigation by security and law enforcement agencies than we have now.
Your opinion
For our part, intelligence agencies such as GCHQ need to enter the public debate about privacy. I think we have a good story to tell. We need to show how we are accountable for the data we use to protect people, just as the private sector is increasingly under pressure to show how it filters and sells its customers’ data. GCHQ is happy to be part of a mature debate on privacy in the digital age. But privacy has never been an absolute right and the debate about this should not become a reason for postponing urgent and difficult decisions.
To those of us who have to tackle the depressing end of human behaviour on the internet, it can seem that some technology companies are in denial about its misuse. I suspect most ordinary users of the internet are ahead of them: they have strong views on the ethics of companies, whether on taxation, child protection or privacy; they do not want the media platforms they use with their friends and families to facilitate murder or child abuse. They know the internet grew out of the values of western democracy, not vice versa. I think those customers would be comfortable with a better, more sustainable relationship between the agencies and the technology companies. As we celebrate the 25th anniversary of the spectacular creation that is the world wide web, we need a new deal between democratic governments and the technology companies in the area of protecting our citizens. It should be a deal rooted in the democratic values we share. That means addressing some uncomfortable truths. Better to do it now than in the aftermath of greater violence.
The writer is the director of GCHQ, a UK government intelligence and security organisation
-------------------------------------------

New Data Proves Saving Money Won t Make You RichSorry, But Saving Money Won't Make You Rich
Posted:
reddit
If you think you can save your way to wealth, you’re wrong. Spending less than you make is not the path to riches. Instead, wealth comes and goes as asset prices -– real estate, stocks, and bonds -– rise and fall.
This is why most Americans have no shot at ever being wealthy, while the already-wealthy people who own those assets just keep getting wealthier.
Investor and blogger Steve Roth recently crunched government data and found that household saving -- whatever income people have left over after their spending -- has little effect on boosting wealth.
Charted, Roth’s conclusion looks like this:
The huge red swings -- representing major asset classes like stocks and real estate -- dominate the up and downs of household wealth. The tiny sliver that is saving is small -- and, Roth notes, getting relatively smaller. (Note that saving, in this case, does not include the capital gains people get from selling assets for a profit.)
Letting speculation work for you, not saving, is how wealth is truly built in America. Net worth is tied to the market value of some illiquid things (houses) and some liquid things (stocks, bonds).
Saving money isn’t necessarily a bad idea. It can help you in lots of ways. But, in the aggregate, it’s not how we get rich.
Recent years have shown just how misleading and harmful homilies like “work hard. Spend a little. Save the difference. Let your assets work for you,” from the Motley Fool , are: misleading because saving is not the primary way wealth is accumulated; harmful because people when saving fails, people think they are the failure.
If you’ve internalized that advice, it’s hard not to feel like a failure. American incomes have finally halted their decade of decline with a year of stagnation . Wages are flat . Home prices, we found out, can go down as well as up. They’re recovered in some places, but many people saw most of their wealth disappear in the housing crisis. The stock market has been on a tear, of course. But that has meant rising wealth for a very small group .
Millions of Americans missed out on the wealth-spinning party by selling when stocks were low, or by being unable to afford to invest at all. Saving money won't come close to helping them make up that wealth.
More:

Why I Stopped Defining Someone Else s Version of Successreddit
I always wanted to be the corporate high-flyer.
Saw myself as someone who'd excel in the business world. Counted on the fact I'd become a leader in international commerce. Knew I'd wear the suit, drive the flash car, and be respected and acknowledged as a 'somebody' (because I was horrified at the idea of being a 'nobody').
I didn't know any better. All I did know was that this was the way of the world. You worked hard, earned lots of money and died rich. What else was there to understand?
I spent my twenties and thirties trying to impress others and gain the approval of those around me who felt that money and jobs and houses and cars were the be-all and end-all in this life.
I towed the line and never challenged the status quo.
One day, I realised how much time and energy I'd spent on seeking consent from others for ambitions and priorities I wasn't even that vested in. Unfocused on the things that should have been important to me, I knew then that I wasn't content with this definition of success .
So I revisited what being successful meant to me.
And I knew it wasn't about money or wealth. It wasn't the power of a job title or the pats on the back from admiring colleagues. These long-held ideas around the meaning of success no longer sat well with me.
In fact, I don't think they ever did.
I wonder if the trigger for my change in attitude was a relocation abroad, the day I pushed back against the corporate world or that moment when I knew I had to start working for myself.
It was much earlier than that.
It was a deep-seated feeling of unease from an early age leading to a passion for wanting more out of life. Call it a different way of thinking or plain open rebellion, something in me refused to accept the normal order of things.
I soon realised that success was, and still is, about how I look after the things that matter most in my life - my wellbeing, family, the way I live my life , how the people I meet will remember me.
Success wasn't about jobs or houses. Not the area postcode or the label on my new shirt.
This summer, it was always going to be hard returning to the UK from my adopted country knowing that wealth and material possessions still matter to a lot of people I know.
Popular opinion there says that you must have a top job and talk about it often. Your house should be sizeable and close to a good catchment area for your kid's school.
And you have to drive a fancy car.
I lost track of how many times I was told, "so-and-so now works as a Director for a bank in London" or "did you know how much ole Whatshisname's house is currently worth?"
Fighting feelings of inadequacy as a mere writer and blogger, I questioned whether I should compare the life I'd created abroad to these affluent, more powerful lives at home? And should I then consider my own life a failure because of lesser income or personal wealth, the age of a car and whether or not I own the best house on the street.
Instead, I chose to judge myself against other criteria.
The life experiences I've had, places I've seen, the family I've helped grow and the space I've created by ditching material things to ensure I'm always around.
The fact that as my beautiful boy grows up, I can look him straight in the eyes and know that I chose what was best for us based on values other than the length of my job title or the hefty price of a meal at that swanky business lunch.
I know which version of success I choose.
I choose success defined on my own terms, where I determine what's valuable to me, certain that I'm headed on the right journey, in control and doing what I love most.
I choose the definition of success based on no regret.
What about you? What definition of success do you choose?
Russell Ward shares his take on living a fuller, more meaningful way of life at InSearchOfALifeLessOrdinary.com . Become a subscriber here . You can also find him writing better content for business and brand at TheInternationalWriter.com .
Follow Russell V. J. Ward on Twitter: www.twitter.com/russellvjward
More:

Marionettes Tell McDonald s Story in Norwayreddit
For all the talk of a new commitment to digital media, McDonald's isn't afraid to embrace an old-fashioned medium to tell its story.
In Norway the chain aired a four-minute puppet show about the chain's relationship with local farmers who provide its ingredients.  The long version was slated to air only on Nov. 1. Subsequently, 50-second versions of the commercial--from DDB Oslo--will be used. Two marionettes--a young man in a McDonald's cap and an elderly farmer--are the central characters in the puppet drama. Watch the video here .
The puppet drama is titled "Nothing At All" since it's background music track is "When You Say Nothing at All," popularized by (but not sung here by) American bluegrass singer Alison Krauss.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

How a fund turned a 4% loss into a 96% gainHow one fund turned a 4% loss into a 96% gain
By: John Waggoner November 3, 2014 4:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
How can you turn a 4% loss into a 96% gain? Only through the wonder of explosively constructed exchange-traded funds.
Frantzesco Kangaris/Bloomberg
Gold got hammered last month, falling to $1,164.25 on Oct. 31 from $1,216.50 the last trading day of September – a 4% decline. And that was the basis for the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund’s 96% gain in October.
Here’s how it works.
One way to leverage gold – that is, boost gains on the way up and losses on the way down – is to buy shares of gold-mining stocks. Consider a company that could get gold out of the ground for $1,000 an ounce. At $1,200 an ounce, the company makes a $200 profit.
Now suppose gold rises to $1,300 an ounce – an 8.3% gain. For the mining company, however, earnings have risen to $300 from $200, which is a 50% increase. In theory, the stock’s value should rise far more than gold.
Going in the other direction, the results aren’t as happy. If gold fell to $1,200 from $1,300, a bullion investor would be down 7.7%, but the mining company would see earnings tumble 33%.
Smaller mining companies tend to be more volatile than larger ones, so if you want to be really risky, you can invest in the so-called junior mining companies. These may have to borrow extensively to get the gold out of the ground.
You’d expect junior gold stocks to fall more than larger gold stocks when the price of gold falls, and you’d be right. The Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF fell 25.8% in October.
So how do you turn that frown upside down and turn it to insanely giddy laughter? Create a fund that bets that junior gold miners will fall – taking a short position, in Wall Street parlance. Then use futures and options to boost returns (and losses) even further, so much so that for every 1% the junior miners index falls, the fund rises 3%.
And that’s what Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund does. Is this a fund you should consider? Absolutely not, unless you feel that you just have too darn much money. When the price of gold turns around, the fund could lose money just as fast as it gains it.

UP  TN discoms worst in India: CARE studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hands off policy issues: UP to banks on cane pricingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Charles Barnitz  guest-blogging about writing historical fictionBy Eugene Volokh November 3 Follow @volokhc
I’m delighted to report that one of my favorite writers, Charles Barnitz, will be guest-blogging this week about writing historical fiction. I don’t know Barnitz personally, but when I recommended his short story collection, “The Peace Weaver,” he kindly sent me a thank-you note. I know an opportunity when I see it, so I suggested that he guest-blog about historical fiction, since I thought that many of our readers would find it interesting (whether it’s pre-Norman-Conquest medieval England, Barnitz’s main time and place, or anything else). I was glad that Barnitz agreed, and his posts are coming this week, starting a few minutes from now.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

So  what if / Picking a periodBy Charles Barnitz November 3
So, what if?
It’s always good to start with that question. There’s a good book about asking that question (What If? Writing Exercises for Fiction Writers by  Anne Bernays  and Pamela Painter ) that’s worth a look. In this instance, though, the question is, what if I were to write something set in an historical period? Where to start? Writers don’t want to write the same old thing anymore than readers want to read the same old thing, so the problem is how to write historical fiction in a new way.
I’ve taken two different approaches and they both started with the question, what if? The first question was what if there was a Viking inside Lindisfarne monastery when it was raided by Vikings in 796? The second question was what if there was an atheist in an age when everyone believed in God?
Those two “what if?” questions were the first dominos in long lines of questions that had to be answered before I knew that the stories were. Who were those men? How did the Viking get to Lindisfarne? How did the atheist lose his faith?
Picking a Period
The thing that drives everything else is the “when” of historical fiction. And the thing that drives the when is what you’re interested in. So if you Google “Historical Fiction Definition” (which is what we do, isn’t it?) you get the first sentence of the Wikipedia entry, which is pretty broad but ballpark accurate: “Historical  fiction  is a  literary genre  in which the action takes place in the past.” Like most things in Wikipedia, this is okay as far as it goes.
Readers are drawn to historical fiction because they’re interested in the setting, and it’s likely they already know something about it. This is an additional burden on the writer in terms of what Coleridge called the “willing suspension of disbelief.” This is the inclination on the part of readers to want to participate in the creation of the fiction by agreeing to accept what you tell them. The writer helps the reader to accept the fictional world by establishing consistent rules and not to violating the integrity of the fictional world.
To write realistically about an historical time and place you’ve got to know the period intimately. My advice is to pick a time you really like because you’re going to immerse yourself in it. You’re going to become that person at parties that people avoid unless they want to know a lot about the early farming techniques of the Midwest, or the rates of exchange in Mediterranean trade during the latter decades of the Roman Republic, or court protocol during the Tokogawa Shogunate. If you don’t think the period you want to write about is really cool and interesting and has something valid to say to a contemporary reader that, attitude will be apparent in the first paragraph you write and all those glaze-eyed party people will suffer for nothing.
For me it was the 8th century in England and that’s because of an illustrated excerpt from Beowulf in a survey Literature textbook I used when I was a freshman in high school. I must still have it around here somewhere because I never get rid of a book. In grade school it was Charles Brady’s novel, Sword of Clontarf. At first the interesting things about the period were the swords and battles and traveling around fighting dragons and monsters because that’s the kind of things that you think are interesting and cool when you’re twelve years old.
As I got older it became the story behind the history. Who did what to whom and why did they do it, and then what happened? Because history is more than knowing the dates of the BIG EVENTS; history is the social and cultural and psychological mechanisms that powered those events, and in a way, something that happened a hundred or five hundred or a thousand years ago is still as dynamic as it was when it occurred. So writing historical fiction has to be about those things too.
Then I discovered the Icelandic Sagas. Man, they have it all: bravery and cowardice, ugliness and beauty, largess and venality, poetry and prose, greed and generosity; in other words they’re about the real lives of real people who lived in the Viking age. The Sagas made me realize that the so-called Dark Ages were populated by people pretty much the same as we are with similar concerns and psychological pressures and motivations, and they were afraid of similar things and amused by similar things and attracted to the same things that scare, amuse, and attract us.
They had swords but they also had more bugs and no germ theory, medicine that was as much hopeful superstition as helpful technique, no central heat that didn’t originate in a wood or charcoal fire, suspect dental hygiene, and, in many cases, a load of parasitic gut worms.
So okay, the Middle Ages, but I knew that I had to narrow things down. Thanks to television and Renaissance Fairs most people think of the Middle Ages as everything between the Fall of Rome and Leonardo da Vinci. That’s just too much ground to cover. Back to Beowulf. It was composed in England, but it’s about this Geat killing a monster in Denmark — what’s that all about? And hey, aren’t those ships cool? Beautiful lines — every one of them was a poem realized in pine and oak and hemp.
So okay, the Vikings. But who were the Vikings? Why were they raiding? What made them so successful? And who were they stealing from? What were those societies all about? What made them such ripe targets?
The more I tried to answer those questions the more I found out about the complexity of the period, and the more it seemed to me that Western institutions and sensibilities and what we now think of as Western culture and society were just beginning to coalesce in a way we can recognize between the late 7th and 11th centuries, building on the ruins of Greek and Roman culture. Tribal society was giving way to the regional kingdoms that would eventually become nation states. Religion was widely dominant and powerful in a way it hasn’t been since, but heresies were bubbling up internally and Islam was erupting out of the Arabian Peninsula as an external threat. Classical thought was being kept alive in isolated pockets, mostly monastic.
Humans have been recognizably human, as we understand it, for at least the last 30,000 years; and it’s only been 2,400 years since Socrates was aggravating the Athenian oligarchs by teaching the youth of Athens to think for themselves. So it’s not unreasonable to imagine that the people who lived in the 8th century were capable having the same thoughts and emotions that we have, except that they were constrained by the context of their time, their limited technology, their illiteracy (most of them, anyway), and their superstition.
This is the key issue of all historical fiction: you have to be true to the characters psychologically and emotionally but you also have to be true to the social, economic, political, philosophical, and spiritual context they inhabit. Respect the history: it informs everything. It can be just as much an anachronism to have a woman marry for love and self-actualization in 7th century Italy as it would be for Charlemagne to take up surfing.
It’s hard to detach ourselves from our contemporary cultural assumptions and beliefs and motivations when we write about a different time, but it’s important to remember that while our essential psychology hasn’t changed that much, our accidental social and cultural context and our attitudes about that context change all the time. Projecting contemporary attitudes and sensibilities onto a character in an historical context where those attitudes and sensibilities had not yet evolved is a violation of the fictional universe.
But I still wanted to write about the period in some fresh way. I decided to do that by having a protagonist who had an irreverent attitude about his experiences, a snarky guy who was full of himself and whose observations about the conventions of the Viking story are more irreverent because for him they aren’t the conventions of a literary genre, they’re the facts of everyday life, and he’s got a slightly twisted sense of humor and a sarcastic way of expressing it.
Now that I’d decided on the period, and I knew that the sacking of Lindisfarne was the salient event of the story, I had to create a fictional universe that built toward Lindisfarne and then recovered from it in a way that was believable and as historically accurate in detail as I could contrive.

Suit alleges harassment  discrimination at Ford plant3
In a statement, Jimmy Settles, United Auto Workers vice president, said: "UAW-Ford takes charges of sexual harassment, discrimination and retaliation filed by all of our members very seriously including our members at Ford's Chicago Assembly plant. The economic and social justice extended to our members remains our focus. We have studied the claims filed by our members and others that have followed and will continue to aggressively take every action possible to safeguard the dignity and civil rights of our members."
The women say company representatives told them to stop calling the harassment hotline, and at least one woman said she was suspended for continuing to report abuse.
"I never got any help. In fact, I got retaliated against," Charmella Leviege, one of the women who filed the suit, said. Other plaintiffs are Christie Van, Maria Price and Helen Allen.
They allege they were subjected to jeers, lewd comments, sexual suggestions and catcalls by co-workers and supervisors. They also have filed employment discrimination charges with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Their suit, filed in federal court in Chicago, alleges other women at the plant on the Far South Side have been subjected to a hostile work environment that includes unwelcome and unwanted sexual advances by co-workers and supervisors, requests for sexual favors, men exposing their genitals and/or showing pictures of their genitals and pornographic images.
The plant employs about 500 women.
Allen, a maintenance worker, said the location of the plant's labor relations office, in sight of co-workers, makes it difficult to file complaints without being identified. Once she said she was called into the office after calling the harassment line. Then, a few minutes after she walked out, her supervisor was called in. As a result, workers immediately knew she had complained about her supervisor, she said.
"When you complain, you become the problem," Allen said.
Van said she was knocked to the ground from behind as she was leaving the plant last year and that her assailant stomped on her back and told her not to look at his face. The man, she said, called her a "snitch." Van complained to Ford about the incident, according to the lawsuit, but she said the company didn't investigate.
Van said she took a medical leave and that a year and a half passed before Ford moved her to its stamping plant in Chicago Heights. Van said her life has been turned upside down because she spoke out against abuses. If she can't talk to supervisors, Van said, "Where do I go for help?"
The 2000 settlement covered claims at Ford's two Chicago plants.
Essence Clark, a forklift driver at the assembly plant, filed suit against Ford in May over incidents she said took place from 2010 to 2012. She alleges she was called derogatory names and reported the incidents to her supervisor and the company's labor relations unit, but that "nothing was done." She said she was later terminated, according to court records.
"I believe (Ford) perceived me to have a mental disability and terminated me because of it," she wrote in the suit, which is pending.
Ford, which described the conduct that Clark complained about as "neither severe nor pervasive," said it exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct any alleged harassing behavior. "(Clark) unreasonably failed to avail herself of any preventive or corrective opportunities provided, or otherwise failed to avoid harm," the company said in court documents.

Curating Relationship Building to Accelerate Onboardingreddit
The heart of leaderships is relationships. If you can't connect with others, you can't lead them. This is why the core of a strong onboarding program for new team members must be relationship building. This is best accomplished by curating different ways for different people to interact and connect.
HATCH Experience
At the most recent Hatch Experience I joined an eclectic group for a long weekend of exploring and leveraging creativity for the better. As Hatch founder Yarrow Kraner explained to me,
A key component of HATCH is the integration of technology, innovation, and spontaneous creativity with more typically "business-centric" realms as a way of exploding people's perceived limitations and illustrating just how interconnected all of our worlds are... in business... in community... in mission... throughout out lives.
Kraner curated this by assembling some of "the world's top creative minds with tomorrow's most promising talent". This is a guy who understands that the world needs three types of leaders: artistic, scientific and interpersonal. And this is a guy that has seen the power of them working together along with Intel, Hatch's main innovation partner.
Over the weekend he and facilitator Pete Strom put us in a blender and shook us up. For one exercise, they had each person in groups of five take turns having their "higher self" introduce their "real self" and their super-powers and Kryptonite in the third person. While it seemed a little "touchy-feely" at first, it produced an astoundingly intimate interaction between the five people.
Application
This won't work in most corporations. Hard to imagine most corporations pulling people out of the business for three-day retreats with new hires. Try as they might, corporations can't create the safe space that the Hatch Experience does. People in corporations test and judge each other on a routine basis. Few can ever come close to the intimate connections made at Hatch in just a couple of days.
Additionally, Kraner is clear that Hatchers "are not a team per se, rather a community that imposes the highest of expectations on its constituents, and helps them meet them. So our intention is to work towards like minded values and impact- not that we always need to be working together."
Still, there are aspects of this that can and should be applied to your future onboarding efforts:
Environment - Adjust your thinking from assembling the best athletes to building synergistic teams. Each player you add should make the whole team stronger. Then, make sure everything about your environment welcomes your new team members.
Values - Clarifying intentions up front is critical. Make sure your new team members understand what matters to the organization and why. And make sure the organization understands what matters to those new team members and why.
Attitude - Relationships take time to incubate. Inspire and enable that incubation by managing the ideas and experiences your new hires are exposed to early on. The mindset change is to curate the right onboarding for your team's situation as opposed to letting it be a one-size-fits-all mechanical process. You brought these new team members into the organization so they can help move you all towards your purpose. Invest in their onboarding.
Relationships - This is the heart of leadership and therefore must be the core of onboarding. Authentic relationships are based on trust, earned by trusting and being trustworthy. Help your new hires connect with like minds by explaining in advance to all what you're going to do and then giving all the support and resources - including time - required to take advantage of those efforts.
Behaviors - Have a bias for action. Get your new hires engaged in productive work sooner rather than later so they can start racking up early wins to build everyone's confidence. This is not so much about building others' confidence in the new team members as it is about giving the new team - including the new team members - confidence in itself as a team.
Onboarding right takes a while. But you can do it much faster than you do now.
Follow George Bradt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@georgebradt
More:

Philadelphia police release video showing apparent abduction of 22-year-old womanBy Sarah Larimer November 4 Follow @slarimer
(Screenshot/YouTube)
An ATM card belonging to a woman who was abducted Sunday in Philadelphia was used in Maryland early Tuesday morning, police said at a news conference.
Carlesha Freeland-Gaither, a 22-year-old nursing assistant, disappeared near her home Sunday night; her struggle with an unknown attacker was captured on a security video that authorities distributed online in an effort to find her.
The ATM card was used just after 6 a.m. by a man at a bank in Aberdeen, just south of the Maryland-Delaware border along Interstate 95, Philadelphia police inspector Dennis Wilson said, according to NBC Philadelphia .
The station added:
The man has a similar description to the person caught on surveillance video abducting Freeland-Gaither in Philadelphia on Sunday night, but officials can’t be sure they’re the same person, Wilson said. Officials have not yet released the photo.
According to the NBC station, Philadelphia police are now working with Maryland State Police and the FBI.
Freeland-Gaither’s glasses and cell phone were dropped as she was being forced into a four-door vehicle Sunday night, according to investigators. A witness said she was yelling for help, Philly.com reported .
“I heard a whole bunch of screaming,” witness John Wayne told the NBC affiliate . “She was screaming, ‘Help, help!’”
Officials from a host of agencies and organizations have announced $42,000 in reward money for information leading to an arrest and conviction, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer . That includes a $25,000 pledge from the FBI. Earlier, Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter approved a $10,000 reward, the local CBS station reported .
“If anybody knows anything, please, just bring my daughter home,” the victim’s father told NBC 10. “I’ll give it to you — anything you want, I’ll give it to you. Just bring my daughter home.”
Philadelphia police released surveillance video they say shows the apparent abduction of 22-year-old Carlesha Freeland-Gaither in the Germantown–Penn Knox section of the city on Sunday night. (PhiladelphiaPolice via YouTube)
Upon watching video footage of Freeland-Gaither’s abduction, her aunt, Latesha Tucker-Felder, told the CBS affiliate that “it was sickening and that’s the only thing you can say. It looks like that he even knew that she was coming around that corner because he parked his car and then went back for her.”
She added: “We are going to pray for her to get the will, the strength and the courage to fight her way out.”
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Eugene Volokh and Charles Barnitzeugene volokh and charles barnitz
GOP sweep could propel these 9 stocksGOP sweep could propel these 9 stocks higher
By: Adam Shell November 3, 2014 11:25 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A farmer holds Monsanto’s Roundup Ready Soy Bean seeds at his family farm in Bunceton, Mo., in 2008.  (Dan Gill, AP)le)
Election Day means potential policy changes in the pipeline. And a Republican sweep of the Senate and House of Representatives could speed up the process. Here are nine stocks likely to benefit if the GOP regains full control of Congress.
To find out who the winners might be if the Republicans recapture the Senate and retain control of the House, USA TODAY turned to Daniel Clifton, head of policy research at Strategas Research Partners.
Says Clifton: “We don’t expect major legislation to pass in divided government, but we do expect small but meaningful legislation to pass that can boost the stocks of these companies.”
Here are nine stocks — in a variety of sectors — that Clifton says will fare well if the Republicans fare well at the polls.
ENERGY:
1. Pioneer Natural Resources ( PXD ). Independent U.S. oil and gas exploration and production company. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were up $1.49, or 0.8%, to $19.55.
2. Peabody Energy ( BTU ). Coal mining company. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were up 22 cents, or 2.1%, to $10.65.
Reason: Republicans will push passage of the Keystone pipeline and quicker approval of domestic pipelines. Passage of the Trans-Pacific Partnership is a free-trade deal that will allow for Asian countries to receive unlimited liquefied natural gas from the USA.
HEALTH CARE:
3. Boston Scientific ( BSX ). Develops, manufactures and markets medical devices. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were up 3 cents, or 0.2%, to $13.31.
4. Humana ( HUM ).  Health care company that offers a range of insurance products. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were down 52 cents, or 0.4%, to $138.33.
Reason: Republicans will likely take up a measure that will repeal the medical device tax, thereby benefiting medical device companies. Obama will likely veto other potential changes to the Affordable Care Act. Clifton says Humana has the “highest correlation historically to Republican electoral outcomes.”
DEFENSE:
Raytheon Missile Systems employees in Tucson load a 22-inch Raytheon Pyros missile onto a Raytheon Cobra unmanned drone.
5. Raytheon ( RTN ). Aerospace defense contractor. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were down 46 cents, or 0.4%, to $103.42.
Reason: After three years of tight budgets and growing geopolitical unrest, Republicans will likely keep defense spending a little bit higher than is expected under current law.
FINANCIALS:
6. PNC Financial Services ( PNC ). Regional bank and financial-services firm headquartered in Pittsburgh. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were up 38 cents, or 0.4%, to $86.69.
Reason: Large-scale changes to Dodd-Frank seem unlikely but on the margin small changes benefiting regional banks could become part of a compromise between the two parties.
TRANSPORTS:
7. Norfolk Southern ( NSC ).  Rail transportation company that operates approximately 20,000 miles of road in 22 states. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were down $1.03, or 0.9%, to $109.61.
Reason: Railroads may get hurt a little if the Keystone pipeline is approved as the oil moves off rail to pipelines. But this will be made up for in volume with additional coal demand.
AGRICULTURE:
8. Monsanto ( MON ). Ag giant provides agricultural products, including seeds, for farmers worldwide. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were down $1.01, or 0.9%, to $114.03.
Reason: Will benefit from GOP push to open up free trade with Asia. As a condition of the agreement – tariffs will be lowered on U.S. exports of agriculture products.
FOR-PROFIT EDUCATION
9. Apollo Education Group ( APOL ). For-profit educator offers online and on-campus undergraduate, graduate, professional development and other non-degree educational programs. At 12:30 p.m. ET Monday, shares were down 58 cents, or 2.0%, to $28.08.
Reason: A Republican Senate will allow for congressional oversight over the administration’s attempts to regulate the for-profit education business.
 

Richard Branson says he will be the first space passenger despite crashRichard Branson says he will be the first space passenger despite crash
AFP
Los Angeles, November 04, 2014
First Published: 12:32 IST(4/11/2014)
print
Virgin Galactic chief Richard Branson said he still plans to be on his company's first flight that take tourists to space, despite the devastating spaceship crash.
In an interview with CNN, Branson vowed to press ahead, once the cause of the crash was identified.
"If test pilots hadn't taken risks, we wouldn't have had the 747. Two blew up in early days of airline travel. Now airline travel is as safe as anything," he said.
"We've got to go through the difficult testing stage of creating a space line in order to make it safe for travelers who want to travel on that space line in the years ahead. We will persevere and will succeed."
He also reiterated that he and his son will be on the first commercial flight.
"There is no way I would ask others to travel on Virgin Galactic unless I'd been the first to go myself. Therefore I will certainly be the first to travel," he said.
Meanwhile, investigators gave a precise timeline late Monday of the devastating Virgin Galactic spaceship crash, detailing exactly when a slowing mechanism was wrongly deployed, but said they could not determine who activated it.
The co-pilot of the SpaceshipTwo died in the crash Friday over California's Mojave desert while the pilot survived the disaster, which has called into question Virgin chief Richard Branson's dream of tourist flights to the edge of space.
Investigators said on Sunday that a lock-unlock lever, used to activate a process in SpaceShipTwo's tail section -- typically to slow it for re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere -- had been moved by co-pilot Michael Alsbury.
But at a final on-scene press briefing late Monday, National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) acting chairman Christopher Hart said he had been mistaken in identifying the co-pilot.
Video showed the person in the right seat move the lock-unlock lever, but Hart said investigators do not yet know which of the two crew -- Alsbury, or pilot Pete Siebold, who survived -- moved it.
Setting out the exact timeline, he said that the SpaceShipTwo was released from its mothership WhiteKnightTwo -- which flew it up to some 45,000 feet -- at 10:07 and 19 seconds.
Two seconds later the engines started. Eight seconds after that, at 10:07 and 29 seconds, the rocket reached .94 Mach, accelerating to 1.02 Mach by 10:07 and 31 seconds.
In that two-second period the lock-unlock lever was switched and the "feathering" mechanism started to deploy. At 10:07 and 34 seconds the data and video feeds from the rocket stopped, as it disintegrated over the desert.
'Feathering' deployed prematurely
It was unclear if the "feathering" -- which acts like a badminton shuttlecock's feathers, slowing the aircraft down during re-entry and pointing it in the right direction -- started on its own or as a result of the lever being moved.
The lever, Hart said, was not supposed to be moved until reaching a speed of Mach 1.4. He reiterated that investigators would likely not announce a probable cause of the crash for up to 12 months.
Branson said earlier Monday that the deployment of the slowing mechanism may "well be" the cause of the catastrophe, while hitting out at what he called hurtful critics and "self-proclaimed experts."
Speaking on NBC's Today show Monday, Branson said he hadn't seen the cockpit video showing the co-pilot triggering the lock-unlock switch.
"The NTSB, you know, are leading the investigation. And we go by exactly what they tell us," he said.
"But, you know, if the deployment did take place early, obviously, they're indicating that may well be the cause. But we need them to examine that further and let us know," he added.
But Branson also hit out against "hurtful" critics and "self-proclaimed experts" after a rocket scientist said the company had ignored safety warnings ahead of the deadly crash of one of its spacecraft.
"I've never seen such irresponsible innuendo and damaging innuendo," the British business tycoon told Britain's Sky News television, referring to critical press reports in Britain.
Branson wants to ferry wealthy customers to the edge of space, charging $250,000 (200,000 euros) per ticket, and the crash is expected to delay the program. The crash was the second disaster to rock the private sector space industry in less than a week, after an Antares rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station exploded after takeoff in Virginia on Tuesday.
Experts say the accident will delay the advent of commercial space tourism by several years.

Russia removes Steve Jobs memorialRussia removes Steve Jobs memorial after Tim Cook comes out as gay
AP     Moscow   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 14:47 IST
Photo: AP
A two-meter (six-foot) statue of an iPhone on a university campus in St. Petersburg has been taken down in response to last week's announcement by the CEO of Apple that he is gay.
In a statement, ZEFS, which according to its website owns construction, advertising, and finance enterprises in St. Petersburg, describes Tim Cook's revelation "a public call to sodomy."
ZEFS said on Monday it was taking down the statue because it violated Russia's controversial law protecting minors from homosexual propaganda. The law has been condemned by critics as a means of repressing sexual minorities in the country.
Apple declined to comment on the removal of the statue, which featured former CEO Steve Jobs.

Videocon Telecom Q2 gross revenue up by 60% at Rs 182 croreMobile service provider Videocon Telecom today reported a jump of 60 per cent in its gross revenue for the July-September quarter at Rs 182 crore.
The company registered a gross revenue of Rs 113 crore in the same period a year ago.
The company, however, did not share its profit and loss figures.
“This growth can be attributed to many factors such as steady growth in subscriber base, growth in minutes of usage, growth in data revenue, growth in average revenue per user and growth in gross revenue realised per minute,” Videocon Telecom Director and CEO Arvind Bali said in a statement.
The company stated a subscriber base of 83 lakh across its four operating circles in the quarter ended September 30.
The telecom firm reported a “gross revenue of Rs 182 crore in Q2 2014-15 with a 8.3 million subscribers against top-line revenue of Rs 113 crore in the same period of the last financial year”.
The operator said that minutes of usage on its network by subscribers grew by 40 per cent in the current period as compared to the same period a year ago. Its mobile Internet revenue also grew by 160 per cent.
The company registered a 15 per cent growth in its gross rate per minute over the same period last year and the jump was also supported by average revenue per user at Rs 155 during the reported quarter, it said.
“Being a new entrant in the industry, our strategy was to attain incremental Customer and Revenue market leadership in our operational circles, and as we speak, we are very much getting there,” Bali said.
The company has spectrum in seven circles, but offers services only in Punjab, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh and Gujarat.
More from companies

Softbank quarterly profit up despite Sprint woesTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
Softbank’s quarterly profit nearly tripled as gains from the IPO of Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba offset losses at US mobile carrier Sprint.
The Japanese telecommunications and Internet-services company, which recently invested in two Indian technology companies, reported today a fiscal second quarter profit of 483.1 billion yen (USD 4.3 billion), up from 165.8 billion yen a year earlier.
Quarterly sales surged 23 per cent to 2.11 trillion yen (USD 18.7 billion).
Softbank, the first to sell the iPhone in Japan, has widespread global investments including Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba, which listed in New York earlier this year after a record-busting stock sale.
Softbank said it gained 599 billion yen (USD 5 billion) from the listing.
One sore spot is Sprint, which Softbank bought a majority stake in earlier this year. It said costs from layoffs at Sprint will total 17 billion yen (USD 150 million).
Sprint is eliminating 2,000 jobs, or about 5 per cent of its staff, to cut USD 1.5 billion in annual spending.
Overland Park, Kansas-based Sprint, which announced a separate round of job cuts in early October, reported a USD 765 million loss for the quarter. But Softbank is eyeing Sprint as a long-term investment.
“We are heading toward a turnaround,” said Softbank founder and chief executive Masayoshi Son, noting that Sprint’s new chief executive, Marcelo Claure, tapped from cellphone distributor and Softbank unit Brightstar, was achieving results.
Son noted that Alibaba has become one of the world’s top 10 companies, with solid growth profits, rising from its humble beginnings when he invested in it about 14 years ago.
He compared his approach to valuing, instead of killing, the goose that lays golden eggs, depicted in Aesop Fables, but warning that patience was needed.
“I’ve long said that whoever rules China will rule the world,” he said. China has overtaken Japan as the world’s second biggest economy and will in the future grow bigger than the American economy, Son said.
But he said the place to watch next is India, where the population is young, English-speaking and boasts excellent software engineers, praising Snapdeal as India’s equivalent of Alibaba.
The Tokyo-based company, which also owns the Softbank Hawks baseball team, recently invested in two Indian technology companies, Snapdeal, the nation’s largest digital marketplace, and Ola Cabs, which runs the technology to connect consumers with cab drivers in India.
Another company in which Softbank is a stakeholder, Yahoo Japan, has switched its electronic commerce style to more like Alibaba’s, a move that has proved a success, he said.
TAGS: Soft Bank's Quarterly Profit SoftBank Softbank Profit
More from companies

Nitin Gadkari assures steps to bring back five fishermen from SriLankaPrint
Gadkari assured that government would take necessary legal steps and take up their case in the court in Sri Lanka for their release.
By: Press Trust of India | Rameswaram (tn) | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:20 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 5:33 pm
The families of five fishermen , who were awarded capital punishment by a Sri Lankan court last month on drug-trafficking charges, on Tuesday met Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and sought immediate steps by India to bring them back home.
Gadkari assured them government would take necessary legal steps and take up their case in the court in Sri Lanka for their release.
He also informed them that External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had instructed Indian High Commission in Sri Lanka to hold talks with officials concerned in the island nation to secure the release of the fishermen.
The minister told them he would convey the feelings of the families to Sushma Swaraj and Prime Minister Narendra Modi and request that an early solution be found on the matter.
“We will study the matter in detail and hold discussions with officials and later discuss it in the cabinet”, he said.
Gadkari said the Centre was also taking steps to find a permanent solution to the vexed problem of harassment of Tamil Nadu fishermen, allegedly by Sri Lankan Navy “while fishing in territorial waters,” he said.
Gadkari was in Rameswaram to undertake an aerial inspection of the controversial Sethusamudram Shipping Channel route.
Union Minister Pon Radhakrishnan was also present during the meeting.
Five fishermen, all hailing from Tamil Nadu, were apprehended in 2011 by the Sri Lankan Navy on charges of smuggling drugs in the seas off northern Jaffna’s Delft islet.
On October 30 this year, they were given the death penalty by a court in Colombo.
The five were among a group of eight sentenced to death for alleged involvement in heroin trafficking between India and Sri Lanka in 2011. The other three are Sri Lankans.
Their arrest had sparked protests in various parts of Tamil Nadu.

  Maruti to Invest About Rs. 4000 Crore in Key AreasTCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Hyderabad: Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Mr Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Mr Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Mr Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume," he said.
Mr Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 17:04 (IST)

Banking  finance cos to spend Rs 47 000 cr on ITBanking  finance cos to spend Rs 47 000 cr on IT
Euro shrugs off 2015 growth forecast cutStocks cool as crude hits multiyear lows
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b18590-63cc-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti investing about Rs 4 000 cr in key areas in 2-3yrsMSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering.
By: PTI | Hyderabad | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:23 pm
Country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said today.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
“Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
“We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created,” Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company’s new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
“All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test,” he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan’s Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki’s Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
“Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS,” he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.

Budgam killings would vitiate poll atmosphere: OmarAbdullahThe CM said the deaths have vitiated the election atmosphere in the Valley which was already strained by the post-flood reconstruction challenge.
Srinagar | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 6:32 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday said the deaths of two youths in army firing in Budgam have “vitiated” the election atmosphere in the Valley and stressed that such incidents have no place in an improving security situation in the state.
Also Read: J&K: 2 killed as Armymen fire at car
A day after two youths were killed in army firing, Omar spoke to Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on the matter.
“Have spoken to Union Defence Minister @arunjaitley reg. on Monday’s incident where army firing resulted in 2 avoidable deaths
“Such killings have no place in an otherwise improving security environment where militancy incidents are at record low levels,” Omar tweeted.
The Chief Minister said the deaths have vitiated the election atmosphere in the Valley which was already strained by the post-flood reconstruction challenge.
“These deaths have served to vitiate the poll atmosphere already strained by the post flood reconstruction challenge that people face,” he added.
Two youths were killed and two others were injured in army firing at Chattergam in Budgam district of Kashmir yesterday.
While regretting the deaths, the army claimed that the youths, who were travelling in a car, did not stop at two vehicle checking points and even tried to break through the third barrier when asked to stop.
The army has initiated a court of inquiry to ascertain the facts.
The Government had last night termed as “highly regrettable” the Budgam incident and said a fair inquiry will be held and action taken against those found guilty.
“The Budgam incident in the Kashmir valley is highly regrettable. A fair inquiry will be held and action taken against those found guilty,” Defence Minister Arun Jaitley tweeted.
Omar’s National Conference has asked to order a probe into the incident or allow the state government to do so.
Model code of conduct is in force in Jammu and Kashmir, which is going to polls in a five-phased exercise with the first phase of polling scheduled on November 25.

US Navy SEALs warned against disclosingsecretsPrint
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit. (Source: Reuters)
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:51 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 6:48 pm
The elite US Navy SEALs have been warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain “public notoriety and financial gain”, just days before the broadcast a documentary with a commando who claims to have shot Osama bin Laden in Pakistan.
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition is seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette – who revealed his role on the 2011 bin Laden mission with “60 Minutes” on Sunday – and at a SEAL at the center of an upcoming Fox News documentary.
The letter from Losey obtained by CNN was addressed to “teammates” and sought to shame those who sought public acclaim, reminding SEALs “the most important credit we can garner is the respect of our Teammates and Partners.”
“We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety and financial gain,” Losey writes.
“Any real credit to be rendered is about the incredible focus, commitment, and teamwork of this diverse network and the years of hard work undertaken with little individual public credit. It is the nature of our profession,” he says.
The missive was first reported by SOFREP, a website that covers the Special Operations community.
The letter is not the first. Losey’s predecessor also sent a letter reminding SEALs to keep the confidence of the mission, the report said.
While Losey does not mention the slain, al Qaeda chief raid directly, it is the publication of those details and the mission to free the captured sailors of the Maersk Alabama in 2009 off the coast of Somalia that have gained much publicity.
SOFREP has identified the so-called “shooter” of bin Laden, who was the unnamed subject of a Esquire magazine article last year and whose identity will reportedly be revealed in an upcoming Fox News documentary.
The claims in the Esquire article were met with skepticism by those in the SEAL community who said the close quarters and darkness and intense shooting made it difficult to determine whose bullets killed bin Laden, the report said.
The Pentagon and Justice Department are conducting a criminal inquiry of Bissonnette and his bestselling book about the raid in Pakistan’s garrison city of Abbottabad. That inquiry has delayed a legal settlement between the government and the author over profits from the book.
Bissonnette did not seek the legally required government review before he published the book “No Easy Day” in 2012. The book recounts what he says is his role as one of the SEAL Team Six members who shot and continued…

Air passenger demand up 5.3% in Sept: IATAAn aeroplane takes off under broken clouds from Linberg Field airport in San Diego, California August 11, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake (UNITED STATES - TRANSPORT ENVIRONMENT)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: Global air traffic demand rose 5.3 percent in September, airline industry body IATA said on Tuesday, but it added that slowing growth in Russia could be the first sign that the Russia-Ukraine crisis has impacted demand for air travel.
All regions reported growth in demand and the overall load factor increased 0.2 percentage points to 80.3 per cent, the International Air Transport Association said in a statement.
Year-on-year growth of Russian domestic demand slowed to 5.6 percent in September from 10.1 per cent in August, it said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

BJDMP  two other politiciansheld in Odisha chit fund scamUber cab rape case: Accused arrested in Mathura after day-long raids
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
Nearly two days after the rape of a woman executive in Delhi by a radio cab driver, the accused was arrested on the outskirts of Mathura in Uttar Pradesh Sunday. He will be handed to the Delhi Police and brought back to the Capital. The breakthrough came after 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura as well as Mainpuri. A 25-year-old woman MNC employee was allegedly raped by the driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night when she was returning home from a dinner party.

U.S. cities back from the dead (24/7 Wall St.)Tweet
The Great Recession was hard on most of the country, but few areas were hit harder than the rust belt. Since the end of the recession, however, many of the region’s cities have rallied, adding jobs as their economies improve.
Based on a review of data published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 24/7 Wall St. identified five cities that had some of the worst unemployment rates before and during the recession but also some of the most dramatic recoveries in recent years.
As recently as 2010, the unemployment rates in these five cities were exceptionally high, even when compared to the national unemployment rate of nearly 10%. In Muskegon, Michigan, for example, 13.5% of the workforce was unemployed in 2010, among the worst rates in the nation. In Kokomo, Indiana, the unemployment rate exceeded 12%.
Click here to see the five american cities back from the dead
As of August, however, the unemployment rates of all of these cities were less than or equal to the national unemployment rate of 6.1%. In Kokomo, the unemployment rate was 5.7%, or 8.8 percentage points lower than its former peak rate. Similarly, the unemployment rate in Indianapolis fell from a high of 11.3% in 2010 to just 6.1% this August.
These metro areas have also had a broad resurgence in economic activity. Nationwide, economic output fell by 1.9% between 2006 and 2009 and rebounded by 8.2% from 2009 through last year. By comparison, real gross metropolitan product (GMP) in Toledo, Ohio fell by 6.5% from 2006 through 2009, and rose by 9.4% in the four years that followed. No metro area has had larger swings in economic output than Kokomo. From 2006 to 2009, Kokomo’s GMP shrank at a compounded annual rate of more than 15%, or by a total of more than 40% in that time. From 2009 to 2013, however, Kokomo’s GMP rose at a compounded annual rate of roughly 12.7% — for a total increase of more than 61%.
One major reason for the resurgence in these areas has been a growth in manufacturing jobs. From 2009 to 2013, manufacturing employment in Toledo and Indianapolis rose by more than 9%. In Kokomo, employment in the sector was up 7% in that time. A number of developments in recent years have contributed to manufacturing growth. For one, President Barack Obama has championed manufacturing through the White House’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership, which aims to foster innovation and improve the business climate for manufacturers. Another development was the drop in natural gas prices, which has lowered manufacturing costs for a broad range of products.
The revitalization of the car industry has also been a boon to most of these cities. Each of the five metro areas reviewed is located in one of three states: Indiana, Michigan, or Ohio. All of these states are home to a large number of automotive industry jobs. According to the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing some of the largest carmakers in the industry, nearly 22% of Michigan’s job force works for an automaker, supplier, or dealer. In Ohio and Indiana, 12.4% and 13.9% of workers do, respectively. These three states alone account for nearly a third of all automotive sector jobs in the U.S.
To determine the five metro areas that are back from the dead, 24/7 Wall St. looked at unemployment rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). To be considered, a metro area had to have an unemployment rate of at least 6.0% in 2006, or roughly 30% above the national average. By 2010, unemployment must have risen to at least 11% before recovering to an unemployment rate equal to or below the national average of 6.1% in August. The labor force also could not have contracted more than 2.8% between 2010 and 2014. We reviewed average weekly wages by metro area through August 2014. For job growth data, we used three month moving averages.
In addition to BLS figures, we reviewed annual economic output data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis through 2013. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at median home values, educational attainment, poverty rates, and the percent of employees by industry. Census Bureau data are as of 2013.
Here are five cities that are back from the dead.

Pirate Bay Co-Founder Arrested at Thai-Lao BorderThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

US auto revival fueled by low gas pricesus auto revival fueled by low gas prices
Why You Need Insurance For Travel Within IndiaWhy You Need Insurance For Travel Within India
Thermax posts higher net at Rs 86 cr in Q2Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Thermax posts higher net at Rs 86 cr in Q2
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Pune—based energy solutions provider Thermax Ltd today reported over two—fold jump in its net profit at Rs 86 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 30.16 crore in the corresponding quarter of the last financial year.
Total income increased to Rs 1,213.96 crore during the quarter under review against Rs 1,050.81 crore in the same quarter of the last financial year.
During the quarter, the company had an order inflow of Rs 1,089 crore. Order booking has been helped by improvement in the demand for its standard products in the domestic market and also project orders from the international market, the company said in a statement.
As on September 30, 2014, Thermax has an order backlog of Rs 5,016 crore against Rs 5,308 crore in the same period of last year.
Thermax shares closed at Rs 912, up 2.25 per cent on the BSE on Monday.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Berger Paints announces stock split  net rises to Rs 59.42 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Berger Paints announces stock split, net rises to Rs 59.42 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 4:  
Berger Paints India Ltd Board on Tuesday approved proposal for sub-division of equity shares of Rs 2 each into Re. 1 each. Berger said it would seek shareholders' approval for altering memorandum and articles of association of the company to carry out the stock split proposal through postal ballot or e- voting. 
Berger said it begun commercial production at its 80,000 tonnes Hindupur plant in Anantpur district in Andhra Pradesh in the July-September quarter. During the quarter, the company recorded a net profit of Rs 59.42 crore against Rs 55.53 crore in the corresponding quarter of last fiscal. 
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

First dengue vaccine likely to be available in H2 2015: SanofiFirst dengue vaccine likely to be available in H2 2015: Sanofi
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Sanofi Pasteur, the vaccine division of Sanofi, announced here on Tuesday that the world’s first dengue vaccine could be available in the second half of 2015.
Results of the last stage of the clinical study showed that the dengue vaccine gives a 95.5 per cent protection against severe dengue and an 80.3 per cent reduction in the risk of hospitalisation.
Dengue has been a serious challenge to public health as it affects lakhs of people annually in India, the company said.
Sanofi Pasteur will file for registration of its vaccine candidate and subject to regulatory approval, the world’s first dengue vaccine could be available in the second half of 2015, it said.
The vaccine will help prevent patients who are at risk of acquiring the v the release said, adding that company’s phase III efficacy clinical study programme for its dengue vaccine candidate was conducted in over 31,000 participants across 10 endemic countries in Asia and Latin America.
“We plan to submit the vaccine for licensure in 2015 in endemic countries where dengue is a public health priority,” President and CEO, Sanofi Pasteur, Olivier Charmeil said.
Country Head, Sanofi Pasteur, Dr Stephan Barth, said dengue is a serious health concern in India, causing a significant but under-reported burden.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Esprit selects Mindtree as strategic IT PartnerEsprit selects Mindtree as strategic IT Partner
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov. 4:  
Mindtree has bagged a multi year contract from international fashion brand Esprit to monitor and support Esprit's SAP applications suite for more than 300 directly managed retail stores and over 7,500 wholesale points of sale in Europe.
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. In the first phase of this relationship, Mindtree will maintain on-time availability of Esprit's data and improve service quality, allowing Esprit's IT team to focus on their strategic business needs, company officials said in a statement.
Thomas Pirlein, Group CIO, Esprit said: "Mindtree will play a key role in our efforts to gain long-term competitiveness with its technology leadership and deep understanding of trends shaping the future of retail."
Radha R, Executive Vice President - Retail, CPG, MFG and Travel, Transportation & Hospitality, Mindtree added that the company sees this engagement as an important first step as part of Esprit's commitment to drive sustainable growth using technology.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Hugo Boss shares fall on profit warningHugo Boss shares fall 5% after warning on sales and earnings
Alice Ross in Frankfurt and Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/036a07ee-640c-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vodafone to offer Sky service on mobilesVodafone to offer Sky channels to mobile customers
Daniel Thomas and Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa3c55c4-640a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Persimmon shrugs off housing slowdownPersimmon shrugs off UK housing market slowdown
Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd7854d2-63fe-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba s Q3 net profit rise by 15% to $1.1 bnAlibaba reports third quarter net profit rise by 15 per cent to $1.1 billion
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.25PM IST
The e-commerce giant recently completed the world's biggest stock offering said its third quarter net profit rose by 15 percent to $1.1 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd reported quarterly results which showed net income rising 15.5 per cent to $1.11 billion for the July-September period, meeting forecasts.
It was the Chinese e-commerce giant's first report to investors since its record-setting $25 billion listing in September.
The non-GAAP net income - which excludes the share-based compensation expenses and amortisation of intangible assets - compared with a consensus estimate of $1.17 billion based on a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts.
Revenue rose 53.7 per cent to $2.74 billion, versus expected sales of $2.7 billion, its fastest growth in three quarters. Diluted earnings per share were $0.20, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45, up 9.4 per cent year-on-year.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," said Jonathan Lu, chief executive officer of Alibaba in its earnings statement.
Mobile revenue was more than ten times higher than in the same period last year and accounted for 22 per cent of total revenues, as Alibaba continued to successfully ramp up its mobile monetisation.
Meanwhile, profit margins shrank to a two-year low of 18 per cent.
The shares were flat in pre-market trading in New York, from $101.80 at Monday's close. The stock has risen about 50 per cent from its debut price.

Travelport ties up with AirAsia to offer hos...You are here: Home > Collections
Travelport ties up with AirAsia for bookings, other services
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 06.46PM IST
Tags:
agreement
(Travelport has entered…)
MUMBAI: Travelport has entered into an agreement with AirAsia India, for booking tickets along with availing other ancillary services through the travel portal's merchandising platform.
The platform provides distribution, technology, payment and other solutions to the global travel and tourism industry.
The collaboration allows the Travelport-connected agents to shop, compare and book AirAsia India flights along with those offered by traditional carriers in the same booking work flow, Travelport said in a release.
The portal's aggregated shopping technology is one of the key components of the its merchandising platform, it said.
"I am confident that the tie up will help AirAsia India increase its bookings and generate more brand awareness as its offering becomes available on more than 67,000 travel agency desktops worldwide," Travelport vice president, global distribution sales and services for Apac Damian Hickey said.
At present, all AirAsia group companies- AirAsia Malaysia, AirAsia X, Indonesia AirAsia, and Thai AirAsia- have a similar tie-up with Travelport.
"We are pleased to become the latest carrier within the AirAsia Group to distribute our flights via Travelport, enabling us to expand our network as part of our growth strategy," AirAsia India chief executive Mittu Chandilya said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ask Matt: Is Spotify a swift way to profitPhoto by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images
Q: Is Spotify a swift way to profit?
A: Taylor Swift’s decision to pull her albums from the music streaming service Spotify draws into question how artists and investors can profit from music. Investors looking to profit from streaming music also have to look elsewhere.
Spotify is controlled by privately held Spotify Technology, a company incorporated in 2006 in Luxembourg. It’s still a small company that little is known about since it’s not publicly traded. The company had revenue of $266 million and posted a loss of $59 million as of the end of 2011, which is the latest S&P Capital IQ has financial information on the firm. So far, investors who wish to speculate on the future of music being a streaming service have focused on other publicly traded plays.
The best-known publicly traded music streaming business is Pandora (P). Shares of Pandora have lost about a quarter of their value this year to trade for about $20 as the company’s growth rate slows and it continues to post net losses.  Analysts are still bullish, though, and they have an average 18-month price target on the stock of $31.34. The question, though, is whether independent music streaming services can keep their market share edge as Apple (AAPL) gets deeper in the industry with the acquisition of Beats and Microsoft (MSFT) changes its cloud-based streaming offerings.

http://usat.ly/1vDYHUaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Alibaba reports jump in revenue, but margins slide
Shares of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba surged 3.5% after filing its first quarterly earnings report since becoming a publicly traded company. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23
Post to Facebook
Alibaba reports jump in revenue, but margins slide Shares of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba surged 3.5% after filing its first quarterly earnings report since becoming a publicly traded company. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnhf9q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Alibaba reports jump in revenue, but margins slide
Brett Molina , USA TODAY 1:57 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Video Keywords Alibaba mobile penetration rates Chinese economy global utility mobile revenue Mercadolibre Morningstar's Amazon Obama's China
The Chinese e-commerce giant addded 29 million mobile users in the latest quarter. That's more than the population of Texas. Fred Katayama reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Only Obama's first report card as a public company showed
00:04  it was a fast door but not a standout straight a
00:07  student. The Chinese e-commerce giant's quarterly profit rose and met expectations.
00:13  But its profit margins fell as a boost its services and
00:16  invested more things like its mobile operating system. Revenues soared nearly
00:20  54%. Despite the slowdown the Chinese economy beating forecasts. Alibaba who
00:27  sales at its online marketplace how bow by adding new categories
00:31  like baby products and car accessories again this. Mobile grew wildly.
00:37  Alibaba added 29 million mobile users in just the last three
00:41  months that's more than the population of Texas. And mobile revenue
00:45  grew 1000%. Over the past year. Mobile makes it more than
00:49  a fifth the revenue and on Obama is monetizing more. Morningstar's
00:54  senior e-commerce analyst RJ economy. The percentage of mobile transaction as
00:59  a percentage overall ecosystem. Relatives a lot of the global peers
01:02  that are out there whether it be Amazon or are you
01:05  danger even if you look at regional players like it. Mercadolibre
01:10  or lack it and that's mobile numbers are quite impressive and
01:14  I think a lot of that is indicative that the marketplace
01:16  EC and China. The company's efforts to to capitalize almost a
01:20  separate you don't really see that the mobile penetration rates that.
01:24  That. That are at opposite but it opera it anywhere else.
01:28  And the global utility e-commerce Lance bit. Alibaba didn't issue a
01:32  forecast. Alibaba shares which have risen 45% over its debut price
01:37  rose in early trading.
Pedestrians pass by the New York Stock Exchange on the day of Alibaba's initial public offering, Sept. 19, in New York.
(Photo: Jason DeCrow, AP)
21 CONNECT 55 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chinese Internet giant Alibaba's revenue surged during its second quarter despite weakening margins in the company's first earnings report since it became a publicly traded company.
Its shares climbed as much as 3% to a record high after Alibaba reported an impressive 49% rise in the total value of merchandise sold.
For the quarter ended in September, Alibaba reported revenue of $2.74 billion, up 54% from the same quarter a year ago. Earnings per share were 45 cents, hitting Wall Street forecasts. Alibaba also said its number of annual active buyers surged 52%.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," Alibaba Group CEO Jonathan Lu said in a statement. "Our business continues to perform well, and our results reflect both the strength of our ecosystem and the strong foundation we have for sustainable growth."
On the mobile front, Alibaba reported 217 million monthly active users — an increase of 29 million over the last three months — and generated $95 billion in sales via mobile over the last 12 months.
Those mobile users are playing a bigger role in Alibaba's overall website sales, contributing nearly 36% last quarter, compared to 14% a year ago.
However, margins on earnings were a weaker-than-expected 50.5%, from 54.4% in the previous quarter.
The earnings report arrives as Alibaba prepares for a key shopping day in China on Nov. 11. Singles Day, the equivalent to Black Friday in the USA, generated $5.7 billion in sales for Alibaba last year.
This is Alibaba's first quarterly report since the company launched its $25 billion U.S. initial public offering in September. It trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BABA.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23 .
21 CONNECT 55 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnhf9q
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://justyo.co/YOGOPhttp://justyo.co/yogop
http://justyo.co/YODEMShttp://justyo.co/yodems
Could shift work cause you to grow older fasterBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 4 Follow @arianaeunjung
Since the dawn of the industrial revolution, millions of people around the world have had jobs that require them to work shifts that cross night and day and change on a weekly or even daily basis. Scientists have long theorized that working irregular hours for extended periods of time could have the same detrimental effect as chronic jet lag, disrupting the body's natural time-keeping rhythms and exacerbating health problems such as ulcers and weight gain.
Now a new study, published in the journal Occupational & Environmental Medicine , quantifies that effect on the brain's ability to think and remember. The researchers found that those who have worked shifts for more than 10 years experienced a decline in cognitive function equivalent to 6.5 years of aging.
The researchers, from several leading European universities including the Universite de Toulouse in France, studied 3,232 workers and gave them tests of speed and memory on three occasions. The workers were 32, 42, 52 and 62 when they were first tested and were seen again five and 10 years later. About 20 percent of those studied said they worked shifts that rotated between morning, afternoon and evening.
The researchers wrote that the findings have "important safety consequences not only for the individuals concerned, but also for society as a whole." That's especially important in the United States, where nearly 15 million Americans work full time on night shifts or irregular schedules. Americans also tend to work more hours than their counterparts in other developed countries. In a 2003 report, the International Labor Office found that work hours in the United States were greater than those in Japan and most of western Europe.
There was some hopeful news in the findings of the shift-work study. The aging effects on the brain appear to be reversible, although there doesn't seem to be a quick fix. Those who left shift work for at least five years, the researchers found, had improved cognitive function.
 
 
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Torrent Power posts Rs 23.07 cr profit for July-SepTorrent Power posts Rs 23.07 cr profit for July-Sep
How India can boost FII inflowsHi Guest
How India can boost FII inflows
In the 21st century, foreign investors invested $160 billion (in today's dollars) in India's equity markets. The US Federal Reserve has started to wean the US economy off phantom money, euphemistically called "quantitative easing" (QE). Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has been apprehensive about its potential impact on emerging economies like India. He made a vocal plea for a globally co-ordinated monetary policy action, ostensibly after due consideration of the impact of ...

Japanese firms using zero emission plan to protect environmentJapanese firms using zero emission plan to protect environment
Cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi assemblyCabinet approves dissolution of Delhi assembly
Bharti SoftBank acquires 36.5% stake in ScoopWhoop startupBharti SoftBank acquires 36.5% stake in ScoopWhoop startup
Sharmila  Vani to spearhead Indian challengeSharmila  Vani to spearhead Indian challenge
Truth behind property boom during Indian festive seasonsTruth behind property boom during Indian festive seasons
Crude oil plunges over 5% in futures tradeCrude oil plunges over 5% in futures trade
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Crude oil prices plunged by 5.06 per cent to Rs 4,712 per barrel in the evening session in futures trading today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weak trend in Asian trade.
The exchange opened for the evening session as it remained closed in the morning for ‘Muharram’
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in November month contract fell sharply Rs 251, or 5.06 per cent to Rs 4,712 per barrel in business turnover of 16,218 lots.
Similarly, oil for delivery in December traded lower by Rs 242, or 4.85 per cent to Rs 4,748 per barrel in 1,583 lots.
Analysts said the sentiment dampened in futures trade after crude oil prices extended losses in Asia after leading global producer Saudi Arabia slashed its export prices for the US market while hiking them for Asia.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell 40 cents to $ 78.38 in mid-morning trade, below its lowest settlement point since June 2012.
Brent crude for December was also down 38 cents at $ 84.40 a barrel.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Mobile breaches hit 40% of UK businessesMobile security breaches hit more than 40% of UK businesses
Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57d648e0-6404-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre to re-look at gold import curbs after Diwali: Jaitleygold and precious material
Gold imports jumped to $3.75 billion in September on account of the ongoing festive season.
Faced with five-fold rise in gold imports that is pushing up the current account deficit, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said the government would look at re-imposing curbs on gold imports after Diwali.
“Let the festival season be over, I will have a look at it,” said Mr. Jaitley replying to a query on whether government will re-impose restrictions on gold imports. He was, however, non-committal on the nature of restrictions the government might go in for.
“I don’t want to spoil the festival season. It is only a few days away. Therefore, after the festival I will have to look at it,” Mr. Jaitley told a business channel. The government as well as the Reserve Bank of India had imposed a string of restrictions on gold imports as the country’s current account deficit (CAD) widened to a record high of 4.8 per cent of GDP in 2012-13. The government had increased the customs duty on gold to 10 per cent and banned import of gold coins and medallions, while the RBI linked imports of the metal to exports. However, the RBI has started easing some of the curbs and allowed more nominated agencies to import the yellow metal.
Gold imports jumped to $3.75 billion in September on account of the ongoing festive season. The imports stood at $682.5 million in the same month last year. Higher imports pushed up the country’s trade deficit to about 18-month high of $14.2 billion last month. Gold imports were down for quite a long time following the restrictions. On extension of excise duty sops for the auto sector expiring in December, Mr. Jaitley said the government would take a view at the right time.

Swiss gold exports to India soar; banks waryNew Delhi/Berne, October 27, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 00:28 IST
Swiss gold exports to India soar; banks wary
PTI
economy, business and finance
As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs. 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs. 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by the Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, show the data compiled by the Swiss government’s cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for ‘layering’ purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at ‘derisking’ the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.

New India Assurance net profit up 40%Updated: November 3, 2014 23:29 IST
New India Assurance net profit up 40%
Special Correspondent
insurance
The company plans to add 250 micro offices during the year
New India Assurance said that its net profit grew by 40 per cent to Rs. 899 crore in the first half this fiscal , compared to Rs. 644 crore in a year-ago period.
“The company continues its trend of increasing market share in the current year also amid stiff competition, indicating strong support from its customers,” said G. Srinivasan, Chairman-cum-Managing Director, New India Assurance, while talking to The Hindu.
 “The global premium in the first half increased to Rs.7,728 crore and the growth is largely due to its increased focus on retail business.
 While the global premium increased 12 per cent, domestic premium grew 14 per cent to Rs. 6,428 crore.
“We are targeting a global premium of Rs.16,300 crore in this year and we are quite confident of achieving this number,” said Mr. Srinivasan, adding, “the domestic business also would grow at 15 per cent this year, considering the measures announced by the Government.”
It plans to add 250 micro offices this year to increase its reach. It is recruiting 15,000 agents during the year.
New India is actively participating in the Common Service Centres to enable policies to be issued in remote areas of the country.

Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 mn salaryCairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to get $1.15 mn salary
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 15:28 IST
Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar, its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of $1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances. Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of $1 million per annum plus $1.5 lakh in a special allowance/foreign service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one-time joining bonus of $1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full-time CEO since its long-standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group-controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised of Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company's annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders' nod for the appointment.
He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro-Canada and Suncor Energy.
Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on-ground execution, Cairn said in the notice. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited.
He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango's resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. P K Mukherjee, the Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd's iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act. Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act, it added.

Launch of new homes dips by 21% in citiesAhmedabad
(Number of new home launches…)
NEW DELHI: The number of new home launches declined by 21 per cent to 34,600 units during July-September period in the eight major cities -- with Ahmedabad witnessing the maximum drop -- as property market continues to witness slowdown and a large number of housing stocks remain unsold.
Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Bangalore witnessed launch of 43,800 housing units in the year-ago period, according to property consultant Cushman & Wakefield.
"Unit launches decreased as developers focused on completing existing projects (in the wake of significant unsold inventory) and delayed new launches awaiting an increase in demand," C&W said in a statement.
During the third quarter of 2014, 166 new housing projects were launched across these eight cities, with Chennai recording the highest with 45 projects and Ahmedabad reporting the lowest number of new launches of 5 projects.
City-wise, Ahmedabad witnessed the maximum fall of 62 per cent in the launches of new homes. Only 800 housing units were launched during July-September 2014 as against 2,100 units in the year-ago period.
After Ahmedabad, Delhi-NCR saw a decline of 54 per cent in new residential launches of about 4,500 units as compared to 9,700 units the same time last year. Bangalore saw a fall of 27 per cent and Mumbai 11 per cent.
However, the launches of new homes increased in Kolkata, Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad on expectation of improvement in housing demand.
"Kolkata saw a significant rise in the new launches in the quarter over same time last year. With 2,300 unit launches, market activity improved by around 28 per cent from the previous year," C&W said, adding that Pune also experienced a growth in total units launched of about 18 per cent due to festive season demand.
New home launches increased by 7 per cent and 5 per cent in Chennai and Hyderabad, respectively.
Segment-wise, the consultant said that sharpest decline in launches was recorded in the affordable segment, which declined by 52 per cent in Q3 2014 as against Q3 2013.
Commenting on the report, C&W India Executive Director (Residential Services) Shveta Jain said: "Supply outstrips demand in most of these cities due to weak market sentiments and slower growth rate in sales due to which new launches have remained checked."
"There is a conscious effort by developers to keep the number units low thereby making smaller sized projects to help them deliver on time and meet the expectations of the purchasers. This in turn has been instrumental in keeping the prices stable in the market allowing the market to remain positive," she added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre forced to take decision on Assembly dissolution: ArvindKejriwalOn whether he will contest from the New Delhi constituency, Kejriwal said the party will take a decision on the issue.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 6:47 pm
On a day Union Cabinet recommended dissolution of Delhi Assembly, AAP Chief Arvind Kejriwal said the Centre was forced to take the decision as BJP’s attempts to “poach” AAP MLAs did not succeed and exhuded confidence of winning at least 45 seats in the polls to the 70-member House.
The former Delhi Chief Minister accused BJP of trying to form a government by “hook or crook”, and thanked Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) legislators for “foiling” efforts by that party to take the reins of Delhi through “unfair means”.
“BJP was trying to form government through dishonesty. Four attempts by them to form government had been foiled. Finally following court’s intervention, they were forced to recommend dissolution of the Delhi Assembly,” Kejriwal said.
The AAP Chief also referred to a video released in September by his party in which Delhi BJP Vice President Sher Singh Dagar purportedly offered Rs 4 crore to an AAP MLA. BJP had issued a show cause notice to Dagar.
“This is probably for the first time in history of India that dishonest efforts to influence even a single MLA did not succeed. It proved that everybody is not for sale. There is still honesty,” he said, adding, “I congratulate all party MLAs for foiling BJP’s attempt.”
Kejriwal, who led a 49-day government after the Assembly polls in December last year, said the NDA government has failed to check price rise and that law and order situation in Delhi was deteriorating “fast”.
“We are confident of winning at least 45 seats. We are confident that people of Delhi will bless us,” he said. AAP had won 28 seats in the last Assembly polls but drew a blank in the Lok Sabha elections in New Delhi.
Asked about the issues the party will focus in the poll campaign, Kejriwal said achievements of the AAP government will be highlighted, besides the party’s resolve to provide a corruption-free administration.
“We will provide the first corruption-free government in Delhi. We will make Delhi a truely world-class city,” he said.
Asking BJP to name its Chief Ministerial candidate, AAP leader Ashutosh said Delhiites will have to decide between Kejriwal and BJP’s Jagdish Mukhi.
He said BJP was not confident of its electoral prospects.
On whether he will contest from the New Delhi constituency, Kejriwal said the party will take a decision on the issue.
Regarding tension in certain areas in New Delhi, Kejriwal accused BJP of spreading politics of hatred in the city.
In the outgoing Assembly, BJP and its ally Akali Dal have 29 MLAs in a House of 67. Three seats fell vacant after the continued…

Central intelligence agencies sound alert of possible terror attack in Kolkata topolicePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 4, 2014 6:26 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:47 pm
Central intelligence agencies have alerted Kolkata police about the possibility of a terror attack in the city, especially in the port area, a senior official of Kolkata police said on Tuesday.
“We have received inputs from central intelligence agencies that there might be a terror attack in Kolkata, especially in port area. We have beefed up the security in the port area and have put the entire city under security blanket,” said a senior Kolkata police officer on condition of anonymity.
According to the input, terrorists might carry out an attack in port area and may also use small boats to carry out the attack, he added.

Mumbai tops list of Internet users in India:...Cities
(Mumbai saw Internet user…)
NEW DELHI: Mumbai has the highest number of Internet users at about 16.4 million in the country which has over 243 million web users, a study has found.
The commercial capital of India saw the Internet user base growing to about 16.4 million in October this year from 12 million in the same month last year, the joint study by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and IMRB said.
Delhi was second with a user base of 12.1 million. The National Capital recorded the fastest year-on-year growth rate of 50 per cent in Internet user base among top eight cities of the country.
India had about 243 million Internet users as of June 2014, according to IAMAI.
Top eight cities -- Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Pune -- accounted for over 58 million Internet users, the study said. Kolkata ranked third in the list with 6.27 million users, followed by Bangalore (5.99 million) and Chennai (5.58 million).
"Overall, the top four metros have a 23 per cent penetration of Internet users users in India. The other four metros have 11 per cent penetration," it said.
Among other cities with a population of more than one million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur have the highest number of Internet users. Surat had 2.97 million users, followed by Jaipur (2.35 million), Lucknow (1.95 million) and Vadodara (1.85 million).
Among other cities with a population of more than one million, Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Vadodara and Nagpur have the highest number of Internet users. Surat had 2.97 million users, followed by Jaipur (2.35 million), Lucknow (1.95 million) and Vadodara (1.85 million).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aditya Birla Minerals mulls selling Mt Gordo...Aditya Birla Minerals in talks to sell Mt Gordon mine
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 06.17PM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Minerals
(After putting mine operations…)
MELBOURNE: Aditya Birla Minerals, owned by the Aditya Birla Group, is in talks with a potential buyer to sell its Mt Gordon copper mine in Australia.
After putting the mine operations under "care and maintenance" for the last 18 months, the company has said it has already started negotiations with a "third party" for sale.
Aditya Birla Minerals, a copper mining company located in Australia, has operations in Western Australia and Queensland. The company conducts copper mining and exploration activities at the Nifty Copper Operation in Western Australia and the Mt Gordon Copper Operations, near Mt Isa in Queensland.
"As part of the strategic review of the company's Mt Gordon operations, management is presently in negotiations with a third party for the potential disinvestment of 100 per cent shares in Birla Mt Gordon," the company said in a filing to Australian Stock Exchange.
"These negotiations may or may not conclude successfully, however the market will be informed appropriately if the Board takes any decision to enter into a binding sale agreement," it added.
The Mt Gordon operation, located in north-west Queensland, approximately 120 km north of Mt Isa, was set up to produce copper in concentrate at an annualised rate of approximately 1.4 mtpa of ore processing.
The company did not undertake any field exploration on Mt Grodon since April 2013. It recently held discussions with the Queensland Department of Natural Resources and Mines, and a plan for rationalisation of current granted regional tenure was under preparation for submission to the authority.
Copper concentrates from Aditya Birla Minerals 'copper mines are shipped to Hindalco Industries' copper smelter in India. Hindalco has 51 per cent shareholding in Aditya Birla Minerals.
The company recommenced mining operations and production from the Nifty mine during the July-September quarter after a prohibition notice was issued by the Department of Mines and Petroleum subsequent to a sinkhole incident in March 2014.
Compared to the corresponding quarter last year, copper production and sales of the company during the quarter ended September 2014 decreased by 80 per cent and 98 per cent respectively due to no production till last week of August.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt sets up panel to ease filing procedures for corporatesGovt sets up committee to simplify statutory filing procedures for corporates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 19:42 IST
Photo for representation purposes only.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has set up an internal committee to review online forms as well as the overall filing process for companies , as part of efforts to simplify procedures for stakeholders under the new Companies law.
The Ministry is responsible for implementation of Companies Act and all entities registered under this law have to make their filings to the Ministry through MCA21 portal. Companies are required to submit their filings electronically through MCA21.
An internal committee, which has been recently set up, will suggest changes required for simplification and removal of difficulties faced by stakeholders in filing e-Forms, the Ministry has said in its monthly newsletter for October.
Recently, the Ministry has issued many circulars and notifications with regard to the new Companies law - many provisions of which came into effect from April 1, 2014. Among others, four new e-Forms were introduced while two others were modified in September.
The new e-Forms introduced are MGT-10 (changes in shareholding position of promoters and top ten shareholders), DPT-4 (statement regarding deposits existing on the commencement of the Act), DIR-3C (intimation of Director Identification Number by the company to the Registrar DIN services) and ADT-3 (notice of resignation by the auditor). Two e-Forms - DIR-3 (application for allotment of Director Identification Number) and DIR-6 (Intimation of change in particulars of director to be given to the central government) - were modified.
Meanwhile, the MCA21 portal registered more than 15 lakh filings in October. MCA21 portal recorded over 15 lakh filings in the previous month, during which daily filing exceeded 100,000 on four occasions. It is a new record in terms of single month filing till date, the Ministry has said in a communication.

New Mercedes C-Class India Launch on 25thNovemberPrint
The 2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class was unveiled internationally during the North American International Show held at Detroit, USA in December 2013.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:06 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:19 pm
The all-new 2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class will be launched in India on 25th of November 2014. The new C-Class gets new underpinnings, grows in dimension and gets more equipment than before.
The 2015 Mercedes-Benz C-Class was unveiled internationally during the North American International Show held at Detroit, USA in December 2013. Mercedes-Benz decided to concentrate on launching the CLA45, GLA-Class and GLA45 before turning their attention on the new C-Class for India.
The new Mercedes C-Class is based on a new platform; called the MRA or the Mercedes Rear-wheel-drive Architecture platform, this will serve as the base for many future rear-wheel drive cars from the company. Extensive use of aluminium has resulted in the new C-Class losing around 100 Kg in terms of weight as compared to the earlier model.
In terms of dimensions, the new C-Class is 95mm longer at 4,686mm, is wider by 40mm at 1.810mm, 5mm shorter at 1.442mm and has a 80mm longer wheelbase at 2,840mm than the older model. This huge difference in dimensions is warranted as the upcoming CLA-Class four-door coupe will become the new entry-level sedan for the company in India and is closer to the older C-Class in terms of overall dimensions.
Design-wise, the exterior design of the new C-Class is heavily influenced by the new S-Class sedan. Inside, the C-Class gets more luxurious. Mercedes is expected to offer a lot of features with the new C-Class, but we will have to wait for the company to announce which ones will be offered in India. There is a plethora of optional equipment that the C-Class is offered with in international markets, it will be interesting to see how well-packed the Indian version will be. Some innovative equipment offered with the new C-Class includes Mercedes’ AIRMATIC air-suspension, PRE-SAFE braking system, ATTENTION ASSIST monitoring system etc.
It is being reported that the company will be launching the petrol powered variant(s) of the Mercedes C-Class first and launch the diesel variant(s) later. The engines may be offered along with a new 7-speed dual-clutch transmission too. The C-Class is expected to be assembled at the company’s plant in Pune, Maharashtra as was the case before. Stay tuned for more details on the upcoming Mercedes C-Class.

Family of the late John Hughes donates mansionBy Bob Goldsborough , Chicago Tribune
Family of the late John Hughes donates mansion
Mansion donated to Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital
The family of the late movie director John Hughes announced Monday that it is donating one of the family's two mansions in east Lake Forest to Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital as part of a fundraising campaign for a new hospital.
The move comes as the seven-bedroom, 11,233-square-foot mansion on Westminster Avenue had languished on the market for the past three years. Hughes and his wife, Nancy, had long owned and occupied the Westminster Avenue mansion.
cComments
As long as our tax rates are below 100% then donating something for the sake of 'taking a deduction' will always be a losing proposition as compared to selling the asset outright. The Hughes family's tax deduction will be much less than the profit they could make by selling the...
mike00529
6
Hughes wrote, produced and directed movies set and filmed in the northern suburbs such as "Ferris Bueller's Day Off," "The Breakfast Club," "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" and "Home Alone." Hughes died in August 2009 at age 59 of a heart attack in New York.
Several months after Hughes' death, Nancy Hughes paid $5.2 million for a 17-room, 6,700-square-foot mansion about a block from Lake Michigan. In 2011 she placed the Westminster Avenue mansion on the market for $5.89 million. In early 2013, she cut her asking price to $4.995 million and reduced it again to $4.295 million in February.
On Oct. 1, Nancy Hughes took the Westminster Avenue mansion off the market.
On Monday Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital announced that the donation of the Westminster Avenue mansion and its 2.1-acre property will "help in the development of (a) new replacement hospital, which, to date, is the largest economic development project in Lake Forest history."
"John loved the beauty of Lake Forest; I love Lake Forest," Nancy Hughes said in the release. "So when the opportunity to help advance the hospital was presented, it was an easy decision to make."
The hospital will use the proceeds of selling the mansion to help pay for the new hospital. Designed by architect Edwin Hill Clark, the mansion was built in 1930 and expanded with a large addition in 1992. The three-story mansion has six full baths, four half baths, six fireplaces, a media room and a three-car, heated garage.

The flagship is reinventing itself. See howThe Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is among the latest flagships to enter the Indian market.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:22 pm
Are flagships, the big heroes of the mobile world, slowly losing their clout? Not really, if you look at the sales of the Apple iPhone 6, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 or the Sony Z3. But their lure for certain categories of buyers seems to be slowly waning as the best specifications are no longer the exclusive domain of the flagships.
There was a time when the flagship smartphone, the top product from a company, usually priced upwards of $600, would have the features which none of the other phones from even the same brand would sport. This was the true flagship, a product for which people aspired for and saved up for months to buy. Even if everyone was not able to afford the flagship, the devices create a ‘hero effect’, where those aspiring for the top-end phone end up buying an affordable device from the same brand.
With flagship smartphones, Sony is aiming to drive technology and design leadership. Sachin Rai, business head, Xperia, Sony India, said, “Within two years of the launch of our first flagship model, the Xperia Z, we have seen a significant growth in the smartphone category, with the Z series acting as a category image driver for Sony.” Samsung too milked this wonderfully well for many years with the Galaxy S series and still does so with newer phones in the series.
ALSO READ: Top flagships this season
While flagships still command a lot of eyeballs and eventual sales, they are slowly losing sheen primarily because the affordable phones are getting better. But with this low volume segment still accounting for substantial value for all companies, the manufacturers are reinventing how they sell the flagship. Earlier, you would have one flagship which would command a premium and drive people to buy a slightly lower cost model from the same brand—the so-called Hero Effect.
A company like HTC has three or four flagship phones catering to different price points. “The hero effect will always be there for our flagship M8. Those who can’t buy that will start looking at the Desire 816 a step below. But these consumers will always be looking to migrate to the top end device,” explained Jack Yang, president, HTC South Asia.
Samsung has three flagships at the moment, the Galaxy S5, Note 4 and the new Galaxy Alpha. Asim Warsi, vice-president, Mobile & IT, Samsung India, said, “We have positioned flagship products towards varied consumers such as Galaxy S5 for consumers seeking best possible technology and refined mobile experience, Galaxy Note 4 for the executives and Galaxy Alpha is for trendsetters and youth. We believe that offering consumers more choices is of critical importance.”
Similarly, Sony launched two this year in the Xperia Z2 and Z3. The Sony India business head said that with smartphone technology changing rapidly, Sony will continued…

Qatar Airways announces 25% discountUpdated: November 3, 2014 17:42 IST
Qatar Airways announces 25% discount
pti
air transport
Qatar Airways on Monday rolled out a limited period promotional fares scheme, offering up to 25 per cent discount to its customers, including in India to destinations across Europe, Africa, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and the Americas.
The week-long offer comes into effect from November 3 and will continue till November 10 with a travel period window of six months, Qatar Airways said in a release.
The discount of up to 25 per cent is being offered for return travel on Qatar Airways in all classes for travel originating from India, it said.
“This exciting offer provides our passengers travelling on leisure or business trips, an opportunity to visit more than 140 destinations worldwide on our rapidly expanding global network.
“We look forward to seeing them take advantage of these incredibly special fares over the next few days,” Qatar Airways vice president for the Indian sub-continent Ihab Sorial said.

Related to Spire developer: Where s the deedChicago Spire developer Garrett Kelleher and his venture partner appeared unlikely to make a required payment due Friday, based on an email his lawyer sent city officials Friday morning. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
About 12:07 a.m. Saturday, seven minutes after Friday's midnight deadline — seven minutes after which a payment of at least $22 million was due from Shelbourne North Water Street to Related Midwest but not made — attorneys for Related filed papers with U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Chicago to court to compel Irish developer Garrett Kelleher's Shelbourne to turn over the deed to the much-talked-about site at 400 N. Lake Shore Drive.
Related, arguing that Shelbourne breached an already approved settlement and the confirmed bankruptcy plan by not making a payment or handing over the deed, wants U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Janet Baer to order Shelbourne to relinquish the deed to the 2.2-acre site.

Krugman: Business Leaders Give Awful Economic Advicekrugman: business leaders give awful economic advice
Cheap Air Tickets: How Some Airlines BenefitSebi Joins Hands With RBI to Check Shady Stock Deals of NBFCs
Domestic budget airline SpiceJet has been at the forefront of announcing promotional schemes to attract flyers. Speaking to NDTV Profit, Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, the airline has seen a bump-up in passenger traffic, whenever it has launched such schemes.
Explaining the rationale for launching such schemes, Mr Kapoor said, "We don't like to fly empty planes. Once a plane takes off that empty seat is lost forever." ( Watch )
By selling excess capacity in advance, through advance fare schemes, "We are trying to get rid of excess capacity early so that close to the date to the departure we are leaving with much fuller capacity" the SpiceJet executive added.
Other airlines have also periodically launched advance fare schemes. This has seen passenger traffic rising in recent months. In September, domestic airlines saw a 28 per cent growth in passenger traffic as compared to a year earlier.
Besides promotional schemes, an uptick in consumer sentiment has also contributed to the higher airline traffic. Giving a breakup, Mr Kapoor estimates 8-9 per cent traffic growth coming from the rise in business sentiment and 18-20 per cent from demand-inducing promotional schemes. Mr Kapoor sees a pick-up in passenger traffic in October though it has not officially declared the passenger traffic details.
"It's a win-win situation for everybody. By stimulating demand through advance purchase schemes, total revenue per aircraft goes up," he added.
During the first quarter (April-June), SpiceJet reported nearly 10 per cent rise in revenue per available seat-kilometre.
Sharing another insight into passenger behavior, Mr Kapoor said that if the discount fares are delayed at the last minute, customers prove to be least price sensitive. "If you do you biggest discount in the last minute, you are shooting yourself in the foot," he said.
Recently, the price of jet fuel was slashed by 7.3 per cent in a big relief to airlines. According to estimates, fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses.
"The jet fuel price has been cut by 10 per cent in last two months. And based on last fiscal's numbers, it could save us Rs 320 crore  in fuel expenses," Mr Kapoor added.
But airlines have not yet announced a cut in passenger fares. "In India, airfares are among the lowest in the world on an average but despite the price cut fuel prices are significantly higher than the global average," he said. Fares can't go lower than what they are today, Mr Kapoor added.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:51 (IST)

Jihadis exploit porous European borders© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/421ddb36-5620-11e4-93b3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sprint third-quarter revenue rises slightly less than expected0
"My job as CEO is to make sure that all costs reflect the value that we are going to provide to the market. I said on day one to all my employees that we were going to take costs out and there will be layoffs," Marcelo Claure told Reuters in an interview.
More job cuts are not expected, although the company is always looking for ways to cut costs, he added.
Sprint expects to eliminate $1.5 billion in annual expenses, and hopes the cuts will offset service revenue declines as contract customers switch carriers.
"He has to cut costs, that's the easiest away to show he is doing something overall," said Roger Entner, analyst at Recon Analytics. "He needs to get aggressive with pricing to attract more customers, but most importantly he needs a better network."
Sprint has been undergoing a painful revamping of its network that has caused a mass exodus of subscribers. The carrier, which appointed Claure as chief executive officer in August, has been cutting prices aggressively, doubling the data its competitors offer.
The company also named Junichi Miyakawa as technical chief operating officer last Friday. Miyakawa will oversee Sprint's network as the company completes its network overhaul.
"We've decided to make some leadership changes. More changes are coming," Claure warned.
Sprint shares dropped 7.74 percent to $5.72 in after-market trading after closing at $6.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Sprint reported a loss of 19 cents per share, well below analyst expectations of a loss of 6 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company expects earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization in 2015 to be neutral to modestly higher.
Sprint said it lost 272,000 contract wireless subscribers in the third quarter, more than Wall Street analysts anticipated.
Sprint, which is 80 percent owned by Japan's SoftBank Corp , said its operating losses narrowed to $192 million, or 19 cents per share, in the third quarter, from a loss of $398 million, or 24 cents per share, in the same quarter a year ago.
Revenue rose to $8.5 billion from $7.7 billion in the year-ago quarter, slightly below the average analyst estimate, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Marina Lopes; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Andre Grenon)

Lucas Museum design an architectural mountain on city s lakefrontVOA has designed offices for Ariel Investments, whose president, Mellody Hobson, is Lucas' wife.
The three men described key features of the proposal:
- Visitors could park in an existing two-level structure, known as the Waldron parking deck, on the north side of the museum site. A new pedestrian bridge, spanning the curving road that leads into the Museum Campus from Lake Shore Drive, would bring visitors to the museum's main entrance, facing Lake Michigan.
- That entrance, outdoor plazas and an amphitheater would be on the museum's second level. They would form a platform that would partially cover the existing surface lot, which is known as the South Lot. Extending into the landscape, these outdoor elements would be the equivalent of foothills to Ma's mountain.
"The whole idea of the building is to be part of nature, part of (the) landscape," the architect said.
- The southernmost portion of the South Lot would remain uncovered but would get additional landscaping. The Lucas team has begun negotiations with the Chicago Park District, Soldier Field's owner, to ensure that Bears fans are not denied tailgating spots outside the stadium, Toolis said.
- The design will include a significant addition of green space to the Museum Campus, but no estimate of how many acres was given.
- Once inside the museum, visitors would encounter a sky-lit, domed lobby, ringed by galleries for Lucas' collection, which includes paintings by Norman Rockwell and other realist artists, movie memorabilia including "Star Wars" objects and digital art. Ramps outside the dome would lead to four levels of galleries above.
Designs of the galleries, which will be flexible, "black box" spaces with minimal natural light, were not released Monday.
The interior would also include four movie theaters (two large and two small), archives, offices, an education center, the sixth-floor restaurant and the seventh-floor observation deck. Windows sliced into the museum's facade would allow for views of the lakefront and the downtown skyline.
At 400,000 square feet, the museum would be about four times the size of the 93,000-square-foot building Lucas planned in San Francisco. That building, with two tall stories, was to have been about 65 feet tall compared with 110 feet for the structure proposed in Chicago.
For Ma, founder of the firm MAD Architects, who has won international recognition for museums in his native China and the curvaceous "Marilyn Monroe" residential towers near Toronto, Monday's unveiling represented a striking professional turnabout.
In 2000, before he began graduate studies at Yale's architecture school, he was a summer employee at the office of Chicago architect Helmut Jahn. During that summer, he recalled Monday, he once walked along the lakefront from Lincoln Park to the site now proposed for the Lucas Museum, taking in fireworks and food festivals. Now he is designing a major building on a choice waterfront site.
"It's not about me," he said Monday of his design. "You already have so much great architecture" in Chicago. The idea "was to create a future architecture for Chicago," one, he said, that would create harmony "between the person and the landscape."
The Chicago Plan Commission will be among the city bodies reviewing the Lucas Museum's plans. Lakefront protectionists have argued that the museum should be located at another site. They have cited the 1973 Lakefront Protection Ordinance, which calls for Chicago to protect the shoreline's open character.

Short View: Index pickers of BoJNovember 3, 2014 4:38 pm
Japan goes bold in deflation fight
By Ben McLannahan
BoJ embraces an alternative share index
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2bf1a56-6339-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virginia state trial court ruling on the Fifth Amendment and smart phonesBy Orin Kerr November 3
Last week, there was a lot of press coverage about a Virginia court ruling on how the Fifth Amendment applies to bypassing a smart phone passcode. The ruling hasn’t been available before today, but here it is: Commonwealth v. Baust , via Marcia Hofmann . It’s a short opinion, just five pages, so it’s a quick read. Unfortunately, though, the opinion doesn’t address the really important issue raised by compelled decryption: Whether the government can force the defendant to enter in the passcode. It’s not the court’s fault that the opinion didn’t reach that, to be clear. The government never asked for an order compelling the defendant to do that, so the court didn’t decide it. Here’s a quick rundown of the facts, the law, and my reaction.
The defendant has been charged with assaulting a woman. There is reason to believe that the defendant videotaped the assault and that there is a copy of the video on the defendant’s passcode-protected smart phone. The state wants the defendant to be ordered either to disclose his passcode so the police can enter in the passcode to unlock the phone themselves, or else to give up his fingerprint to unlock the phone directly using the phone’s fingerprint sensor.
The court reaches a split ruling. First, there is no Fifth Amendment problem with forcing the defendant to provide his fingerprint. Second, the defendant cannot be forced to tell the government his passcode because that would be forcing the defendant to disclose the contents of his own mind. Most importantly, the court rules that the foregone conclusion doctrine doesn’t apply because the police don’t know the passcode:
Contrary to the Commonwealth’s assertion, the password is not a foregone conclusion because it is not known outside of Defendant’s mind. Unlike a document or tangible thing, such as an unencrypted copy of the footage itself, if the password was a foregone conclusion, the Commonwealth would not need to compel Defendant to produce it because they would already know it.
In dicta, the Court adds that the defendant could not be compelled to hand over a decrypted version of the video believed to be on his phone. That’s true because it is not a foregone conclusion that the video exists or is on the phone. The defendant can’t be forced to effectively testify as to that by producing a decrypted version of the video.
This is just a state court trial ruling, not an appellate decision. So it’s interesting more for its reasoning than its precedential value. With that said, here are some thoughts on the reasoning of the case.
First, the court’s ruling on divulging a fingerprint is easy. There’s obviously no Fifth Amendment problem with that. On the government’s request for the passcode, the opinion is frustrating because the government’s request was poorly framed. In this case, the government doesn’t need to know the defendant’s passcode. It only needs to bypass the passcode gate, either through the fingerprint or by having the passcode entered in by the defendant. If the government couldn’t get into the phone with the fingerprint, then, the sensible request would be for an order to have the defendant enter in the code rather than an order disclosing it to the government. But the government didn’t ask for that: Instead it asked for an order that the defendant tell them his passcode.
What’s the difference? Having the defendant enter in his passcode would minimize the Fifth Amendment implications of the compelled compliance, as it would not involve disclosing the potentially incriminating evidence of the passcode itself. The passcode itself could be independently incriminating, at least in some cases. Imagine a conspiracy case in which members of the conspiracy use a common passcode. Proof that a suspect used that exact passcode on his own phone would be incriminating evidence, as it could help to show membership in the conspiracy.
Because the passcode itself could be incriminating, the smart way to limit the Fifth Amendment problem is for the government to ask for an order compelling the target to enter in the passcode rather than to divulge it to the police. That way, the government gets the unlocked phone but never gets the passcode. If the defendant has to enter in the passcode rather than tell it to the police, the testimonial aspect of complying would only be admitting knowledge of the passcode, which would very likely be a foregone conclusion in a case where the phone is used heavily by that person. But the government didn’t ask for that here, so the court didn’t consider how the Fifth Amendment would apply in such circumstances.
Notably, the court does address in dicta whether it would be incriminating for the defendant to hand over the unencrypted video believed to be on the phone. But forcing the defendant to hand over the unencrypted video is quite different from having him enter in the passcode to unlock the phone. Being forced to enter in the passcode to unlock the phone amounts to being forced to say, “I know the passcode for this phone.” On the other hand, as the court recognized, being forced to produce the unencrypted video amounts to being forced to say much more, such as “I admit that the video exists; I admit that this is the video; I know where that video is; and I admit that I know what video you’re talking about.” Being forced to produce the video raises a host of Fifth Amendment issues that merely entering in the passcode does not.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Meghalaya minister chargesheeted for allegedly using rebels to threaten votersPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:20 am
Police in Meghalaya have filed a chargesheet against social welfare minister Deborah C Marak for allegedly using a banned underground outfit to intimidate voters in order to win the elections in 2013.
“We have filed a chargesheet against Deborah C Marak under Sections 102(B), 171(F) and 506 of the IPC after gathering enough evidence to prove that she had used underground elements to intimidate voters of independent candidate Jonathon Sangma on the eve of the 2013 state assembly elections,” East Garo Hills district SP Davis N R Marak told The Indian Express today.
The chargesheet that the police filed in the chief judicial magistrate’s court in Williamnagar yesterday also made specific mention about Marak using the cadres of the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) to intimidate voters, in lieu of which she promised to support the cause of the outfit for creation of a separate Garoland state, SP Marak said.
While Section 120(B) deals with criminal conspiracy, Section 171(F) is about undue influence in elections, and Section 506 is about criminal intimidation. Of these a person held guilty under Section 120(B) can be imprisoned up to six months, under Section 171(F) up to one year and under Section 506 up to seven years.
The SP said a large number of pamphlets were distributed in Williamnagar town and Williamnagar assembly constituency through which voters were threatened with dire consequences if they did not vote in favour of Deborah C Marak.
“Investigations have established that Deborah C Marak had sought help of the GNLA to intimidate the voters of Jonathon Sangma and that the pamphlets were distributed at her behest,” the SP said. “We have enough evidence to prove her involvement,” he added.
Minister Deborah C Marak, when contacted however denied the charges and said she had never taken help from any underground group. “In fact I was targeted by the GNLA during the run-up to the elections and I still have problems with a knee that was hurt during the attack,” she told The Indian Express over the telephone.
“I don’t know on what basis my opponent candidate Jonathon Sangma has made the allegations and on what basis the police have filed the chargesheet. I am surprised. I have not seen the content of the chargesheet as also the allegations leveled against me. Let me first get hold of a copy of both,” she said.
Four times MLA from Williamnagar, the 49-year old Deborah Marak also said she was very popular among the voters and did not require any help from underground organizations to win. “People of my constituency love me and are convinced that I am the right person to represent them. They have voted for me four times in a row,” she said.

Respect our soldiers  stop parading them at WagahUber cab rape case: Accused arrested in Mathura after day-long raids
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
Nearly two days after the rape of a woman executive in Delhi by a radio cab driver, the accused was arrested on the outskirts of Mathura in Uttar Pradesh Sunday. He will be handed to the Delhi Police and brought back to the Capital. The breakthrough came after 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura as well as Mainpuri. A 25-year-old woman MNC employee was allegedly raped by the driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night when she was returning home from a dinner party.

Srei Infra NCD Mops Rs. 332 Crore from MarketYou are here: Home Corporates
Srei Infra NCD Mops Rs 332 Crore from Market
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 14:35 (IST)
TCS, Infosys, 4 Others Lose Rs 54,053 Crore in Market Value
Kolkata: Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited has said its secured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) was over-subscribed by 1.33 times to Rs 332 crore. The NCD base issue was Rs 250 crore, it said in a statement.
The issue had opened for subscription on September 29, 2014 and closed on October 31, 2014. Srei had filed shelf prospectus for raising Rs 1,500 crore from the market.
Srei group CEO, (liability and treasury), said: "We are extremely delighted by our NCD issue getting overwhelming support from investors to get oversubscribed 1.33 times in difficult market conditions.
"The oversubscription also indicates a growing retail appetite for secure investment products. As part of our strategy to expand our retail investor base, we will continue to periodically tap the market with NCDs".
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 14:32 (IST)

Kashmir: Protests erupt over death of two youngsters in army firingValley tense after killing of youths in army firing
Peerzada Ashiq , Hindustan Times  Srinagar, November 04, 2014
First Published: 12:49 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
Clashes between securitymen and protesters erupted in Srinagar on Tuesday in the wake of the death of two youngsters in army firing in Kashmir.
Srinagar witnessed protests on Tuesday over security restrictions on Muharram processions and the death of two people in firing. (AP Photo)
At a time when the militancy-hit state is gearing up for assembly elections, security forces were busy tackling curfew-defying crowds on Tuesday in Srinagar's Nowgam area.
A huge contingent of securitymen was pitted against stone-throwing protesters, who tried to march towards the Jammu-Baramulla National Highway. The clashes led to closure of traffic on the highway.
Budgam killings would vitiate poll atmosphere: Omar
Tension gripped the Valley after two youth travelling in a car were killed and two others were injured when they were fired upon by army personnel in Chattergam area in Budgam district around 5pm on Monday.
The army admitted to firing at a white Maruti by the personnel of its mobile vehicle check points after it "failed to stop", and later regretted the deaths.
The army's Srinagar-based spokesperson said, "The condition of the two youth (injured in the firing) is stable. The families of the injured were immediately contacted and brought to 92 Base Hospital. The army is also in touch with the bereaved families of the other two."
The army also said it had initiated an inquiry into the firing. "Overnight, the personnel alleged to be involved in the incident were moved to the location of the inquiry," said the spokesperson.
Both hardline and moderate Hurriyat groups condemned the deaths. The moderate wing of the Hurriyat called a shutdown on Wednesday.
Stressing the guilty must be punished, Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, who was kept under house arrest on Tuesday, said, "The killing of two innocent youth by the army is highly condemnable. A complete shutdown should be observed tomorrow (Wednesday)."
Earlier on Tuesday, the youth - Faisal Ahmad Bhat and Mehraj-du-Din Ahmad Dar (both in their twenties) - were laid to rest. They were residents of Nowgam, which is on the outskirts of Srinagar.
People took out rallies in Chattergam, 5km from Nowgam, as well.
The government late on Monday evening imposed curfew-like restrictions in view of Muharram processions in Srinagar. Concertina wires and barricades were set up across the city to stop protests and vehicular movement.
Abdul Ghani Mir, inspector general of police, Kashmir, said an FIR was registered in connection with the case, which many fear could disturb the situation in Kashmir ahead of the November-December polls.
The ruling National Conference (NC) asked the Election Commission of India (ECI) to order a probe into the incident.
"Since the Model Code of Conduct is in effect due to the electoral process, the party appeals to the ECI to announce a time-bound probe into the incident or allow the state government to investigate and take suitable action based on the findings," said NC general secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar.
The incident forced political parties to cancel election rallies in south Kashmir on Tuesday.
People's Democratic Party (PDP) president Mehbooba Mufti called off her rally in Rajpora constituency in Pulwama district.
Similarly, the newly floated Kashmir Development Front, headed by former bureaucrat Farooq Renzu, cancelled its road shows in Budgam, Pulwama and Anantnag districts.

BJP has no icon  so taking Gandhiji  Patel  says Tarun GogoiTarun Gogoi. (Source: Indian Express)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 4:01 pm
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has no icon of its own, and so has picked up Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel in recent times, veteran Congress leader and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said here on Tuesday.
Gogoi also said that while Prime Minister Narendra Modi had started following Mahatma Gandhi only recently, he has been following Gandhiji since his school days. “I have been following Mahatma Gandhi’s ideals since my school days. But Modi has started following Gandhiji only recently,” he said.
“They (BJP) are now talking about Gandhiji’s ideals. But in reality they are dividing people as Hindus and Muslims. They are now also talking about Sardar Patel. They must also keep in mind that it was Patel who had banned the RSS. Anyway, it is good if they are trying to follow Patel ideologically. But I think they are trying to politicize Patel now,” Gogoi said at a press conference here today.
Criticising Modi for discovering khadi only recently, Gogoi said unlike in the BJP, khadi is compulsory in the Congress party. “Moreover, though Modi is now trying to popularize khadi, he himself hardly wears khadi,” Gogoi said.
Gogoi also claimed that while Modi had only now taken to a cleanliness drive, he had launched such a programme in 2007 itself. “You people only see Modi everywhere, you don’t see me,” the Assam chief minister said, taking a dig at the media for focusing more on Modi. “Yes, it is true that my cleanliness drive stopped sometime later. But that can happen to Modi’s drive too, you never know,” he added.
Claiming his cleanliness drive as better than that launched by prime minister Modi, the Assam chief minister said his “Nirmal Assam” was not just about cleaning up the neighbourhood or public places, but even cleaning the mind. “My Nirmal Assam programme covers so many aspects, like clean environment, greenery, safe drinking water and clean toilets,” Gogoi said. (ends)

Oil slides after Saudi cuts US pricesLast updated: November 5, 2014 7:46 am
Oil continues to tumble after Saudi discount
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb1f7b0e-6415-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://bit.ly/1ofCeiLTweet
The Great Recession was hard on most of the country, but few areas were hit harder than the rust belt. Since the end of the recession, however, many of the region’s cities have rallied, adding jobs as their economies improve.
Based on a review of data published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 24/7 Wall St. identified five cities that had some of the worst unemployment rates before and during the recession but also some of the most dramatic recoveries in recent years.
As recently as 2010, the unemployment rates in these five cities were exceptionally high, even when compared to the national unemployment rate of nearly 10%. In Muskegon, Michigan, for example, 13.5% of the workforce was unemployed in 2010, among the worst rates in the nation. In Kokomo, Indiana, the unemployment rate exceeded 12%.
Click here to see the five american cities back from the dead
As of August, however, the unemployment rates of all of these cities were less than or equal to the national unemployment rate of 6.1%. In Kokomo, the unemployment rate was 5.7%, or 8.8 percentage points lower than its former peak rate. Similarly, the unemployment rate in Indianapolis fell from a high of 11.3% in 2010 to just 6.1% this August.
These metro areas have also had a broad resurgence in economic activity. Nationwide, economic output fell by 1.9% between 2006 and 2009 and rebounded by 8.2% from 2009 through last year. By comparison, real gross metropolitan product (GMP) in Toledo, Ohio fell by 6.5% from 2006 through 2009, and rose by 9.4% in the four years that followed. No metro area has had larger swings in economic output than Kokomo. From 2006 to 2009, Kokomo’s GMP shrank at a compounded annual rate of more than 15%, or by a total of more than 40% in that time. From 2009 to 2013, however, Kokomo’s GMP rose at a compounded annual rate of roughly 12.7% — for a total increase of more than 61%.
One major reason for the resurgence in these areas has been a growth in manufacturing jobs. From 2009 to 2013, manufacturing employment in Toledo and Indianapolis rose by more than 9%. In Kokomo, employment in the sector was up 7% in that time. A number of developments in recent years have contributed to manufacturing growth. For one, President Barack Obama has championed manufacturing through the White House’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership, which aims to foster innovation and improve the business climate for manufacturers. Another development was the drop in natural gas prices, which has lowered manufacturing costs for a broad range of products.
The revitalization of the car industry has also been a boon to most of these cities. Each of the five metro areas reviewed is located in one of three states: Indiana, Michigan, or Ohio. All of these states are home to a large number of automotive industry jobs. According to the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing some of the largest carmakers in the industry, nearly 22% of Michigan’s job force works for an automaker, supplier, or dealer. In Ohio and Indiana, 12.4% and 13.9% of workers do, respectively. These three states alone account for nearly a third of all automotive sector jobs in the U.S.
To determine the five metro areas that are back from the dead, 24/7 Wall St. looked at unemployment rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). To be considered, a metro area had to have an unemployment rate of at least 6.0% in 2006, or roughly 30% above the national average. By 2010, unemployment must have risen to at least 11% before recovering to an unemployment rate equal to or below the national average of 6.1% in August. The labor force also could not have contracted more than 2.8% between 2010 and 2014. We reviewed average weekly wages by metro area through August 2014. For job growth data, we used three month moving averages.
In addition to BLS figures, we reviewed annual economic output data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis through 2013. From the U.S. Census Bureau, we looked at median home values, educational attainment, poverty rates, and the percent of employees by industry. Census Bureau data are as of 2013.
Here are five cities that are back from the dead.

Alibaba  Office Depot among premarket s biggest gainersWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Vinyl Chemicals standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 116.63 croreVinyl Chemicals standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 116.63 crore
Fake ration card scam accused is now Chhattisgarh BJPtreasurerLeela Ram Bhojwani's house in Rajnandgaon. (Source: IE photo)
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:11 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:13 pm
Lilram Bhojwani, a former BJP minister and chief of Chhattisgarh Civil Supplies Corporation Ltd whose name figured in the fake ration card scam, was on Tuesday appointed treasurer of the Chhattisgarh BJP.
State BJP president Dharam Lal Kaushik announced the new governing body of Chhattisgarh in consultation with national president Amit Shah. Three ministers of the last term, Chandrashekhar Sahu, Hemchand Yadav and Vikram Usendi, who had lost the November 2013 Assembly elections, were made vice-presidents.
The Indian Express had reported that over 14 lakh ration cards were issued to ineligible or non-existent beneficiaries in a few months before the Assembly elections.
While the CCSC is the nodal authority for PDS distribution in the state, its chief Bhojwani had a general category ration card and his three daughters-in-law held ration cards meant for BPL households. Under the rules, he and his family were ineligible to hold even a general ration card, but regular ration was lifted against their names. The district administration had even initiated a probe in the matter.
Bhojwani is a resident of Rajnandgaon, the home constituency of Chief Minister Raman Singh and his debutant MP son Abhishek Singh.

Alibaba s Q3 net profit rises by 15% to $1.1 bnAlibaba reports third quarter net profit rise by 15 per cent to $1.1 billion
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.25PM IST
The e-commerce giant recently completed the world's biggest stock offering said its third quarter net profit rose by 15 percent to $1.1 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd reported quarterly results which showed net income rising 15.5 per cent to $1.11 billion for the July-September period, meeting forecasts.
It was the Chinese e-commerce giant's first report to investors since its record-setting $25 billion listing in September.
The non-GAAP net income - which excludes the share-based compensation expenses and amortisation of intangible assets - compared with a consensus estimate of $1.17 billion based on a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 21 analysts.
Revenue rose 53.7 per cent to $2.74 billion, versus expected sales of $2.7 billion, its fastest growth in three quarters. Diluted earnings per share were $0.20, while non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45, up 9.4 per cent year-on-year.
"We delivered a strong quarter with significant growth across our key operating metrics," said Jonathan Lu, chief executive officer of Alibaba in its earnings statement.
Mobile revenue was more than ten times higher than in the same period last year and accounted for 22 per cent of total revenues, as Alibaba continued to successfully ramp up its mobile monetisation.
Meanwhile, profit margins shrank to a two-year low of 18 per cent.
The shares were flat in pre-market trading in New York, from $101.80 at Monday's close. The stock has risen about 50 per cent from its debut price.

BJD MP  two other politiciansheld in Odisha chit fund scamUber cab rape case: Accused arrested in Mathura after day-long raids
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
Nearly two days after the rape of a woman executive in Delhi by a radio cab driver, the accused was arrested on the outskirts of Mathura in Uttar Pradesh Sunday. He will be handed to the Delhi Police and brought back to the Capital. The breakthrough came after 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura as well as Mainpuri. A 25-year-old woman MNC employee was allegedly raped by the driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night when she was returning home from a dinner party.

Terror alert for Kolkata  its port; two Navy shipswithdrawnPrint
Amidst this warning, Navy warships - INS Khukri and INS Sumitra, which had docked at the port last evening, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:17 pm
Kolkata and its port area may face a terror attack, according to a warning issued by central intelligence agencies amid which the Navy has withdrawn its two warships that were docked at the port here.
A senior Kolkata police official said that inputs have been received from central security agencies that there might be a terror attack in Kolkata, especially in the port area.
“We have beefed up security in the port area and have put the entire city under security blanket,” he said.
Amidst this warning, Navy warships – INS Khukri and INS Sumitra – which had docked at the port last evening and was scheduled to be there till November 6 for public viewing as part of Naval Day celebration, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday.
Official sources in Delhi said the withdrawal was a precautionary measure.
However, when asked whether the withdrawal of the ships wa because of the terror alert, Defence CPRO Group Captain T K Singha said “no, it has nothing to do with any terror alert.The recall of ships is strictly due to operational reasons.”
A Defence press statement issued in Kolkata said “the alacrity by which Indian warships are ready for operation at a short notice was demonstrated by the quick turnaround of the two visiting warships amply showcasing Indian Navy’s prompt readiness as the two warships are set to sail out within hours of a recall to the sea for undisclosed ‘operational reasons’ on orders by Eastern Naval Command HQ, today.”

BJP not to project CM candidateNew Delhi, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 20:05 IST
Delhi Assembly elections
BJP not to project CM candidate
PTI
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said on Tuesday that the party will contest the Delhi assembly elections without naming a chief ministerial candidate. File photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
election
"The party has decided to contest the assembly elections under collective leadership," Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The Bharatiya Janata Party will contest the assembly polls in the national capital under “collective leadership” and will not project any chief ministerial candidate, Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay announced on Tuesday while exuding confidence of getting a clear majority in the election.
“The party has decided to contest assembly elections under collective leadership. We believe in collective leadership, but it doesn’t mean that party lacks good leaders. We will not declare any chief ministerial candidate,” he told reporters.
No dearth of 'good leaders'
Justifying the decision, Upadhyay said BJP emerged victorious in the assembly polls in Haryana and Maharashtra without declaring a chief ministerial candidate while insisting that there is no dearth of “good leaders” in the party.
The BJP had declared Harsh Vardhan as its chief ministerial candidate in the run-up to the Delhi assembly polls last year. The announcement had triggered internal bickering as the then Delhi unit chief, Vijay Goel, had chief ministerial ambition.
Sounding confident of emerging victorious, Upadhyay said the party will decide about the chief minister at the “appropriate time“.
“There is a democratic process within the party. The party high command and the MLAs will decide about the next Chief Minister after the elections. Now, there is no issue about the CM candidate,” he said.
The Centre on Tuesday recommended dissolution of the Delhi Assembly with immediate effect after the BJP, AAP and Congress expressed their inability to form a government.
“We are very confident of winning Delhi elections. We have won Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana and we will emerged victorious in Delhi also,” Upadhyay said.
Asked if he is in the race for the top post, he said, “This question is not pertinent now. We have decided to contest elections under collective leadership. That’s all.”
'Transparent and responsible govt'
Upadhyay said that BJP will “give transparent and responsible government” to the people of Delhi.
“As Narendra Modi ji has brought changes across the country, BJP will form government of people’s trust in the national capital,” he added.
Slamming Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal, the Delhi BJP chief claimed that Delhiites won’t give a chance to him again.
“Kejriwal ran away from his responsibilities after ruling Delhi for just 49 days. People of Delhi will not again trust him and they would choose BJP in the Delhi Assembly elections as they will give good governance,” he added.

Election today: Could GOP sweep spur stocksU.S. Capitol ( Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
 
Voters aren’t the only ones hanging on Tuesday’s midterm congressional vote. Wall Street is, too.  Investors are watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress.
Right now the balance of power in Congress is split, with the Democrats controlling the Senate and the GOP in charge of the House of Representatives. But the Republicans have a shot at consolidating power in both chambers of Congress. If the Republicans retake the Senate for the first time since 2006, Wall Street will get what has historically been the most bullish legislative composition in the post-war era: a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president, according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
“Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945,” Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
In the chart below, you will see that the S&P 500 has risen 15.1% on average since 1945 when Congress has been controlled by the same party with a Democratic president.
Stovall notes that there are three political scenarios:
1) Unified government, where the president and both houses of Congress are controlled by the same party.
2) Unified Congress, in which the president is of a different party than the unified Congress.
3) Split Congress, which we have now.
The good news: If the status quo remains in place, with the Democrats retaining power in the Senate, that has also been a bullish scenario for stocks in the post-World War II era. As you can see from the chart above, the S&P 500 has risen 13% per year, on average, when Congress has been split with a Democratic president in the White House.
 

Oil swoon continues; prices at 3-year lowsOil price swoon deepens; prices at 3-year lows
By: Adam Shell November 4, 2014 8:34 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 
(AP Photo/Gillette News Record, Daniel Brenner)
The selloff in the U.S. oil pits picked up steam in early trading Tuesday, with a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude dipping another 3% to a fresh three-year low.
A barrel of U.S. crude fell as low as $75.84 a barrel today, its lowest price since it closed at $75.40 on Oct. 4, 2011, according to data from the website of the U.S. Energy Information Administration. WTI is now deeply in bear market territory, having tumbled nearly 30% since its June high of nearly $108 per barrel, EIA data show.
Here’s a quick snapshot of oil’s deepening downtrend:
Oil prices are taking another hit today, and a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude is now at a 3-year-low. (Chart: Yahoo Finance)
Crude has come under severe pressure in recent weeks amid fears of slowing demand around the globe due to slowing growth in places like the eurozone and China. At the same time, supply-and-demand dynamics have also been undergoing a massive change amid the U.S. oil boom, driven by the fracking revolution at home which has resulted in a glut of oil around the globe.
Oil prices have taken a more serious dip the past two trading sessions following a decision by Saudi Arabia to cut prices of oil exported to the USA, which is believed to be driven by the Saudi’s attempt to put pressure on the U.S. fracking industry. It costs more per barrel to extract a barrel of crude in the USA than it does in the Middle East. Analysts say it costs U.S. frackers roughly $60 to extract a barrel of oil, which is about double the cost of Saudi oil.
“The oil move,” Bespoke Investment Group told clients in an early-morning research note, “is mostly driven by a Saudi announcement yesterday that their production would be discounted for American customers, sending WTI … plummeting into the close of trading yesterday and through the night.”
Shares of U.S. oil giants Exxon-Mobil ( XOM ) and Chevron ( CVX ) are trading lower again in pre-market trading. Exxon shares were off 91 cents, or .96%, to $94.35. Chevron is off $1.25, or 1.07%, to $115.53.
The Dow is also pointing lower in pre-market trading. Dow Jones industrial average futures are off 25 points before the opening bell.
“The Dow is set to follow black gold into the red, with crude futures slumping in the wake of a price shift from Saudi Arabia,” says Andrea Kramer at Schaeffer’s Investment Research.
 

September trade deficit $43.0 billionseptember trade deficit $43.0 billion
My addiction to online gaming almost ruined my lifeComments
By Michael Murphy November 4
In this Sept. 23, 2014 photo, Robert Morris University Illinois students practice playing the video game League of Legends with their collegiate teammates at their on-campus training facility in Chicago. The small private university is offering hefty scholarships for players of League of Legends, which has become one of the most popular games for organized team competitions nationwide. (AP Photo/M. Spencer Green)
Editor’s note: This guest essay by Michael Murphy is expanded from a post Michael published to Reddit on Oct. 29. “Murphy” is not his last name; we’re allowing Michael to use it because of the personal nature of this piece. Any opinions or observations in this essay are Michael’s, alone.
—
I needed help. My room was a mess. I was tired. My stomach would grumble throughout the day until I found time to eat, often only twice a day. I probably lost weight; scratch that, I certainly lost weight. I’m not sure. Do I care? I hadn’t called my best friend from high school in a while, but I wasn’t sure exactly how long it had been. He’d stopped calling me, knowing I wouldn’t pick up.
I never picked up anymore — or cleaned my room, or ate regular meals, or paid attention in class — because I was playing League of Legends for hours every day. And by the fall of my sophomore year at the University of Miami, the game had taken over my life. In fact, by early October, I was convinced that I was psychologically addicted to video-gaming, a controversial category of addiction that has only emerged as a subject of serious research in the past 15 years. In the United States, gaming addiction is not officially recognized as a mental disorder. But the American Psychiatric Association has suggested that might change — and in some countries, it has already.
When I first started gaming, of course, it wasn’t like that. I lived a predominantly normal life. In high school, I couldn’t have wished for a better home life or a better group of friends. I played soccer on the school team and basketball during winter break. I was on the debate team and in the Spanish club. When I graduated high school in 2013, I went to college to major in economics with the hope of attending law school one day.
I played video games, too, of course: Throughout my life, I’ve gone through phases of extreme introversion when I take a break from my normal lifestyle and become engrossed in a video game. Once it was Runescape, once it was FIFA Soccer. Most recently, it was League of Legends — or LoL, as the community calls it.
League of Legends is a computer game, free to download, that 27 million people play every day. The game is extremely fast-paced; teams of five players, who are systematically paired with each other before a match begins, compete in matches that range from 20 to 70 minutes each.
The game is extremely competitive — mastering it would take thousands of hours of play. (There are professional matches and paid teams; the past World Championships came with a prize of $10 million.) It’s also very social, perhaps to a degree that non-players wouldn’t expect. In fact, I Skyped on several occasions with friends I met through LoL.
The first person I ever Skyped with from LoL, Jared, told me he was 24 and hated his job. His girlfriend had moved out a few months prior. It was a mutual break-up: She distracted him from League of Legends, and she felt second to a videogame, which she was. That night, he told me, “Michael, quit this game. It’s awesome, but it can also take over your life.”
I laughed and took it as a joke, but I shouldn’t have. A week or two later I Skyped with another player who was joining the military to keep himself from playing and get his life headed in a better direction.
I didn’t realize it at the time, of course, but these gamers were experiencing possible symptoms of video game addiction — symptoms that I gradually began to experience, too. When I get into a gaming phase, the game controls my thought patterns, social interactions and sleep schedule. I’m not a casual gamer. Never did I play a single game of League of Legends and stop there.
I would spend hours behind my screen, so many that I bought eyedrops to keep my eyes from itching to the point where I couldn’t play. Half the floor was covered with dirty laundry. I’d grab a shirt off the floor before going to class, if I did end up leaving my apartment. My pantry held mostly microwavable food that I could make in the time I had to wait while I connected to the server and was matched with opponents. My room was full of reeking bowls of leftover Ramen Noodles, now crusted and inedible, and red Solo cups full of old SpaghettiOs.
As I fell asleep every night, I calculated the ratios of champions, thought about in-game combos and efficiency. I took my computer into the bathroom with me so that I could watch and study streams of professional League of Legends gamers while the shower water heated.
I realize this probably sounds a little extreme. But these behaviors have been documented in a lot of people. Among gaming addicts, physical symptoms — such as “fatigue, poor hygiene, and carpal tunnel syndrome” — are common. The psychological symptoms concerned me even more. Many gaming addictions experience intense “preoccupation” with their games, to the extent that, when they’re away from them, they become “distracted, irritable, or disinterested and may talk about the game almost constantly.” (When around people, even close friends, I would often withdraw from conversation — so much so that my friends would ask if I were “okay,” or if I was hungover.)
According to the CRC Health Group , a national network of addiction treatment programs, many gaming addicts also downplay the amount of time he or she spends gaming. (I used to tell my roommate that I needed to “study,” but then retreat into my room, and open up League of Legends.)
Some observers have even argued that these behavioral changes can have long-term social consequences: “An addicted teenager won’t develop effective social skills, which will hinder his ability to develop and maintain healthy relationships in college and beyond,” argued one student research project at the University of North Carolina. “Suddenly, he’s twenty-one but has the social skills of a fifteen-year-old. He doesn’t know how to make friends,talk to girls… [or] enjoy people’s company.”
I’m relieved that I never got to that point. On Oct. 18, after looking around my room and realizing how bad things had gotten, I decided to search “gaming addiction” on Google. I was so alarmed by what I saw that I promptly deleted League of Legends off my computer. In the two weeks since then, my life has already changed in inconceivable ways: My room is clean, my professors’ lectures are fascinating, I exercise, I swing by friends’ houses in between classes, I eat three healthy meals a day, I sleep through the night, my showers take half the time they used to because I don’t waste time finishing a stream even after the water has warmed.
I’m sure that most League of Legends players do not feel the way I do. But I still feel as though it’s my responsibility to post this. If I can help one other person change their life for the better, I’ll feel that this post was worth the rage I’m likely about to get.

Mallya says Perez set to stay at Force India with  HulkMallya says Perez set to stay at Force India with  Hulk
Singapore-based engineering group focuses on Indian smart citiesSingapore-based engineering group focuses on Indian smart cities
Rishab Special Yarns: Outcome of board meetingRishab Special Yarns: Outcome of board meeting
India to host South Africa women s cricket teamIndia to host South Africa women s cricket team
1 IAS  4 PCS officers issued charge sheet for Rs 3.65cr loss1 IAS  4 PCS officers issued charge sheet for Rs 3.65cr loss
Century Plyboards reports higher net profit and revenueCentury Plyboards reports higher net profit and revenue
The National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) lowers India GDP growth forecast for this year to 5%ITO metro station to be opened to commuters early next year
The National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) has lowered India’s GDP growth forecast to 5 per cent in the current financial year on weak economic fundamentals and uncertainties in growth prospects.
The economic think-tank in its earlier projection had suggested that the Indian economy was likely to grow at 5.7 per cent in 2014-15.
“NCAER is predicting a slower growth for the economy unlike other forecasts. The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevail. The only redeeming feature is the weakening of inflation and FDI inflows.
“Whether that will help us revive our growth prospects will depend on a number of factors including revival of the external economy and the extent of damage on agriculture due to deficit rainfall,” it said in a release today.
NCAER said that the overall economy is looking weak with uncertain growth prospects.
“The economy is giving mixed signals. On one hand, we had the Sensex reaching record levels partly driven by record foreign institutional investment and FDI.”
However, the business confidence index is showing rise in sentiments on the back of a stable political regime with the new government, it said.
Weakening of prices due to cheaper food and fuel inflation is also positive, but agricultural growth is predicted to be lower than last year as there was deficit rainfall with uneven spatial and temporal patterns.
“The pace of growth shows signs of slowing down in the services sector. Not surprisingly, bank credit to the commercial sector has not picked pace and continues to languish.
“Further, the slowdown in the external economy, except the United States, shows little growth prospects for the external sector even though exports grew in the first quarter,” it said.
Therefore, while inflation has weakened significantly and sentiments have improved, the fundamentals of the economy continue to be weak, said NCAER.
TAGS: GDP Growth India
More from economy

Middle Class Americans Feel Lower-Middle Classmiddle class americans feel lower-middle class
UN Climate Change panel calls for phasing out fossil fuelsNEW DELHI, November 2, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 23:42 IST
UN Climate Change panel calls for phasing out fossil fuels
Meena Menon
Tweet
AP In this file photo, steam and smoke rise from a coal-burning power plant in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. Climate change is happening, it’s almost entirely man’s fault and limiting its impacts may require reducing greenhouse gas emissions to zero this century, the U.N.’s panel on climate science said on Sunday.
TOPICS
climate change (politics)
Emissions may need to drop to zero by the end of this century for the world to have a decent chance of keeping the temperature rise below a level that many consider dangerous.
Chairperson of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) R. K. Pachauri on Sunday launching the Panel’s Synthesis Report in Copenhagen, said, “There is no room for complacency.” He suggested that India’s National action plan on climate change needs to be revisited in the light of this report. If the rise in global temperatures has to be kept under 2 degrees Celsius, fossil fuels would have to be phased out by the end of this century, he added.
“The Report tells us that we need to tackle climate change with a combination of adaptation and mitigation,” he said.
Navroz K Dubash, one of the lead authors of the Synthesis Report, said, “The IPCC Synthesis Report suggests a way of thinking about climate change that is deeply relevant to India. There is a complex two way relationship between sustainable development and climate change: climate policies should support, not undermine sustainable development; but limiting the effects of climate change is necessary to achieve sustainable development. This suggests India has to increasingly internalize climate considerations into development planning.”
Dr Purnamita Dasgupta, coordinating lead author of the IPCC’s working group report two, said that there are observed impacts of climate change, for example in India there is decline in agricultural productivity. There is scientific consensus that warming is unprecedented and it will have irreversible impacts on lives across the globe.
Michel Jarraud, Secretary-General of the World Meteorological Organization, which co-sponsors the IPCC along with the UN Environment Programme said in a statement, “Urgent action is needed to cut global greenhouse gas emissions. The longer we wait, the more expensive and difficult it will be to adapt – to the point where some impacts will be irreversible and impossible to cope with,” he added.

Maruti launches new Alto K10 with automatic gearboxEYE BROWSE
Maruti launches new Alto K10 with automatic transmission
Maruti has launched the new Alto K10 with considerable mechanical and cosmetic upgrades. Sporting new youthful looks, the next generation Alto K10 delivers an outstanding fuel efficiency of 24.07 kilometres per litre, an improvement of 15 per cent over the outgoing model.
The popular Auto Gear Shift technology, which offers the convenience of automatic transmission without compromising on fuel efficiency, is being introduced in the new Alto K10
The next generation Manual Transmission on the new Alto K10 offers improved gearshift performance by use of detent pin technology (DPT) and diagonal shift assist (DSA). Gear ratios have been optimized for better drive and fuel efficiency. The Auto Gear Shift transmission facilitates comfortable driving in stop-go traffic conditions in cities.
Prices start from INR 306,000 for the LX variant to INR 380,187 for the VXi Auto Gear Shift
Gallery View:Maruti launches new Alto K10 with automatic transmission

Watch a Navy SEAL and his dog rappel into an NFL gameBy Dan Lamothe November 3 Follow @danlamothe
The last few days has brought a lot of serious news about Navy SEALs, as the military continues to investigate whether classified information  was released about the 2011 raid that killed al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. SEALs were also warned Friday about the perils of book publishing and publicity , and told not to be “selfish” by sharing military secrets.
Yesterday brought a moment of levity, however. Just before the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals squared off at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, a Navy SEAL and his dog descended from the heavens onto the football field, rappelling from the monstrous scoreboard hanging over the field.
The scene has become an Internet sensation. Tweets from the NFL on it have been shared widely, with some speculating the dog loved the adventure and some sure that he hated it. On Facebook, it has gotten more than 66,000 “likes” and 8,600 shares in 24 hours.
A member of the U.S. Navy Seals descends from the scoreboard with his dog prior to #AZvsDAL . pic.twitter.com/C3sPZ7b5ZE

U. of I. details new proposed medical schoolU. of I. details new proposed medical school
U. of I. details new proposed medical school
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Marikah Davin, 25, left, listens with other first-year medical students in the class Essentials of Clinical Medicine in September at the University of Illinois College of Medicine in Chicago.
Marikah Davin, 25, left, listens with other first-year medical students in the class Essentials of Clinical Medicine in September at the University of Illinois College of Medicine in Chicago. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Colleges and Universities Scientific Research Educators Bioinspired Engineering University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Finance University of Illinois at Chicago
The proposal for a new U. of I. medical school awaits consideration by the board of trustees.
The new U. of I. medical school would focus on engineering and technology, drawing on the school's strengths.
A new medical school at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign would rely on an initial investment of more than $235 million from donors and a partnering health system, according to details released Monday.
Campus officials have been laying the groundwork for establishing a new and independent college of medicine, an idea that has been met with opposition from counterparts at the U. of I.'s sister campus in Chicago, home of the university system's medical education.
  Open link
Urbana-Champaign campus Chancellor Phyllis Wise, who has been pushing for the new medical school, for the first time Monday provided a picture of the college's projected budget and business plan, including information about expected startup costs, tuition figures and faculty hiring needs. She said the school would not require new state funding.
"We are certain that our vision is feasible, that our goals are achievable," Wise told a U. of I. board committee ahead of the full board of trustees meeting next week. "What we have is a detailed plan that demonstrates financial stability of this college."

Gold struggles near 4-year low as dollars strength weighsGold struggles near 4-year low as dollar’s strength weighs
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 4:  
Gold continued to suffer near a four-year low on Tuesday as the safe-haven asset got no reprieve from the strength in the dollar and the US economy, while a lack of robust physical buying and weak technicals underscored expectations of further declines.
Bullion broke below a key technical level of around $1,180 an ounce on Friday after the Bank of Japan expanded its stimulus programme in a surprise move, lending strength to the dollar.
The break prompted a further sell-off that took gold all the way to $1,161.25 — the metal’s lowest since July 2010.
“While the metal closes below this level ($1,182), the technical risk grows for a liquidation move below $1,155,’’ ScotiaMocatta analysts said in a note.
“Only a close back above $1,200 would shift our view from bearish to neutral.’’
Spot gold, silver
Spot gold firmed up at $1,167.84 an ounce by 0340 GMT. The metal climbed to as high as $1,173.70 on Monday but failed to hold the gains on strong US data.
Silver recovered slightly from a four-year low of $15.72 hit on Monday though it continued to stay under pressure along with platinum and palladium. The key pressure point for precious metals is the dollar, which hovered at four-year highs on Tuesday against a basket of major currencies.
Long dollar trades
Traders said long dollar trades were a no-brainer in the current environment where the Bank of Japan and European Central Bank are keeping the stimulus tap running, while the Federal Reserve has just turned off its massive bond-buying programme.
Data on Monday showed US manufacturing activity unexpectedly accelerated in October and automobile sales were strong, in a sign that the Fed could raise rates sooner than later.
Physical buying
Even with gold prices dropping to near 4-year lows, buyers across Asia have failed to show enthusiasm for the cheaper prices, preferring instead to wait on the sidelines.
When gold prices are in a slump, Chinese buyers in particular, eyeing a bargain, traditionally move in and stop the rot. But that does not seem to be happening this time around. In the biggest consumer of gold, local premiums — an indicator of demand — failed to pick up any big way.
Prices on the Shanghai Gold Exchange had fallen to a discount to the global price on Monday but recovered to a premium of $1-$2 an ounce on Tuesday. But they are still far short of the $50-plus premiums seen last year.
Elsewhere, SPDR Gold Shares — the top gold exchange-traded fund, saw a very small inflow of 0.01 tonne on Monday - its first uptick since October 16. Holdings are still firmly near six-year lows.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)

Super typhoon Nuri suppresses build-up in Bay of Bengal‘Low’ forms in Bay but cyclone threat for coast may be fading
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 4:  
A low-pressure has materialised over south-east Bay of Bengal, but weather models suspect if it would be able to go the distance and spin up as a tropical cyclone.
By mid-day on Tuesday, super typhoon Nuri in the west Pacific peaked over and had wound down to a typhoon by mid-day in signs it was ceding space for the Bay to do its act.
Not too sure
The area of genesis of the ‘low’ in the Bay is the same as where very severe cyclone Hudhud had taken birth. But the comparison ends there, according to projections by global models.
On Tuesday, India Met Department put the ‘low’ under watch for intensification as a depression over the next two days but peer models are not sure if it can evolve any further. They cite a host of adverse factors impeding its development – the projected track, proximity to land, and back-to-back movement of opposing western disturbances.
Far off location
First of all, erstwhile super typhoon Nuri had delayed the formation of the ‘low’ by at least three days. It sent dynamics of the Bay into disarray, forcing the ‘low’ to show up at much farther a place than anticipated.
Secondly, the projected track towards the Myanmar coast denies it the luxury of the elbow room to grow, despite sea-surface temperatures being just ideal.
Thirdly, the vertical wind shear (the sudden change in wind direction and speed with height) is already high over northeast Bay where the ‘low’ seems initially headed. The wind shear is projected to grow over the region, and threatens to interfere with the building of the storm tower.
Opposing westerlies
Fourthly, there is a raft of incoming western disturbances which blow in from the opposite direction and which could decelerate the ‘low’/depression, even stop it on its track.
By all indications, the threat of a full-blown cyclone hovering over the east coast of India may have thus evaporated.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts sees a likely depression now headed towards north Andhra Pradesh-south Odisha coasts.
Projections by India Met tend to take the system towards the Chennai coast and neighbourhood later during the week.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Norms needed for banks against investing in green hazardsNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 14:23 IST
‘Norms needed for banks against investing in green hazards’
Pheroze L. Vincent
Balakrishna Pisupati Photo: R Ragu
TOPICS
environmental issues
Former National Biodiversity Authority (NBA) Chairman Balakrishna Pisupati has called for environmental norms for Indian financial institutions on lines of the Equator Principles and the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP-FI).
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Pisupati said, “In 2012 the NBA organised a meeting of heads of all Indian banks in Mumbai to frame a set of guidelines against investing in environmentally hazardous projects. We sent our report to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the same year but no progress has taken place since.”
Mr. Pisupati resigned from the NBA in January this year, more than six months before his three-year term was to end. This union government had advertised for his vacancy in October, 2013 itself, which indicated displeasure against him. In 2012, it was the NBA under Mr. Pisupati which filed a case against the developers of genetically modified brinjal for allegedly proceeding without the government approval.
He explained that the RBI's sustainability guidelines which promote climate neutral or climate smart projects, but there are no guidelines on investments in projects that affect bio diversity and eco systems.
The UNEP-FI, which is in force since 2005 has more than 200 members and the Equator Principles have been signed by 80 financial institutions in 34 countries. From India, only Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services and Yes Bank are members of the UNEP-FI and only IDFC Limited has signed the Equator principles.
“A company cannot be prosecuted in India for violating these global norms. In the absence of RBI guidelines in this regard, banks do not have criteria on whom to lend to. We have a situation where the government is striving to protect the environment while our financial institutions are funding projects that are endangering nature,” said Mr. Pisupati who is currently a Research Fellow with the Fridtjof Nansen Institute.
In line with global standards, several firms including the Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays, HSBC, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase have declared that they would not finance the Abbot Point deep water coal port in Australia. India's Adani Group operates the port.

Maruti to invest Rs 4k cr in key areas in 2-3 yrsMaruti to invest Rs 4,000 crore in key areas in 2-3 years
PTI     Hyderabad   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 08:28 IST
Maruti Alto K10
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
ALSO READ: Maruti launches new Alto K10 at Rs 3.06 lakh
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS," he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.
Further, the country's largest car maker also plans to export its next generation small car Alto K10 to Africa, Latin America and the Middle East.
"We intend to export the Alto K10 to Africa, Middle East and Latin America", Amitava Roy, Vice President (Parts), told reporters soon after launching the model in Kerala.
Maruti sold 11 lakh cars in the country last year and was expecting a 10 per cent growth this year, he said.
This is the first time in the country that at the entry level a car has been fitted with automatic gear shift. Pointing out that Kerala was definitely a market for small cars, he said that 3,000 of the total of 9,000 cars sold monthly in the state are Alto.
Sporting a new youthful look, the Alto K10 claims to deliver a fuel efficiency of 24.07 km per litre, a 15 per cent improvement over the previous model.
The petrol variant is priced between Rs 3.22 lakh and Rs 3.73 lakh (ex-showroom Kochi), while the Auto Gear Shift model is priced at Rs 3.97 lakh. The CNG model will cost Rs 3.99 lakh.

NCAER lowers India GDP growth forecast to 5%economic organization
“The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevail. The only redeeming feature is the weakening of inflation and FDI inflows”
In its mid-year review of the economy, the National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) has lowered its 2014-15 growth forecast for India to 5 per cent. In July, the think-tank had put out a growth forecast of 5.7 per cent. The projection of a slowdown is despite the 5.7 per-cent growth in the first quarter of the current year (April-September) after two successive years of sub-5 per cent growth.
The NCAER’s projection of slower growth during the rest of the year is in line with the Reserve Bank’s forecast.
“The NCAER is predicting a slower growth for the economy unlike other forecasts. The fundamentals of the economy remain weak with uncertainties prevailing.” the think-tank said in its mid-year review.
It said that though the weakening of inflation and the foreign direct investment inflows to be redeeming features, whether they will help it revive the growth prospects will depend on factors such as the extent of damage on agriculture due to deficit rainfall. Another cause for concern, according to the NCAER, is that after recording a strong performance of double-digit growth in May and June, export growth slowed down in subsequent months with a growth rate of just 2.73 per cent in September.
The 2014-15 farm sector growth projected at 2 per cent on account of the uneven distribution and the 17-per cent deficiency in rainfall has pulled down the mid-year gross domestic product (GDP) projection. Last year, the sector had grown 4.7 per cent.
Industry is projected to grow at 2.3 per cent. Official figures had put last year’s growth at 0.4 per cent. Services, which account for more than half of the GDP, are projected to grow at just under 7 per cent, marginally faster than in the previous year. “Manufacturing proved the biggest disappointment,” the review said. The manufacturing sector growth rate contracted by (-) 1 per cent in July and (-) 1.4 per cent in August, respectively.
The NCAER has also projected the Centre’s fiscal deficit at 4.3 per cent of GDP against the budget target of 4.1 per cent.

How to make  Make in India  a realityHow to make  Make in India  a reality
Centre forced to take decision on Assembly dissolution: KejriwalCentre forced to take decision on Assembly dissolution: Kejriwal
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
On a day Union Cabinet recommended dissolution of Delhi Assembly, AAP Chief Arvind Kejriwal said the Centre was forced to take the decision as BJP’s attempts to “poach” AAP MLAs did not succeed and exuded confidence of winning at least 45 seats in the polls to the 70-member House.
The former Delhi Chief Minister accused BJP of trying to form a government by “hook or crook”, and thanked Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) legislators for “foiling” efforts by that party to take the reins of Delhi through “unfair means“.
“BJP was trying to form government through dishonesty. Four attempts by them to form government had been foiled.
Finally following court’s intervention, they were forced to recommend dissolution of the Delhi Assembly,” Kejriwal told reporters.
The AAP Chief also referred to a video released in September by his party in which Delhi BJP Vice President Sher Singh Dagar purportedly offered Rs 4 crore to an AAP MLA. BJP had issued a show cause notice to Dagar.
“This is probably for the first time in history of India that dishonest efforts to influence even a single MLA did not succeed. It proved that everybody is not for sale. There is still honesty,” he said, adding, “I congratulate all party MLAs for foiling BJP’s attempt.”
Kejriwal, who led a 49-day government after the Assembly polls in December last year, said the NDA government has failed to check price rise and that law and order situation in Delhi was deteriorating “fast”.
“We are confident of winning in at least 45 seats. We are confident that people of Delhi will bless us,” he said. AAP had won in 28 seats in the last Assembly polls but drew a blank in the Lok Sabha elections here.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

iPhone statue binned after Apple CEO comes outRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
A two-metre statue of an iPhone on a university campus in St Petersburg has been taken down in response to last week’s announcement by the CEO of Apple that he is gay.
In a statement, ZEFS, which according to its website owns construction, advertising, and finance enterprises in St. Petersburg, describes Tim Cook’s revelation “a public call to sodomy.”
ZEFS said today it was taking down the statue because it violated Russia’s controversial law protecting minors from homosexual propaganda.
The law has been condemned by critics as a means of repressing sexual minorities in the country.
Apple declined to comment on the removal of the statue, which featured former CEO Steve Jobs.
TAGS: Apple Inc Apple IPhone Statute Tim Cook Tim Cook Gay
More from miscellaneous

Tesla charges up earnings seasonTesla charges up earnings season
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Make sure your Xbox controller and Tesla are charged up. You’re going to need both this week.
It’s the latest mega week for earnings reports and expect some big ones. Roughly a quarter of S&P 500 companies still need to report earnings.
Tuesday, the games kick off. Video game publisher Activision Blizzard (ATVI) reports. During the quarter, the company released Destiny, a sci-fi action shooter by the makers of top title, Halo. Analysts expect the company’s profit to jump 160%.
Get revved up for Wednesday. Electric car maker Tesla (TSLA) reports. The company recently announced an enhanced Model S that’s faster off the block. Investors hope for momentum too, just not this quarter. Analysts see the company breaking even, after posting an adjusted gain of 12 cents a share a year ago. Low expectations might mean a target that’s easy to blow by, the bulls say.
And Thursday is the Happiest Day of earnings season. Disney (DIS) reports. The Disney parks continue to be a bright spot for the company as big investments in past years are paying off – big time. Profit is seen jumping 14%. And this company has beaten expectations for at least the five past quarters. Maybe Mickey has another surprise waiting?
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

JPMorgan Reveals Criminal InvestigationThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Pace of US Home Price Growth Slows in SeptemberThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Security beefed up at Kolkata port following threat perceptionSecurity beefed up at Kolkata port following threat perception
Our Bureau
Kolkata, Nov 4:  
 
Security at the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) was intensified following an intelligence report over a possible “threat” to its various installations. Patrolling along the coast is also said to have been beefed-up.
According to sources in the city police, a central intelligence report was received by the port and other security agencies on Monday night.
The report referred to “an uncorroborated input” that “indicates” the threat of Pakistani terrorists “carry(ing) out an attack” on the “Kolkata Port in West Bengal”.
The report further mentions that these terrorists might take the help of “some navy elements” of a neighbouring country. 
Following the receipt of the report, security agencies are said to have met and chalked-out arrangements.
The KoPT is the country’s only riverine port and was set up in 1870 as the country’s first major port. The Kolkata Port Trust has two systems — the Kolkata Dock System and the Haldia Dock Complex.
Most port officials declined to comment on the matter; while the KoPT Chairman, RPS Kahlon could not be reached for a comment.
When contacted, Rajeev Mishra, Joint Commissioner (HQ), Kolkata Police, declined to comment. “I am not in a position to comment,” he said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Repo rate to stay unchanged this fiscal: ICRAICRA says repo rate to stay unchanged this fiscal
Beena Parmar
Expects RBI to stick to fighting inflation
Mumbai, Nov. 04:  
Like many experts, ratings agency ICRA also expects RBI to stick to a firm anti-inflationary stance over the remainder of FY15 with no likelihood of a repo rate cut by March end, 2015.
“CPI inflation in January 2015 to be well below the target of 8.0% as per the glide path announced by the Central Bank, despite the waning of the favourable base effect post November 2014. Nevertheless, ICRA expects the RBI to stick to a firm anti-inflationary stance over the remainder of FY15, to rein in expectations and impart credibility to its inflation targets,” ICRA said in a statement.
“ICRA’s baseline expectation factors in the commencement of a rate easing cycle in Q1FY16, with Repo rate cuts of upto 50 bps,” it added.
ICRA has revised its forecast for credit growth during FY15 to 13.5-14.5% from the previous estimate of 14.0-15.0%, while maintaining its estimate for deposit growth at 12.75-13.50%.
The pace of growth of systemic deposits rose to 13.1% y-o-y as on October 3, 2014 from 12.4% y-o-y as on June 27, 2014, while that of non-food credit offtake slowed to 11.2% from 13.5%, respectively.
“Credit growth is expected to recover moderately by Q4FY15 as large ticket corporate loans pick up with an improvement in economic growth conditions. However, following the decline in commodity prices, the working capital requirements of firms in various sectors would be lower. In particular, the deregulation of diesel prices would lead to lower under-recoveries for OMCs, reducing their working capital needs. Based on such factors, ICRA has revised its forecast for credit growth during FY15 to 13.5-14.5%,” ICRA added.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Pak using proxies to counter Indian army: USRape accused Uber cab driver nabbed in Mathura
In a blunt assessment of terrorist safe havens in Pakistan, the Pentagon has told the US Congress that the country is using militant groups as proxies to counter the superior Indian military.
“Afghan-and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability. Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India’s superior military,” the Pentagon told the Congress in its latest six-monthly report on the current situation in Afghanistan.
“These relationships run counter to Pakistan’s public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as the primary irritant in Afghan-Pakistan bilateral relations,” the Pentagon said in the report running into more than 100 pages.
Referring to the attack on the Indian Consulate in Herat, the Pentagon said this was done just ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of India.
“In May of this reporting period, the Indian consulate in Herat Province was attacked by a group of four heavily armed militants. The attack came three days prior to the swearing-in of the new Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack,” it said.
“In June, the US Department of State announced that the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba was responsible for the attack.
Following the attack, former Afghan President Karzai denounced the attack and made strong statements supporting relations with India,” the report said.
The Pentagon informed the Congress that India continues to support Afghanistan, believing a secure and stable Afghanistan will benefit the region and facilitate economic corridors into Central Asia.
“India and Afghanistan signed a strategic partnership declaration in 2011, which formalised cooperation on governance, economics, commerce, education, public administration, and security and law enforcement,” it said.
TAGS: Pakistan Pentagon US Congress
More from miscellaneous

Hero MotoCorp celebrates 1 million two-wheeler sales in 37daysHero MotoCorp is celebrating the sales of their 1 million units in the 37 days, by offering various deals and offers.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:13 pm
The festive season in the month of October worked wonders for Hero MotoCorp, as the company has crossed the milestone of selling 1 million units in 37 days between 25th September to 31st October. The positivity in the company’s performance comes out as a relieving news, for the general turndown the automotive industry in whole has gone through this festive season. The credits for the brilliant performance by the company majorly goes to the slew of new launches and refreshes to the existing products, which Hero accomplished in the recent days.
Keeping the enthusiasm developed during the festive season alive, Hero MotoCorp is celebrating the sales of their 1 million units in the 37 days, by offering various deals and offers. The company is offering ‘Hero Goodlife membership’, 5 per cent discount on spare parts, 50 per cent discount on labor costs and complimentary wash coupons for all the bikes which have been purchased in the duration between 25th September to 10th November.
Under the ‘Goodlife program’, customers will be benefited with accidental death insurance worth 1 lakh, discount on spares and accessories, bonus points for servicing, getting pollution under control certificates etc. which can be used in later transactions, etc. The offer will last from 3rd November to 10th November, 2014.
Though taking the year-on-year performance into account, the sales figures of Hero MotoCorp in the month of October 2014 were lower than that of the same month in previous year. Hero MotoCorp managed to sell 5.75 lakh units as compared to the 6.75 lakh odd units sold in October 2013, resulting in a decline of 8 per cent.

CDR book to surge by up to Rs 1 tn by Mar: R...Banking system
(Currently, the total bad…)
MUMBAI: India's banking system is likely to witness a surge in restructured assets by a whopping Rs 60,000-1,00,000 crore over the next five months, according to India Ratings.
Currently, the total bad loans and restructured assets stand at about Rs 6 trillion. Of this around 45 per cent, or Rs 2.55 trillion, is NPAs and the remaining 65 per cent, or Rs 3.45 trillion, is restructured loans.
"We expect the restructured assets in the banking system to shoot up by another Rs 60,000 crore to Rs 1 trillion over the next five months," India Ratings Senior Finance Director Deep N Mukherjee said in a report today.
The domestic rating agency has analysed the credit metrics of the top 500 corporate borrowers, with aggregate debt of Rs 28,76,000 crore, which is 73 per cent of the total bank lending to the industry, services and export sectors.
The report said around 82 of these 500 borrowers have already been formally tagged as financially distressed or identified as non-performing assets (NPAs), or their loans have already been restructured.
Another 83, that is 17 per cent of these top borrowers, accounted for 9 per cent of the overall debt (which is Rs 28.76 trillion) and they have severely stretched credit metrics.
Within these 83 corporates, operating profitability barely covers the interest required to be serviced in most cases, and there is also the absence of any strong parent, the report said.
These corporates with severely weak credit metrics have limited expectation of an immediate improvement in profitability.
India Ratings further said potentially one-third to half of these 83 accounts could be in the category of SMA-2 (special mention accounts) with delays in debt servicing ranging between 61-90 days.
"If some of these corporates are unable to generate significant cash flow or infuse significant equity in the near-term, they may be identified by their lenders for restructuring pursuant to RBI guidelines," the report said.
Some of these corporates could also even deteriorate further to be tagged as NPA, the agency said.
The RBI, since May last year, has provided several directives and guidelines to banks with the purpose to gradually withdraw prevalent regulatory forbearance and simultaneously boost their risk management practices by early identification of stressed corporate accounts.
The calibrated withdrawal of regulatory forbearance will pick up speed from April 1, 2015 and it will require banks to keep higher provisions on restructured accounts, besides entailing a suitably stringent classification of restructured accounts as sub-standard assets.
"The gradual withdrawal of regulatory forbearance could persuade banks to take a decisive call on the weak corporates that need to be restructured," the report said.
"Thus, there is sufficient economic motivation for banks to undertake the Rs 60,000-1,00,000 crore 'big bath', where accounts whose performance may deteriorate could be addressed at one go, enabling banks to start FY16 on a relatively clean slate," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Auto industry body defends record after fail...India auto industry body defends domestic manufacturers' safety record after failed test
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.55PM IST
Tweet
Maruti Suzuki and Nissan have said they meet the country's current safety standards and will keep up with required changes.
NEW DELHI: India's auto industry body defended domestic manufacturers' safety record on Tuesday, after an international safety watchdog said cars made by Maruti Suzuki and Nissan Motor had failed an independent crash test.
The latest clash between India's carmakers and Global New Car Assessment Programme (NCAP) - a consumer safety testing body - comes at a time when the country is preparing to overhaul its car safety rules to reduce road accidents.
Watchdog NCAP said this week that Maruti's hatchback Swift and Nissan's compact car Datsun Go showed a high risk of life-threatening injuries to occupants when crashed headlong into a stationary object at 64kmph. NCAP had already rattled the industry by failing five Indian-made cars in January.
Maruti Suzuki and Nissan have said they meet the country's current safety standards and will keep up with required changes.
"It is just scaremongering," said Vishnu Mathur, director general, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers.
"Global NCAP can do what they want. We have our own safety road map that we are going to follow and are already following."
Mathur said the UK-based agency had not considered that average speeds in India are lower than in the developed world, due to poor road conditions and heavy traffic.
India has one of the world's worst road safety records - the result of untrained drivers, inadequate law enforcement, badly maintained roads and unsafe cars. Domestically produced cars are frequently made without air bags or three-point seatbelts to secure children's car seats, as consumers tend to be unwilling to pay up for safety features.
About 1.2 million Indians died in car accidents over the past decade, on average one every four minutes, while 5.5 million were seriously injured.
To reduce traffic fatalities on roads, India's new government, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is planning to overhaul highway laws - its most ambitious effort since independence in 1947.
Part of the government's overhaul is the Bharat New Vehicle Safety Assessment Programme, a ranking system that will include crash tests among other factors before giving cars star ratings.
With crash tests expected to become mandatory in India in a few years, it will force car makers to either add air bags in existing models, making them more expensive, or pull cars off the road, said Mathur.
In its report, Global NCAP rated the car structure of the Swift and Datsun Go as 'unstable' saying the latter collapsed when the car was crashed from the front at a speed of 64kmph, the speed at which most fatalities occur.
Global NCAP had published car test results for five other best-selling cars in India in January, including models by Maruti, Tata Motors, Hyundai Motor Co, Ford Motor Co and Volkswagen AG.

http://usat.ly/1vE5r4pFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Burger King shares rise on new sales growth
Shares of Burger King Worldwide fell in pre-market trading Tuesday after the fast food chain reported third-quarter U.S. and Canada sales growth that topped Wall Street expectations but also disclosed a drop in net income.
Post to Facebook
Burger King shares rise on new sales growth Shares of Burger King Worldwide fell in pre-market trading Tuesday after the fast food chain reported third-quarter U.S. and Canada sales growth that topped Wall Street expectations but also disclosed a drop in net income. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnojmr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Burger King shares rise on new sales growth
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 9:52 a.m. EST November 4, 2014
File photo taken in 2012 shows an offering of burger and fries at a Burger King fast-food eater in Richardson, Texas.
(Photo: LM Otero, AP)
13 CONNECT 47 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of Burger King Worldwide ( BKW ) rose in Tuesday trading Tuesday after the fast food chain reported third-quarter U.S. and Canada sales growth that topped Wall Street expectations but also disclosed an income drop.
Burger King shares were up nearly 1.4% at $32.75 in morning trading, reversing course from a pre-market drop.
The Miami-based company, buying Canada doughnut and coffee chain Tim Hortons in an $11 billion deal expected to create the world's third-largest fast food giant, said same-store North America sales rose 3.6%, the best showing in two years.
The result surpassed the 2.5% growth forecast by financial analysts.
Burger King credited the sales increase in part to the reintroduction of Chicken Fries during the July-September quarter, along with continued popularity of the BBQ Bacon Whopper sandwich and the introduction of the A1 Ultimate Bacon Cheeseburger.
The company reported global same-store sales also rose 2.4%. That topped the 2.1% forecast by Wall Street.
Adjusted third-quarter earnings per share were 27 cents, matching the consensus projection of analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial Network.
Nonetheless, Burger King reported a quarterly net income loss of $23.5 million, or 7 cents per share, during the quarter. That compared with a $68.2 million profit, or 19 cents per share, during the same period of 2013.
Operating costs and expenses totaled $278 million for the quarter, up from $129.6 million from last year year. The decline was driven in part by expenses related to the Tim Hortons transaction.
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions'
The planned acquisition represents a so-called tax inversion, a transaction in which a U.S. firm reincorporates in a lower-tax nation in a bid to reduce its future federal taxes. A wave of corporate tax inversion plans this year prompted recent Department of the Treasury rules designed to make the transactions less profitable and more difficult to execute.
However, Burger King CEO Daniel Schwartz focused on financial positives of the Tim Hortons deal, saying in a statement issued with the earnings report that the transaction would create "a new global leader in the quick service restaurant industry."
"We built on our positive momentum in the third quarter as we delivered some of our strongest sales levels in recent years and continued growing our global footprint," said Schwartz.
13 CONNECT 47 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnojmr
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/10hHBCzSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Robust economic growth has helped push the U.S. budget deficit down to the lowest level since 2008, marking the sharpest turnaround in the government’s fiscal position in at least 46 years.
Growth in the European Union, however, is expected to slow, thanks to tensions in the Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as lack of investment.
(Valerio Pennicino, Getty Images for Maserati)
Three things quantitative easing did not do . Hint: One is “cause inflation.”
Saudi Arabia cuts prices, possibly undermining U.S. energy producers . If you’re in Spring, Texas, stop by the Phillips 66 station at the corner of Kuykendahl Road & London Way Drive, where regular unleaded is $2.25 a gallon.
Risqué business:   Sex, drugs and investment banking .
Would a Maserati cheer you up? Of course it would! And apparently, lots of people needed cheering in October: Maserati sales soared 97% from a year prior.
Herbalife missed its own third-quarter earnings forecast . Nearly half the company’s outstanding shares are being used in short positions – bets that the stock will fall.
Tales of digital currencies past: Cautionary lessons from Dotcom Bubble V.1 .
Surprising Election Day news from around the nation: Plastic bag makers want California voters to overturn a ban on plastic bags .
Can’t find your polling place? Google “ Where do I vote”. Now go out and vote.
 
 

http://usat.ly/1tWFIr3September trade deficit widens to $43 billion
September's higher trade deficit of $43.0 billion was the highest since May.
Post to Facebook
September trade deficit widens to $43 billion September's higher trade deficit of $43.0 billion was the highest since May. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tWFIr3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
September trade deficit widens to $43 billion
Doug Carroll, USA TODAY 4:27 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
A ship-to-shore crane unloads a shipping container at the Georgia Ports Authority Garden City terminal in Savannah, Ga., on Jan. 27.
(Photo: Stephen B. Morton, AP)
17 CONNECT 65 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The U.S. trade deficit rose in September to its highest level since May as exports fell, underscoring recent concerns about a weaker global economy.
The deficit widened to $43 billion in September, up from a revised $40 billion in August, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday.
Economists had forecast a trade deficit of $40 billion for September, which would have been a slight decline from the government's original August trade estimate.
The monthly trade gap was last below $40 billion in January.
Exports of goods and services fell by $3 billion, a 1.5% drop, from August to $195.6 billion while imports were up $0.1 billion to $238.6 billion.
That suggests the U.S. economy in the third quarter grew less than the 3.5% annual rate the government estimated last week and its revised estimate incorporating September trade data will go down, economists say. Higher exports add to U.S. economic growth while rising imports subtract from it.
Action Economics reduced its third-quarter forecast to 3.2% growth but stuck with its fourth-quarter estimate of 2.5% growth in gross domestic product.
Based on Tuesday's report, trade likely contributed 0.8 percentage points to third-quarter economic growth instead of the 1.3 points the government estimated, said Citigroup economists Peter D'Antonio and Malcolm Spittler in a research note.
"Renewed global economic weakness is likely to diminish the strength in exports beyond any September correction," they said, predicting that trade will subtract slightly from growth in the coming year.
Compared with September 2013, exports for September were up 2.8% while imports were 2.6% higher.
The U.S. trade deficit with China reached its highest level on record in September at $35.6 billion as imports from that country also set a record of $44.9 billion. U.S. manufacturers have criticized China for its trade practices, accusing it of manipulating its currency to make its exported goods cheaper and American-made goods more expensive when sold in China.
Other highlights of Tuesday's report on September trade:
• Imports of consumer goods were the highest on record at $47.7 billion.
• Petroleum imports were the lowest since November 2009 at $26.4 billion.
• September non-petroleum imports were the highest on record — $170.2 billion.
17 CONNECT 65 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tWFIr3
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

10-year-old Virginia boy donates a 14 000-year-old arrowhead to the SmithsonianBy Rachel Feltman November 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
Noah presents his find. (Donald E. Hurlbert, Smithsonian Institution)
Thanks to a local kid, researchers at the Smithsonian Institution -- and around the world -- will get to study an arrow point left behind by North America's earliest inhabitants.
The inner vaults of the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History (NMNH) are packed to the brim with rare artifacts and fossils, many of them donated. But it's not every day that a unique specimen is gifted to the museum by a 10-year-old boy.
Fairfax County resident Noah Cordle made national news in August when he stumbled upon a rare archaeological find while boogie boarding in Long Island Beach, N.J. On Monday, Noah handed the artifact over to Dennis Stanford , an NMNH researcher who specializes in these so-called Clovis points.
The Clovis point found on the Jersey Shore. (Donald E. Hurlbert, Smithsonian Institution)
This isn't just any old arrowhead: Clovis points , which were chipped from fine, brittle stone like obsidian and jasper, had grooves called flutes to help them fit into spear shafts.
"Clovis artifacts are among the oldest in the new world, and many people think they were made for the first time in the new world," Stanford said after accepting the arrowhead on Monday. He estimated that the new specimen was between 13,500 and 14,000 years old, and pointed out that it was NMNH's first Clovis point from New Jersey.
Noah seemed delighted to learn about the projectile's original uses, frequently exclaiming that the Paleoindian artifacts in the collection were "so cool."
NMNH has a collection of Clovis points found around the United States, and most researchers who visit the collection hope to compare them to each other. "There are actually very few differences between them regionally, which is very interesting," Stanford said. Adding the first specimen for New Jersey will help them to complete their spotted map of Clovis points.
Noah and his parents look at other Clovis points with researcher Dennis Stanford, center. (Donald E. Hurlbert, Smithsonian Institution)
"There will be no end of students and scholars coming to look at Noah's Clovis point, so we're very pleased to have it -- but we're even more pleased that Noah found it and brought it to us," Stanford said.
When Noah picked the Clovis point out of the ocean, he wasn't sure what it was. Without his glasses, he thought it might be a shark tooth. His father Brian Cordle recognized that it was an arrowhead, but figured it must be a replica. "What would an arrowhead be doing at the Jersey shore?" he said. But the heft of the specimen suggested it might be real. Some Googling by Noah's mother Andrea revealed that the shape of the arrowhead was similar to other Clovis projectiles, which led them to confirm the artifact's validity with museum staff.
Most of the country's Clovis points are found by lay people, not scientists, Stanford said -- and it's worrisome to think of them getting getting shoved in a backpack or sold when they hold such archaeological value.
But Noah and his parents say that donating the specimen was a no-brainer. NMNH will even give Noah a perfect plastic cast of the artifact to hold onto.
Noah Cordle high-fives his father, Brian, while his mother Andrea looks on. (Donald E. Hurlbert, Smithsonian Institution)
"It’s actually pretty spectacular to have something that a place like the Smithsonian would actually want," Brian Cordle said. "That’s more cool than anything. I don’t even know what it’s worth financially, but I know it’s not much compared to the excitement of all this.”
Noah agreed that it was "pretty cool," to donate the piece to the museum -- though he's getting a little camera shy after all of the media attention.
Stanford hopes that Noah's discovery will inspire a love of science in him, driving his curiosity in the fields of archaeology and beyond.
"I was already pretty interested in science before this," Noah said, "but this brings it up to a whole new level."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Iranians mark anniversary of US Embassy takeoverUpdated: November 4, 2014 20:02 IST
Iranians mark anniversary of US Embassy takeover
AP
AP Iranians chant slogans in an anti-U.S. demonstration in front of the former U.S. Embassy, during the holy day of Ashoura, in Tehran on Tuesday.
TOPICS
demonstration
Thousands of Iranians chanted “Down with America” at a major anti-U.S. rally on Tuesday marking the anniversary of the 1979 takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, just days ahead of a key meeting between the two nations’ top diplomats over Iran’s controversial nuclear programme.
The gathering outside the former embassy compound in Tehran, which has become the annual venue for rallies commemorating the embassy attack and other American-bashing protests, was smaller compared to last year’s event, which drew tens of thousands a sign of improved Iran-U.S. relations since moderate Iranian President Hassan Rouhani took office last year.
But the rally, organised by hardliners, still puts pressure on Rouhani, whose policy of outreach to Washington has faced harsh criticism from opponents at home.
Many in the crowd chanted “Death to Israel” and “Death to Britain,” neither of which has an embassy here. Several protesters burned the American, Israeli and the British flag.
Following the Islamic Revolution in Iran 35 years ago, militant Iranian students stormed the U.S. Embassy, claiming it was a center of plots against the Persian nation, and held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days. Ties between the two countries were severed after the siege and formal relations have not been restored since.
The anti-U.S. gathering this year also had a religious character as most Shiites world over on Tuesday observed the Ashoura, a remembrance of the 7-century death of Imam Hussein, a grandson of the Prophet Muhammad revered by Shiites.
One of the rally speakers, cleric and university professor Ali Reza Panahian compared the U.S. to enemies Hussein faced in his final battle in Karbala in present-day Iraq.
“Today, the evil arrogant powers have learned that they should not attempt to thwart us in the same way that enemies of Hussein encircled him,” Panahian said. He also denounced talks with world powers over Iran’s nuclear program, claiming the negotiations cannot change the Iranians’ anti-U.S. stance.
State TV said similar anti-U.S. rallies took place in other Iranian cities and towns Tuesday.
But despite anti-American sentiments on the streets, Rouhani’s government has pushed for a final nuclear deal that would end crippling Western sanctions imposed on Iran in exchange for ensuring that Tehran cannot produce a nuclear weapon.
The two sides have a Nov. 24 deadline to seal the final deal. The West suspects Iran’s nuclear program is aimed at producing atomic weapons, a charge Tehran denies, insisting it’s for peaceful purposes only.
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has final say on all Iranian state matters, has repeatedly backed the talks even though he has expressed doubts about the intentions of the six-member group the five permanent U.N. Security Council members and Germany in the negotiations.
In Oman’s capital of Muscat next week, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif are to hold trilateral talks, which will also include European Union’s foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton.
Zarif’s adviser Ali Khorram said Iran-U.S. relations have now changed from being openly hostile to friendly but that “it’s a friendly relation not based on trust, not yet.”
Khorram said the two have “common fields of cooperation in Iraq and Syria” against Islamic State extremists.

http://usat.ly/1qnqFBKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up Stocks are struggling Tuesday from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close mixed: S&P drops, Dow bumps up
Stocks fell across the board in midday trading Tuesday as voters head to the polls for the midterm elections. The latest economic data showed New York City business activity is slowing down. Newslook
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:41 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
A trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks closed mixed Tuesday as markets struggled from a one-two punch of falling oil prices and renewed fears of a global slowdown. A wait-and-see posture regarding Tuesday's elections may also be holding back investors.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.71 points, or 0.3%, to 2012.10 and the Nasdaq composite index dropped 15.27 points, or 0.3%, to 4623.64. The Dow Jones industrial average moved up 17.60 points, or 0.1% to 17,383.84.
The sell-off in the U.S. oil pits picked up steam Tuesday, with a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude dipping another 2% to $77.19, and at one point falling to $75.84, the lowest level since October 2011. It was trading at $100 a barrel as recently as July.
Oil prices slid following a decision by Saudi Arabia to cut prices of oil exported to the U.S., which is believed to be driven by the Saudi's attempt to put pressure on the U.S. fracking industry.
Regan: Why OPEC is fine with falling oil prices
Energy stocks took a hit, with ExxonMobil ( XOM ) falling 0.8% to $94.52 and Chevron ( CVX ) dropping 1.2% to $115.37. Noble is the worst performer since oil peaked this year. Shares in NE have fallen a brutal 44% for 2014.
"The stock market sell-off reflects a bearish bet among many investors that falling oil prices reflect weaker-than-expected global growth," says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust.
Stocks are likely reacting to the continued descent of crude, coupled with fresh signs that Europe's economic growth continues to sputter. The European Commission cut both its growth and inflation forecasts for the eurozone for 2015 to 1.1% and 0.8%, respectively, according to Barclays. The downgraded outlook is the latest sign that Eurozone weakness could potentially weigh on U.S. growth.
Despite increased pressure on the European Central Bank to launch a U.S.-style government-bond buying program when it meets Thursday, Barclays said it does not "expect further easing."
European markets closed lower as Britain's FTSE index fell 0.5% to 6453.97 and Germany's DAX index dropped 0.9% to 9166.47. The CAC 40 of France plunged 1.5% to 4130.19.
Asia stocks were decidedly mixed. Japan's Nikkei shot up 2.7% to 16,862.47 while the Hang Seng of Hong Kong dropped 0.3% to 23,845.66.
In economic news, the U.S. trade deficit rose in September to its highest level since May as exports fell. The trade deficit widened to $43.0 billion in September, up from a revised $40.0 billion in August, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday. Economists had forecast a trade deficit of $40.0 billion for September.
The swelling trade deficit prompted economists to trim their growth forecasts in the U.S. for the fourth quarter.
Factory orders slip in September
Monday, stocks closed mostly lower as the Dow fell 24.28, or 0.1% to 17,366.24 and the S&P 500 dipped 0.24, or less than 0.1%, to 2017.81. The Nasdaq composite rose 8.17 points, or 0.2% to 4638.91, staying at a 14½-year high.
Contributing: Doug Carroll, Adam Shell.
19 stocks are real turkeys in November (Photo: AP) http://t.co/TBgQDvo1FO pic.twitter.com/BUwj3fPoU7
42 CONNECT 132 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnqFBK
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Cramer: Where s Sprint journey goingcramer: where s sprint journey going
NCAER cuts GDP forecast on weak fundamentalsNCAER cuts GDP forecast on weak fundamentals
Student  2 others held smuggling party drug in DelhiStudent  2 others held smuggling party drug in Delhi
Domestic air traffic rises 26.3% in SeptDomestic air traffic rises 26.3% in Sept
Ravindra Trading Agencies directors Sunil Bhide Basangouda Patil resignsRavindra Trading Agencies directors Sunil Bhide Basangouda Patil resigns
AIIMS CVO s removal: CVC seeks health ministry s commentsAIIMS CVO s removal: CVC seeks health ministry s comments
Tech marketing is the key for start-upsTech marketing is the key for start-ups
Manish Godha
Tweet
Technology influences all aspects of business. Entrepreneurs need to leverage it
The genesis of a start-up is when an entrepreneur sees an opportunity to build and deliver value to an audience.
Tech start-ups owe their existence to the fact that technology today influences all aspects of lives of people and businesses in fundamental ways. What many entrepreneurs (and technology visionaries) ignore is that for most people, the specifics of hardware, software and myriad mechanisms of how they come together are irrelevant (of course, to a degree that varies enormously). The primary concern is how to avail of technology to solve particular problems in the context of our everyday lives.
Costly mistake
This is where technology marketing is the key in ensuring smooth adoption/use and communicating value. Start-ups do recognise the importance of marketing. Many invest in digital and traditional advertising, for example. In most cases, however, marketing is thought to be a support function, sales enablement is near absent and communication is an afterthought. Thus many start-ups make a costly mistake of creating products and businesses which are disconnected to the audience, or at-least are not dynamically harmonized to the realities of the market. Marketing is central to the business of a start-up. He or she has to get involved and influence the entire gamut consisting of complexities and dynamics of the tech business today. Perhaps, the entrepreneur has to be primarily a technology marketer. Start-ups, today, belong to the world characterised by the convergence of B to B and B to C, daily changes in decision making, and products and services on a sometimes daily release cycle.
Constant launch
The key skills thus are, how to manage the chaos by using some basic frameworks to get to market quickly and effectively, and quickly generate audience and decision making profiles to enable technology sales. In addition, it is becoming critical to optimally leverage the power of the “constant launch” mentality to rise above the noise.
Another interesting aspect is the convergence of B to B and B to C. Technology decisions that businesses make are increasingly driven by how individuals/end-users use technology.
More and more consumer technology is entering the business environment and the adoption and value realisation of any technology is dependent on how these individuals experience technology. Many a tech start-ups have been founded on this very premise. Therefore tech marketing cannot focus merely at the point where technology is bought or sold. For technology to be of real use beyond the “bling effect”, its true value has to be communicated simply, effectively, and with clear regard to how individuals make decisions, whether for their personal lives or their business lives. As business grows, it is not unusual to see chaos creeping in and incoherence setting in. Tech marketing, with all its good intent, can end up alienating the customer with multiple messages, dated product information, and irrelevant content.
The key challenge for a start-up is to reach its audience and communicate the value of its offerings effectively. Thus tech marketing is about building awareness amongst the target audience, and at the same time is responsible to ensure effectiveness of various campaigns and high returns of marketing spend.
A right approach to is about bringing the multiple aspects of technology production and usage together to ensure that the value of technology is realised. Effective tech marketing is thus dependent on a deeper involvement in the business of technology and in the business of the technology user. It is a value-first approach, enabled by bringing together dissimilar skills. It is, for all businesses, and especially for a start-up, a critical ingredient for success and growth.
The writer is founder and CEO, Advaiya, a technology and marketing services company
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related

Adding some masala to management lessonsAdding some masala to management lessons
Padmini Sharathkumar
A day in the kitchen can teach you a thing or two about managing your work life
Like many moms of my generation, I share a love-hate relationship with my kitchen.
It is pure love when the sambar turns out so well that I even let my husband’s comment “Ah, that tasted exactly like my mother’s sambar”, pass. Or when the channa masala that I packed for my perpetually hungry sonscomes back polished clean and their friend’s mother calls me asking for the recipe. Or, when my finicky mom appreciates the koottu and vatha kozhambu that I had hurriedly prepared before leaving for work.
Multi-tasking
However, it is anything but love, when work goes on and on and never seems to stop, where the kitchen is concerned. I must concede, though, that most of the management lessons that I have picked up over the years did come from the kitchen. For all those who have had the privilege, pleasure (and the utter amazement) of watching their mother, mother-in-law, grand moms and aunts managing the kitchen, this should resonate with you.
Forget the 8 a.m. to 9 a.m. rush hour outside. Have you ever witnessed the 7.00 a.m. to 8.00 a.m. rush hour in the kitchen? In an old (but spotlessly clean) two-burner gas stove, my mother would be whipping up breakfast and lunch at the same time, deftly chopping vegetables and making one dish after another as fluidly as Bombay Jayashri’s musical notes.
Dosas with milagai podi for one family member, sambar rice with appalam for another, packing would be on, full swing. In the midst of all this would be requests for cups of coffee from someone or the other and Horlicks or Bournvita for the little ones in the family. My mother would operate in the midst of all this, with zen-like efficiency. This is what is known in modern parlance as ‘multi-tasking’. And yes, my first brush with multi-tasking did begin in the kitchen.
But let’s rewind a bit and look at what typically would have happened the previous night. Amma would be watching the TV serial along with the rest of us with rapt attention. But she would be cutting vegetables, keeping in mind the next day’s menu. With the menu designed the previous night, and the vegetables cut, the tamarind and dal soaked in water, the next morning would be all about action. This was my first lesson on planning. In most of the engineering and management books, we learn that wastage can be minimised. But zero-wastage ? Nah! This was one more lesson that came, you guessed it right, from the kitchen.
Zero waste
What do you do when you have left-over rice? Well, it gets made into some sort of a ‘mixed-rice’ the next day, such as lime rice, coconut rice, curd rice with seasoning, get the drift? This zero-wastage philosophy was not just at my mother’s kitchen. Even at my mother-in-law’s kitchen it was just the same. For the first few months of my marriage, I never figured out why my mother in law made avial, every Saturday! Saturday was her weekly ‘veggie-shopping’ day. And the one way to empty out the leftover vegetables in the fridge was, of course, avial! For these ladies, leftovers were synonymous with creativity. Leftover bread would thus become bread upma and leftover dosa batter became kuzhi paniyaarams.
And now, for the hot tip. Contingency Planning You may have seen vathals and vadaams being made in your terrace or the neighbour’s terrace. These were made in summer and would be used through the year.
My mother-in-law was the first to introduce me to a technique called “clean as you go”. This way, even in the midst of major cooking, the kitchen and the counter would always be clean. Dishes would get done then and there. I later started applying the same do-it-right-now philosophy to ‘housekeeping’ my email and filing systems at work.
Modern kitchens
Before you conclude that ‘masala’ management is all about Mom’s kitchen, let me add a few lessons that I picked up from modern kitchens. One of the things I noticed is that the smart kitchens are always in a “state of preparedness” to receive unexpected guests. My friend Lakshmi will always have boiled dal and one or two chutneys in the fridge, another friend Manju, has chappati dough and boiled potatoes in her fridge. My sister goes the extra mile and actually stocks home-made paneer cutlets in her freezer. These women are unfazed by unexpected guests. Give them 10 minutes and a hot lunch or dinner would be served with a smile. The next big lesson that I learnt was how to ‘reduce complexity’ and still have a great party. My friend Chandrika introduced me to the concept of ‘pot luck’. She applies design-thinking to the menu carefully and ensures that every guest brings one item, right from starters to main course to dessert. This way, the host also gets an opportunity to enjoy the party and as the cooking load is distributed and no one feels the stress of cooking for 10-15 guests. And now, for a ‘marketing’ tip from my own kitchen. My husband and I are a real-life example of two-states and cross cultural integration. I am a Tamil Iyer and he is a Kannadiga. Thus, when my relatives come over for a meal, I make Udupi recipes such bisibelebath and when my in-laws side of the family come over, I make paruppu usili and vatha kozhambu. I hide the little imperfections with an extra dose of garnish, like any good marketer!
So, here’s a message to all those who manage training programmes. Whenever you want to train people in management, why not consider sending them to the nearest kitchen?
The writer is CMO, Polaris Financial Technology
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related

How good is your pensionTweet
October 21, 2014:  
If you’re Indian, the answer is: very poor indeed. India’s retirement system continues to rank the lowest amongst the 25 countries surveyed in the 2014 Melbourne Mercer Global Pension Index. This study of retirement income systems has confirmed that there is great diversity between the systems around the world with scores ranging from 43.5 for India to 82.4 for Denmark.
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Carvey  Inventables  desktop carving machine  gets Kickstarted quickly0
“It's ... far from the first CNC carver we've seen, and isn't even the first such machine from Inventables — which also built the Shapeoko 2 ,” noted engadget.com reviewer Steve Dent. “But it is a very polished-looking desktop device, and should appeal to designers who may not know a veiner from a v-tool.”
It's the first crowdfunding attempt for Kaplan, though Wilson is a Kickstarter veteran. Kaplan said the platform was important for validating the idea: “If people aren’t excited, and don’t back it, we’re going to kill it,” Kaplan wrote in an email early Tuesday. “It means we missed the mark.”
It builds off Kaplan’s Shapeoko 2 machine, launched last year. The Shapeoko 2 comes in kit form, requiring assembly, while Carvey, a sleeker design, needs only to be plugged in and turned on, Kaplan said. And it’s meant to run quietly enough so that it can sit on a desk or studio table.
“In the past few years we’ve seen an explosion of 3D printing, and we believe that 3D carving is the next step,” Kaplan said.
Carvey, which accommodates sophisticated computer-assisted design programs, comes pre-loaded with Inventables’ free Easel design software platform, aimed at “click-and-carve” users who have no special training. Users can also import files from a library of projects and upload their own designs for others to use, Kaplan said.
For earlier projects, Kaplan said he took pre-orders on the Inventables website and told customers that he wouldn’t move ahead with the products if he didn’t get enough orders. But those products targeted users with a stronger technical background.
“With Carvey, we’re trying to reach people who don’t have the same level of technical skill,” Kaplan said. “It’s more about their idea rather than their expertise.”

Wall St. dips at open as energy dragsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

5 ways to keep a divorce from being needlessly expensiveBy Jonnelle Marte October 31 Follow @jonnelle
(iStock)
When Joanna Wilbur got divorced five years ago, she was able to keep her two story, four bedroom home with a wraparound porch in Fairfax County, Va.
They had only purchased the home two years before deciding to go their separate ways, and Wilbur says she wasn’t yet ready to let it go. But in hindsight, maybe she should have been, she says.
They bought the home for more than $500,000 in 2006, when home prices were peaking. Now it’s not worth nearly that much, she says–and she’s stuck making huge mortgage payments on her own.
“Would I have bought this same house on my own?” she says. “The answer is no.”
Even when divorces are straightforward and amicable, untying the knot can be messy. Unwinding and dividing the property, debt, financial assets and other belongings people amass when they’re planning on being together forever can be a lengthy and complicated process. Learning to live — and making plans to retire– on one paycheck can also take time.
Financial advisers offer these tips to help people start the next chapter:
Redo the budget. 
Going from “us” to “I” usually means having to move from two paychecks to one. People who don’t make an honest assessment of what they can afford under their new financial setup may find themselves with cars, houses and other bills they would have never signed up for when they were alone.
People deciding what assets and belongings they want to keep after a divorce should ask themselves if they would still make that purchase with the income they’ll have after the split, says Dawn Humphrey, a senior wealth planner with SunTrust Bank. “For many of our clients, a lot of it comes down to needs versus wants,” Humphrey says. “Many times you need to take a step back to see what’s reasonable.”
When it came time to refinance the house and put it under her name, Wilbur says she was only able to do so after getting a financial gift from her parents. She’s also taken on roommates from time to time in order for help keeping up with monthly payments, repairs, taxes and other expenses that come up. “On my income I can maintain my home,” she says. “But it is a struggle.” Still, the house is worth more than it was during the housing bust, she says. And since the value of the home is more than the mortgage, she can still sell it for a profit.
Know your credit standing.
Even when money and belongings are split equally, two people may find themselves on unequal ground when it comes to their credit scores. This can be especially true for couples where one person was the primary breadwinner, Humphrey says: “You can have one spouse that really never worked or established credit in their own name.” To build or repair your credit history, start by paying down debt, especially anything owed on a credit card, Humphrey says.
Making steady payments and freeing up available debt may help people lift their credit scores to the point where they qualify for their own credit card. Closing a card that both spouses had access to may ding both people’s credit scores, especially if it is an account that has been open for a long time. But people should track spending on any shared cards, says Angie O’Leary, senior vice president and head of investment product group at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. Otherwise, someone might end up on the hook for a bill racked up by an ex-spouse, she warns.
Related: Being married has a lot to do with economic success, scholars say
Create a new retirement plan. 
Retirement assets and savings accounts such as a 401(k), IRA and pension are typically divided up along with other assets when couples file for divorce. For some people, that may mean working longer or taking on a part-time job in retirement, Humphrey says. When it comes to Social Security , some people may find they still qualify even after the divorce if the marriage lasted at least 10 years and the ex-spouse is still unmarried.
One thing to watch for as assets are being divided: Any funds portioned out of a tax-deferred account should generally be rolled over into another qualifying retirement account in order to avoid steep taxes and withdrawal penalties, O’Leary says. People should also think about changing the beneficiaries on their retirement accounts to that of another relative or loved one if the account was previously designated for a spouse.
Wilbur says that in her case, she kept the 401(k) savings she had amassed through her job at a local credit union and her ex was able to keep his pension. Still, she says she had to rethink her initial plans to sell her home in her early 60s and now plans to work until age 70 to keep saving and to take advantage of larger Social Security benefits offered to people who put off collecting benefits until after their full retirement age. The house may also provide some added income, she says.
Learn the new tax rules. 
Once the divorce is final, each person will probably need to need file their tax returns as single, says. If they have children, the spouse who has custody of the children and is providing more than half of the costs of supporting them may be able to file as “ head of household ,” Humphrey says. But it’s not just the filing status that changes: Some people may find themselves in a higher or a lower tax bracket after filing on their own. (Two people who earned about the same annually probably won’t see a difference.) Depending on who is keeping the home, investment accounts and other assets, the tax breaks a person can qualify for may also change after a divorce. For instance, only one spouse can claim child-related credits after a divorce.
If the divorce isn’t final, both people may still have to file as married, according to H&R Block . Some people waiting to finalize a divorce may decide to do their taxes as married filing separately, in order to start treating their finances individually, but that may disqualify them from certain tax credits and deductions and lead to a higher tax bill. Some people might be able to file as “unmarried,” but only if they meet certain requirements, such as paying for more than half of the living expenses, housing a dependent or other child and not living with the spouse.
Rethink insurance.
One mistake divorcees make frequently is assuming the need for life insurance might end with the marriage, O’Leary says. In addition to any policies purchased for children, one person may still need to buy life insurance if they’ll be responsible for alimony or child support payments after the divorce, she says. Such policies are typically put in place for a set time period, such as until one spouse gets married or the beneficiary reaches retirement age, O’Leary says. (These terms might be set during the divorce proceedings.) A divorce is still a good time to re-evaluate insurance needs overall. Some people previously covered under a spouse’s plan may now need to shop around for their own plan, O’Leary says.
Read More:

Airtel to hike post-paid rentals from Decembertelecommunication service
Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December.
“Eff. (effective) 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your Airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month,” Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months.

Australian banks: shaky foundations© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/02e01060-632c-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Provisioning  capital  and pressure on StanChartProvisioning, capital build-up, and pressure on Standard Chartered management Nov 03, 2014 - 2:14 pm
Patrick Jenkins is joined by Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming to discuss provisioning from banks over the foreign exchange scandal, developments in the building up of bank capital as regulators move the goal posts, and the mounting pressure on Standard Chartered management.

The story of Josiah WedgwoodAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact charlotte.clarke@ft.com about the MBA blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
Meet the MBA students
Age: 25
Nationality: American (Eritrean origin)
Background: Merih has a degree in civil engineering and has worked in government for four years. He hopes to use his MBA to move into the private sector.
Age: 26
Nationality: United States
Background: Emily worked as a management consultant for Bain & Company prior to starting her MBA. She hopes to launch a socially responsible online business in South America.
Age: 26
Nationality: South African
Background: Sam has worked in consultancy in South Africa. He would like to build an emerging market private-equity fund and sees his MBA as a step in that direction.
Age: 27
Nationality: Filipino
Background: Monica graduated with a BSc degree from the University of the Philippines and for the past four years has been working in leading financial institutions. She plans to remain in finance.
Age: 30
Nationality: British
Background: Michael wants to switch from his current role in assurance for one in a technology start-up or in a technology venture capital firm. He chose his course for its focus on innovation, entrepreneurship and design.
Age: 34
Nationality: British/Australian
Background: Omar has been working at an ethical investment company where he led the development of its Islamic investment product platform. He sees his MBA as a way of learning more about leadership.
Age: 28
Nationality: American
Background: Victoria has six years of marketing and PR experience in the cultural sector. She joined Stern to build on her management and analytical skills.
Age: 29
Nationality: British
Background: Gareth is a professional cricketer for Glamorgan County Cricket Club, where he has played since 2006. He wants his EMBA to prepare him for a life after cricket.
Age: 25
Nationality: Indian
Background: Piyush has worked with several life science start-ups in India, helping them to secure funding, and now wishes to merge his sales and marketing skills with his interest in technology.
Age: 28
Nationality: British
Background: Philippa has a PhD in psychiatry and has been working at Cambridge Cognition in a scientific consultancy role. She chose Wharton because of the health care management major it offers and its network.
Age: 24
Nationality: Polish/British
Background: Marta is a Fulbright Scholar. She was drawn to a US-based programme because she wants to study in an optimistic "anything can happen" society. She has worked in consulting and e-commerce.
Age: 30
Nationality: British/Australian
Background: Owen spent four years as a diplomat in the Australian Government, then three years in start-ups in Edinburgh, London and San Francisco. He hopes to take a role in innovation, knowledge transfer or entrepreneurship on graduation.
Age: 38
Nationality: Italian/British
Background: Ignaz grew up on a farm in the Italian Alps, trained as an architect in Vienna and studied in London and Paris. He has a PhD in humanities and most recently worked in research data management.
Age: 40
Nationality: Italian
Background: Domitilla works as a social media strategist for an Italian publishing company. She has a bachelor's degree in marketing psychology and is eager to acquire more management knowledge.
Age: 29
Nationality: Indian
Background: Prakhar has been working in cloud computing. He sees his EPGP as an opportunity to move into education and healthcare cloud technology.
Age: 30
Nationality: Italian
Background: Michele has a technology consulting background and more than five years' professional experience on technology innovation. He has a masters in electronic engineering and recently worked in IT consulting.
Age: 26
Nationality: Indian
Background: Kshitij has worked in manufacturing, sales and marketing and technology but realised he needed theoretical knowledge. He believes Singapore is a gateway to the world and enjoys its international and cultural diversity.
Age: 23
Nationality: British
Background: Jaya is part of the Young Potential Leaders programme on the full-time MBA at Manchester. She is the youngest in her class having only recently graduated from Manchester University with a masters in biomedical material engineering.
Age: 28
Nationality: Canadian
Background: Alex has a degree in management and organisational studies from the University of Western Ontario. She has been working in retail wealth management and is now eager to gain experience in other sectors.
Age: 32
Nationality: British
Background: Ekta is a senior strategy manager at Accenture. She is eager to expand her horizons and wants an outside perspective to complement her  existing experience.
Age: 28
Nationality: American
Background: Madhavi's passion is designing sustainable business models, products and services that enrich people's lives.  After completing her dual-degree, she hopes to find a role focused on strategic innovation.
Age: 34
Nationality: British
Background: Linda works for an investment bank in New York. She chose the OUBS as it allows her to study anywhere in the world while continuing to work full-time.
Age: 31
Nationality: Indian
Background: After working for a decade in one of India's largest IT companies, Amar has recognised he needs to expand his skills if he is to progress. He hopes the IPMX will give him the chance to reassess his goals.

Harley finds balance with baby boomersShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Harley finds balance with baby boomers
Nov 2, 2014 : 'They are not looking to go quietly,' says Harley Davidson's chief marketing officer Mark-Hans Richer. With 10,000 people turning 65 every day in the US, Harley hopes many will take to the open rode in one of their famed two-wheeled or recently released three-wheeled motorcycles.
Credits: Filmed & Produced by Christopher Booker. Additonal footage from Harley Davidson & Pew Research Center.

Hyundai  Kia will pay record $100 million fine for false MPG claimsHyundai, Kia will pay record $100 million fine for false MPG claims
Hyundai Elantra
Bloomberg
Charles Lee wipes down a Hyundai Motor Co. Elantra during the 2011 North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
Charles Lee wipes down a Hyundai Motor Co. Elantra during the 2011 North American International Auto Show in Detroit. (Bloomberg)
Automotive Industry Auto Reviews Hyundai Motor Co. Kia Motors Corp. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Global Warming Environmental Politics
Hyundai, Kia ordered to pay record $100 million fine for overstating MPG ratings in 12 vehicles.
EPA and DOJ issue record $100 million fine to Hyunda, Kia for overstating MPG claims on 2012 vehicles.
South Korean automakers Hyundai and Kia will pay a $100 million fine, the largest in Clean Air Act history, for inflating the fuel economy ratings of their vehicles, the Environmental Protection Agency said Monday.
The agreement stemmed from an investigation by the EPA and the Department of Justice into Clean Air Act violations based on the sale of about 1.2 million vehicles with overstated ratings by the two automakers. The inflated fuel economy ratings also resulted in the emission of approximately 4.75 million metric tons of greenhouse gases in excess of what the automakers certified to the EPA.
"[It] upholds the integrity of the nation's fuel economy and greenhouse gas programs and supports all Americans who want to save fuel costs and reduce their environmental impact," - EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy
“This settlement upholds the integrity of the nation’s fuel economy and greenhouse gas programs and supports all Americans who want to save fuel costs and reduce their environmental impact,” said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. “Businesses that play by the rules shouldn’t have to compete with those breaking the law.”
The automakers also will spend $50 million on measures to prevent any future violations. Hyundai and Kia will forfeit 4.75 million greenhouse gas emission credits that the companies previously claimed, which the EPA said are worth about $200 million.
“This type of conduct quite simply will not be tolerated,” said Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. “And the Justice Department will never rest or waver in our determination to take action against any company that engages in such activities.”

French leftwinger at business schoolFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Argentinas debt battle arrives in LondonArgentina’s debt battle arrives in London with High Court appeal
By Elaine Moore and Benedict Mander
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d84f3f5e-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas leaders seem to want their own version of the 19th-century US Monroe Doctrine for their own back yard in Asia©Andrew Burton/GettyImages
In this report
As growth continues to slow at home, many Chinese companies are looking abroad to make investments, enter foreign markets and acquire valuable technology and brands

Remembering Janaki Ammal: A scientist who sweetened sugarcaneUber cab rape case: Accused arrested in Mathura after day-long raids
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
Nearly two days after the rape of a woman executive in Delhi by a radio cab driver, the accused was arrested on the outskirts of Mathura in Uttar Pradesh Sunday. He will be handed to the Delhi Police and brought back to the Capital. The breakthrough came after 12 police teams carried out raids in different parts of UP, especially around Mathura as well as Mainpuri. A 25-year-old woman MNC employee was allegedly raped by the driver in north Delhi’s Sarai Rohilla late Friday night when she was returning home from a dinner party.

Rivalry harms Pakistan terrorism strategyFight to free Paddington from deportation
What we’re writing about
Autumn Statement Barack Obama Britain budget deficit China climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 George Osborne Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media Pakistan Scotland Syria Uighurs UK UK economy UK politics US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

Government effects bureaucratic reshuffle; over 35 Joint Secretaries shiftedYou are here: Home > Collections > Ias
Government effects bureaucratic reshuffle; over 35 Joint Secretaries shifted
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 06.42PM IST
Tags:
Anjuly Chib Duggal
(In another major bureaucratic…)
NEW DELHI: In another major bureaucratic reshuffle , the government has promoted 26 IAS officials at Special Secretary level and shifted at least 35 Joint Secretaries.
The Vice Chairman of Delhi Development Authority (DDA), Balvender Kumar , has been promoted in the rank and pay of Secretary. Kumar is a 1981 batch IAS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre.
Senior IAS officers Rajiv Nayan Choubey and Devendra Chaudhary have been made Special Secretaries in the Ministry of Power.
The Appointments Committee of Cabinet, led by the Prime Minister, had on June 18 cancelled the appointment of Choubey as Additional Secretary in the Prime Minister's Office.
Choubey, a 1981-batch IAS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, was appointed in the PMO on June 14. No reason was given by the government for cancelling his appointment.
Anjuly Chib Duggal has been appointed as Special Secretary in Department of Expenditure.
Her batchmate Chirravuri Viswanath, Chairman and Managing Director of Food Corporation of India, has been promoted to the rank and pay of Secretary.
Anil Kumar Agarwal, Director General in Employees State Insurance Corporation, has been promoted to the rank and pay of Secretary.
Ravinder Kumar Jain has been appointed as Secretary in the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) in the rank and pay of Secretary, said official order by the Department of Personnel and Training issued late last night.
Rajiv Arora, Joint Secretary in the Department of Commerce, has been shifted to the national intelligence grid or NATGRID in the same capacity.
Subhag Singh has been appointed as Managing Director in National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India (NAFED). Singh, a 1987-batch IAS officer of Himachal Pradesh cadre, is working as Joint Secretary in Department of Defence.
Vivek Joshi has been appointed as Officer on Special Duty (OSD), Procurement Policy Division, under the Department of Expenditure. He is presently Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Women and Child Development.
Annie George Mathew, a 1988 batch Indian Audit and Accounts Service, has been appointed as Joint Secretary in Department of Expenditure.
M C Jauhari has been transferred from the post of Joint Secretary, Ministry of Shipping, and appointed as Deputy Director General in the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI).
V Shashank Shekhar, a 1996-batch IAS officer of Nagaland cadre, has been appointed as Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs. Mukesh Jain, a 1989-batch IPS officer of Madhya Pradesh cadre, has been transferred as Joint Secretary in the Department of Disability Affairs.
Jain is presently Joint Secretary in Ministry of Power. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala, a 1990-batch officer of Indian Post & Telecommunication Accounts and Finance Service, has been appointed as Additional Secretary (Joint Secretary-level) in the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).
B S Bhullar, a 1986-batch IAS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, has been appointed as Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Freecharge.in crosses six million downloadsFreecharge.in crosses six million downloads
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov 4:  
Freecharge.in has crossed 6 million mobile downloads, with 5 million of them coming from the Android App store, making it one of the fastest growing product companies in India.
In a blog post on its web site, Freecharge.in CEO Alok Goel said: "Today we are extremely happy to announce a huge milestone in our growth journey and with your ongoing support. FreeCharge will continue to accelerate its growth."
Companies like Freecharge.in are riding on increased Mobile Internet usage in India. According to analyst estimates, it was pegged at around 80 million in 2013 and is expected to reach 120 million by the end of this year or almost 40 per cent of the overall Internet users in India.
Everyday, over 80 per cent of all transactions on FreeCharge happen on Mobile Apps now, at times even crossing 90 per cent, added Goel. He also added that the company has selectively started rolling out a new and improved product for its Android users and actively collecting feedback on that.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Michelle Obama bats for Indian-American AmiBeraPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:16 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:18 pm
Hours before the crucial US mid -term polls, Congressman Ami Bera’s re-election campaign got a shot in the arm with US First Lady Michelle Obama recording phone message appealing to voters in California seat, where the Indian-American is locked in a tight contest, to vote for him.
Bera is the only Indian-American in the current Congress and third ever person from the community to be elected to the US House of Representatives. He was elected from California’s seventh Congressional district with a thin margin in the 2012 general elections.
49-year-old Bera is facing a tough competition from Republican Doug Ose, a businessman who served three terms in Congress through 2005.
The high profile endorsement from Michelle Obama comes days after former US President Bill Clinton canvassed for Bera in his constituency. The two campaigns have given Bera a clear edge over Ose.
“Hi, this is Michelle Obama, and I’m calling because Barack and I are counting on you to support Ami Bera and the Democratic ticket this November 4,” the First Lady said in the recorded phone message.
“In an election this close, your vote is more important than ever before. We can’t risk having more out of touch folks coming to Congress, just because a handful of Democratic voters stayed home,” she said.
“Your vote for Ami Bera will make a real difference in supporting our President. And it will help us create good jobs, guarantee equal pay for women, and build better schools for all our children.
“You’ve been one of our reliable supporters in the past, and I hope you will make your voice heard again this year. Thanks so much,” Michelle said in the phone recording which was released yesterday.

Xiaomi now No 3 globally  Indian companies becoming more dominant at home:CanalysThe Xiaomi MI3 was a runway success in India, though for just a month
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:43 pm | Updated: November 21, 2014 4:25 pm
Fresh from success in China and India Xiaomi has emerged as the third largest vendor globally in Q3 2014 when smartphone shipments crossed 300 million units for the first time, according to research firm Canalys.
While Mainland China accounted for 34 per cent of Q3 smartphone shipments, United States accounted for 13 per cent and India 6 per cent. The Indian market has seen significant growth in recent quarters and in Q3 2014 was up 84 per cent on the same quarter a year ago and up 29 per cent on Q2 2014.
“A key similarity to the Chinese market has emerged in India with respect to the substantial contribution made by domestic vendors,” said Canalys Research Analyst, Rushabh Doshi. “Three of the top five vendors there – Micromax, Lava and Karbonn – are Indian companies, achieving promising growth in their home market, but with aspirations and potential, in time, to be disruptive on the global stage. With market leader Samsung’s share down 6 per cent from Q2, it has faced stiff competition from local players with aggressive pricing strategies,” he said.
Android One is making steady progress in the low end across India where it was first launched thanks to local partners, including Intex, Karbonn and Micromax. Doshi said Android One will grow as more partners come on board, adding further pressure. “Growing demand from the large, youthful middle class; the rising popularity of online channels, such as Flipkart; and the increasing availability of better quality, aggressively priced smart phones and affordable mobile data tariffs are all driving the smart phone market in India forward.”
“Notably, Chinese vendors are looking to India as an emerging high-growth opportunity,” said Doshi. “But with regulatory concerns over data sovereignty, international vendors with already established brands, and promising domestic vendors with local differentiation to contend with, the challenge for them to gain a real foothold should not be underestimated,” he added.
“The global market is becoming more competitive, with vendors beyond Samsung and Apple enjoying growing success,” said Chris Jones, VP and Principal Analyst at research firm Canalys. The firm’s country-level smart phone data for Q3 2014 shows the global market in robust health, with year-on-year growth of 23 per cent over Q3 2013, and a shipment total exceeding 300 million units in a quarter for the first time.
“A year ago, in Q3 2013, Samsung and Apple together accounted for 48% of worldwide smart phone shipments. While still impressive, in Q3 2014 this had slipped to 38%. This trend is likely to continue,” said Jones adding that this it is coming down to the strong value proposition and increasing quality of products offered across all price points by competing vendors, most notably Chinese companies. In fact, six of the top 10 global vendors in Q3 are continued…

New Maruti Alto K10 launched at Rs 3.06lakhThe older Alto K10 was being left behind by the competition, and this update should make the K10 relevant again.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:30 pm
Maruti Suzuki has launched the new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs. 3.06 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi. The Alto K10 is now a more powerful version of the Alto 800 entry-level hatchback. It is powered by the same 1.0 litre K-series engine which has been borrowed from the older Alto K10. The new Maruti Alto K10 gets new exteriors and interiors which give the car a new look overall.
The older Alto K10 was being left behind by the competition, and this update should make the K10 relevant again. The Alto K10 shares the same body-panels as the Alto 800, and the underpinnings too. The basic silhouette of the Alto K10 is now unmistakably similar to the Alto 800, only small design elements on the outside set the two apart. These include new swept-back headlamps, grille, lower air-dam, ORVMs, tail-lamps and pronounced rear-bumper.
The side profile remains the same as the Alto 800 with the ‘wavefront’ design, a big crease under the windows, subtly flared wheel-arches and a kink at the bottom remain.
The dull old interiors of the older Alto K10 have been replaced. The dashboard gets a new design theme and receives black-and-beige combo. The top part of the dashboard houses the A/C vents, a cubby-hole, multimedia system and instrument cluster. The lower part gets a glove-box and A/C controls integrated on to it. The three-spoke steering wheel is similar to the older car, but looks more upmarket thanks to silver inserts.
The centre console gets an integrated 2-DIN multimedia system. The instrument cluster has been heavily redesigned with a three-pod design featuring a functional tachometer. The instrument cluster comes equipped with a digital driver information display.
The new Alto K10 is not very different from the older car in terms of powertrain. It is powered by the same 1.0-litre K-series petrol engine that develops 68PS @ 6,200 rpm and 90Nm @ 3,500 rpm. This engine is offered with either a 5-speed manual transmission, or an AMT transmission. The AMT variant of the Alto K10 is the most affordable automatic car in the country as of now. The Alto K10 returns 24.07 km/l according to ARAI tests with both the manual as well as AMT gearboxes. The Alto K10 is also being offered with a ‘greener’ CNG option, which will be even more economical.
The new Maruti Alto K10 is available in 4 trim variants – LX, LXi, VXi and VXi (Optional). Of the four, the LXi exclusively gets CNG fitment. The AMT gearbox, branded AGS (Auto Gear Shift) by Maruti is available exclusively with the VXi trim. The top-end VXi (O) will be offered with a driver-side airbag.
The variant wise prices of the continued…

RIL  partners to get $40 million from gas pr...You are here: Home > Collections > Usd
Reliance Industries, partners to get $40 million this fiscal from gas price hike
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 07.39PM IST
Tags:
BP Plc
(Reliance Industries and…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Industries and its partners will get about USD 40 million in additional revenue this fiscal for gas they produce from eastern offshore KG-D6 block after the government raised prices by 33 per cent.
Niko Resources , which holds 10 per cent stake in the RIL-operated KG-D6 block, said partners will get increased rate of USD 5.61 per million British thermal unit for the gas they produce from MA field in the block, while old rate of USD 4.2 would continue to apply on D1&D3 fields pending resolution of a dispute regarding reasons for drastic fall in output.
"Approximately 40 per cent of the natural gas sold from the D6 Block for the period of April to September of 2014 was produced from the MA field and approximately 60 per cent was produced from the D1&D3 fields.
"Based on the company's current projections of natural gas production from the MA field, the revised price will provide incremental revenue to Niko of approximately USD 4 million from the MA field for the period from November 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015," the company said in a statement.
Extrapolating the earnings for other partners, RIL will get USD 24 million for its 60 per cent share in the KG-D6 block and BP Plc of UK USD 12 million for its 30 per cent interest.
Niko said the cash flow benefit of the revised price on gas sales from the D1&D3 fields is not expected to be available unless and until the cost recovery dispute is resolved in the favour of the contractors of the block.
The government has not agreed with the partner's claim of geological reasons being responsible for D1&D4 output languishing at less than 8 million standard cubic meters per day instead of 80 mmscmd projected for this time of the year.
It has disallowed certain costs as penalty, which the partners have contested and the matter is in arbitration.
Consumers will, however, pay the revised increased price for D1&D3 gas, but RIL and its partners will get only USD 4.2 per mmBtu with the difference being deposited in an escrow account. They will get the higher rates if they win the arbitration case.
"As per the (natural gas pricing) Guidelines (that came into effect from November 1), the announcement of the gas price for the period of April 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015 is expected to occur in mid-March 2015," Niko said.
It said while the government has stated that a premium over the USD 5.61 rate would be given to discoveries made after the issuance of guidelines in difficult areas like deepsea, the applicability of the premium to existing undeveloped finds in the D6 and NEC-25 blocks remains to be clarified.
These discoveries included in the approved plans of development for the R-Cluster and Satellite Areas in KG-D6 block.
"The development of these discoveries is dependent on the future long-term price outlook for gas sales from these projects and the uncertainty in this outlook could mean that development of these discoveries could be deferred," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp to enter Europe by end of next...Hero MotoCorp to enter European markets by end of next year
By PTI | 5 Nov, 2014, 08.24AM IST
Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp aims to enter European markets, including Italy, Spain and France, by end of next year, with the launch of its hybrid-scooter 'Leap' in these countries.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI/MILAN: Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp aims to enter European markets, including Italy, Spain and France, by end of next year, with the launch of its hybrid-scooter 'Leap' in these countries.
In the first phase of its foray into Europe, the company plans to launch its products in Italy, Spain and France followed by the UK and Germany in the next phase of expansion, Hero MotoCorp Ltd (HMCL) said in a statement.
To begin with, the company will launch its first serial-hybrid scooter 'Leap' in these markets, and subsequently bring more models including scooters and motorcycles, it added.
"Having already stamped our presence in Asia, Africa, Latin & Central America, we are now now looking at stepping into the European market by the end of 2015 with our hybrid scooter Leap making its debut here," Hero MotoCorp Ltd Vice Chairman, CEO and Managing Director Pawan Munjal said.
The company is looking for potential partners and is even open for merger and acquisition opportunities to be able to make quick inroads in these markets, he added.
"This is in line with our vision of making Hero a truly global brand in its range of quality products, scale of operations and geographical footprint," Munjal said.
The company announced its plans at an event organised by EICMA , which is the marketing body of Italy's National Association of Bicycles, Motorcycles and Accessories ( ANCMA ).
Hero MotoCorp had recently announced an investment of USD 800 million in building capacity across the globe in the next few years.
Expanding aggressively over the past three years, the company is already present in over 20 countries across Central & South America, East & West Africa and Asia.
By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 plus assembly facilities globally. It is setting up two overseas manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh that are expected to go on stream in 2015-16.
In partnership with its local distributors, Hero MotoCorp has also set up assembly units in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
The company has also announced enter into the US and Brazilian market by 2016. It is also in the process of building two more manufacturing plants in India.
When operational, all these plants - including the ones in Colombia and Bangladesh - will take the total installed capacity of the company to over 12 million units of two-wheelers .

India s home air traffic grew over 26% in Se...air traffic
(Indian traffic "spiked…)
NEW DELHI: India's domestic air traffic grew at a record pace of over 26 per cent in September compared to the same month last year with low air fares stimulating the travel demand, IATA said today.
Indian traffic "spiked 26.3 per cent in September compared to a year ago", showed the latest data released by International Air Transport Association (IATA).
It attributed this growth, which was several times that of 7.6 per cent recorded in August, to market stimulation measures by the Indian carriers which continued to offer low fares on the domestic sectors.
"Whereas previous improvements in growth rates potentially were attributable to revived confidence over the new business- supportive government, the strong increase in September was owing to market stimulation measures introduced by carriers," IATA said as it released the September air traffic figures.
On international air travel, the IATA figures showed that Asia Pacific airlines reported a demand growth of 4.8 per cent compared to a year ago.
"Although this is a weaker rise than August, the recent trend has been positive and reflects better demand conditions in the region, including stronger trade activity that encourages business travel," it said.
The overall global passenger traffic results for September showed demand growth of 5.3 per cent over September last year.
"This continues the positive growth trend for passenger demand even though the performance was slightly below the August year-over-year rise of 6.3 per cent," the IATA study said.
However, IATA Director General and CEO Tony Tyler said though the fall in oil prices was "good news for an industry that spends a third of its operating budget on fuel", its full impact would "only be realized over time because of a time lag built into jet fuel pricing".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp to enter Europe by next year endHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp to enter Europe by next year end
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi/Milan, Nov 4:  
Country’s largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp aims to enter European markets, including Italy, Spain and France, by end of next year, with the launch of its hybrid-scooter ‘Leap’ in these countries.
In the first phase of its foray into Europe, the company plans to launch its products in Italy, Spain and France followed by the UK and Germany in the next phase of expansion, Hero MotoCorp Ltd (HMCL) said in a statement.
To begin with, the company will launch its first serial-hybrid scooter ‘Leap’ in these markets, and subsequently bring more models including scooters and motorcycles, it added.
“Having already stamped our presence in Asia, Africa, Latin & Central America, we are now looking at stepping into the European market by the end of 2015 with our hybrid scooter Leap making its debut here,” Hero MotoCorp Ltd Vice Chairman, CEO and Managing Director Pawan Munjal said.
The company is looking for potential partners and is even open for merger and acquisition opportunities to be able to make quick inroads in these markets, he added.
“This is in line with our vision of making Hero a truly global brand in its range of quality products, scale of operations and geographical footprint,” Munjal said.
The company announced its plans at an event organised by EICMA, which is the marketing body of Italy’s National Association of Bicycles, Motorcycles and Accessories (ANCMA).
Hero MotoCorp had recently announced an investment of $800 million in building capacity across the globe in the next few years.
Expanding aggressively over the past three years, the company is already present in over 20 countries across Central & South America, East & West Africa and Asia.
By 2020, the company aims to be in over 50 countries with 20 plus assembly facilities globally. It is setting up two overseas manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh that are expected to go on stream in 2015-16.
In partnership with its local distributors, Hero MotoCorp has also set up assembly units in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
The company has also announced enter into the US and Brazilian market by 2016. It is also in the process of building two more manufacturing plants in India.
When operational, all these plants - including the ones in Colombia and Bangladesh - will take the total installed capacity of the company to over 12 million units of two-wheelers.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Ashish Chowdhary  Chief Business officer for Nokia NetworksNokia Networks appoints Chief Business Officer
Our Bureau
Ashish Chowdhary
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Nokia Networks has appointed telecom industry veteran Ashish Chowdhary as its Chief Business Officer from January 1, 2015. Chowdhary is currently based in New Delhi and is EVP Asia, Middle East & Africa (AMEA) for the Finnish company. In the new role Chowdhary will move to Espoo in Finland where he will lead customer operations. He will report to Nokia President and CEO, Rajeev Suri who was earlier heading the networks business. Suri was elevated recently to lead Nokia's overall business after the handset unit was sold to Microsoft.
Chowdhary joined Nokia in December 2003 as Country Head, India, Nokia Networks. Under his leadership, the company, then known as Nokia Siemens Networks, had become the top ranking telecoms equipment vendor in India. Prior to joining Nokia, he was with Hughes Network Systems.
Born in 1965, he holds an undergraduate degree in Mathematics from Delhi University, a Masters Degree in Computer Science from Emory University and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
In the current role he has been responsible for all sales and operations in the region representing more than half of the revenue of Nokia Networks’ global business. He will continue to lead AMEA until the end of the year.
“Ashish has proven his talent and demonstrated strong execution in building customer relationships and delivering on our promises,” said Rajeev Suri, Nokia President and CEO. “Given his experience, having led both Customer Operations and Global Services, he is the ideal candidate to develop our worldwide customer facing organization to suit the global market in which we operate.”
In the past four years, Chowdhary led customer operations in the diverse regions of Asia Pacific, Japan, India, Greater China, and Middle East and Africa. Prior to this, Chowdhary headed the Global Services business.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Trent Q2 net down 27% at Rs 11.43 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Trent Q2 net down 27% at Rs 11.43 cr
PTI
Tweet
November 4, 2014:  
New Delhi, Nov 4 Tata group firm Trent Ltd today reported 26.73 per cent decline in standalone net profit at Rs 11.43 crore for the second quarter ended September 30 due to higher expenses.
The retail firm had reported net profit of Rs 15.6 crore in the July-September quarter of last fiscal.
Trent’s net sales increased by 30.95 per cent to Rs 349.78 crore in the quarter under review as against Rs 267.10 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a BSE filing.
Overall expenses of the company were at Rs 357.64 crore during the quarter, an increase of 32.97 per cent compared to Rs 268.95 crore in the year-ago period.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

World s 1st dengue vaccine likely by 2015: S...DENGUE
(Country Head, Sanofi Pasteur,…)
MUMBAI: As India deals with increasing number of dengue fever, pharma major Sanofi today said the world's first vaccine against the mosquito-borne viral disease may be available by the second half of 2015.
Sanofi Pasteur, the French drugmaker's vaccine unit, will file for registration of its vaccine candidate and subject to regulatory approval the world's first dengue vaccine could be available by the second half of 2015, the company said in a statement.
Results of the last stage of the clinical study showed that the vaccine gives a 95.5 per cent protection against severe dengue and an 80.3 per cent reduction in the risk of hospitalisation, it said.
Dengue has been a serious challenge to public health as it affects lakhs of people annually in India, Sanofi said.
The company added that its phase III efficacy clinical study programme for the dengue vaccine candidate was conducted in over 31,000 participants across 10 endemic countries in Asia and Latin America.
"We plan to submit the vaccine for licences in 2015 in endemic countries where dengue is a public health priority," Sanofi Pasteur President and CEO Olivier Charmeil said.
Country Head, Sanofi Pasteur, Stephan Barth, said dengue is a serious health concern in India, causing a significant but under-reported burden.
"Over recent months we have seen a worrying increase in cases in many parts of the country, putting a huge strain on healthcare systems. India is part of Sanofi Pasteur's global development strategy for dengue vaccine.
"Results of CYD 15 are very encouraging and in line with the results of the phase III study results in Asia and the Phase II study results in India," he said.
Committed to dengue vaccine research for more than 20 years, Sanofi Pasteur aims to make the tropical ailment the next vaccine-preventable disease, Barth said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trent Q2 Net down 27 per cent at Rs 11.43 croreTrent Q2 Net down 27 per cent at Rs 11.43 crore
World s 1st dengue vaccine likely by 2015: SanofiWorld s 1st dengue vaccine likely by 2015: Sanofi
World Bank: Ebola Battle Needs More Help From Asiaworld bank: ebola battle needs more help from asia
SIAM defends Maruti Nissan; says cars meet Indian safety normsSIAM defends Maruti Nissan; says cars meet Indian safety norms
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh meets Deputy Prime Minister of SingaporeUnion Home Minister Rajnath Singh meets Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore
Both BJP  AAP claim they will win Delhi battle (Roundup)Both BJP  AAP claim they will win Delhi battle (Roundup)
RIL  partners to get $40m this fiscal from gas price hikeRIL  partners to get $40m this fiscal from gas price hike
5 new business trends you should take advantage of5 new business trends you should take advantage of
Business trends
iStock/ Getty Images
Whether you're interested in building an online empire yourself, or in investing in progressive companies, some trends offer limitless potential.
Whether you're interested in building an online empire yourself, or in investing in progressive companies, some trends offer limitless potential. (iStock/ Getty Images)
By Robert Sofia, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
Media Industry Conservation Google Inc.
'Entrepreneurs who move quickly without compromising quality can...expect to succeed in 2015 and beyond.'
Business is evolving online with breakneck speed. Enterprising and forward-thinking entrepreneurs will follow the hottest trends and find ways to capitalize on them. Every great tech company in existence today exists because someone saw an opportunity and capitalized on it, and the future promises to bring many more great companies to fruition. Whether you're interested in building an online empire yourself, or in investing in progressive companies, here are five trends that offer limitless potential.
Self-directed learning
8
Today's youth are catching onto a new trend in education, coined “unschooling” or “education hacking” among its champions. Pioneers of this trend favor a mix-and-match, choose-your-own-adventure approach to learning, swapping stuffy classrooms for real-life experiences, internships and travel, as well as unconventional methods of guided learning such as online courses and electives.
Authority blogs, products and online courses catering to this ambitious young crowd will be a hit for the foreseeable future. With the widespread popularity of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) and subscription-based services like Lynda.com, e-learning is taking the Internet by storm. And there are plenty of untapped niches to be dominated in the online learning space.
DIY web technology
0
Many people have had a great idea for an app, but lack the resources or expertise to bring their idea to life. Fortunately, the future of web development is all about affordability and convenience. The growing appeal of time-savers like Twitter's Bootstrap framework is paving the way for a new era of opportunity for tech-savvy entrepreneurs.
Where complex, robust web solutions are required, WordPress plugins just aren't cutting it. Turnkey website solutions — ready-made freelance bidding sites or social media platforms, for instance — allow serial entrepreneurs to try out a new business model without paying several thousands of dollars in development fees. As a result, there is a growing market for third-party scripts, “out-of-the-box” apps and plugins.
Additionally, do-it-yourself types are beginning to see the value in cutting out the middleman and investing in web development skills. Teach-yourself-to-code resources and interactive programming tutorials will be in high demand going forward.
High-ticket gadgets
With the economy recovering and consumer discretionary spending on the upswing, the coming years are going to be huge for tech. 3D printing, information security, and ultra high-definition TV are among the hottest trends to watch. “Wearables” like smartwatches, Google Glass and health and fitness products are also gaining popularity.
Entrepreneurs can get a head start on advancing tech trends by creating websites and blogs educating readers about the latest technologies, offering price comparisons on new releases and collecting affiliate commissions on high-ticket items.
Content creation services
Incidentally, this is the business I'm in, and my company grew over 1,700 percent during the past three years, ranking 362 on the Inc. 500 list. The demand for content that entertains, informs and converts is greater than ever. In the past, content providers have been notorious for low-balling rates and generating massive amounts of low-quality content intended to exploit search engine crawlers. While this may have been effective in the early 2000s, Google's Penguin update has been largely successful in demoting websites that attempt to rank with keyword-stuffing and other black hat techniques.
Entrepreneurs who focus on providing quality over quantity will win out in the content creation game. There's plenty of room to niche it down — either by media type (text, images, infographics, video) or function (email, sales copy, blog posts, press releases).
B2B marketing consulting
With digital marketing evolving at such a rapid rate, it's time-consuming for marketing departments to keep track of what really counts. Entrepreneurs who have expertise in the areas of lead generation and conversion rate optimization will find their skills welcome.
With last year's changes to Google's algorithm and the move to secure search, SEO has taken on a new face in 2014. Once considered largely separate disciplines, SEO, social media and content marketing are joining forces in a common cause. Marketing consultants will therefore be expected to offer a multifaceted approach to marketing online.
Opportunity abounds, particularly in the area of web analytics. The days of relying on keyword metrics to gauge a website's performance are bygone, with emphasis now being placed on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) such as conversion rates and user experience metrics.
Finally, with mobile ad spending continuing to see exponential growth, the most successful marketing consultants will incorporate mobile marketing techniques into their overall strategy.
With more and more people turning to the Internet to find solutions to their everyday problems, business opportunity has never been so diverse. Entrepreneurs who move quickly without compromising quality can confidently expect to succeed in 2015 and beyond.
Robert Sofia is the cofounder and COO of Platinum Advisor Strategies.

Verify if you are loan worthyTweet
corund/shutterstock.com
You may have worked hard to put together money for the down payment of a particular loan. But unless a prospective lender thinks that you are loan-worthy via your Cibil report, your plans of getting access to easy credit may get squashed. So here’s the mantra you should know — the six C’s of credit.
Character
Your credit report is a reflection of whether or not you have good credit character. Good financial credit character is displayed by someone who meets his financial obligations on time such as credit card bills and other loan EMIs.
Even if you are sure that you are doing so, it is prudent to check your Cibil report at least once annually to see if everything is in order and your financial obligations appear as they exist in your credit report.
Capacity
When you make a loan application, your lender will ask you to submit a whole lot of income-related documents such as salary slips and IT returns.
This is to judge whether you have the ability to make a timely repayment of the loan. A bank will process your loan application only after it is convinced that you have enough cash left after paying off current fixed monthly financial obligations.
Cash flow
How much of your income is left once you meet your other debt obligations and your bills? This portion of your income stream will qualify as cash flow, and the lender needs to be assured that you have enough of it.
Capital
While assessing your loan eligibility, the lender will also look at your capital or the amount you are left with after you have met your debt obligations.
If you have a property in your name, it will work in your favour. The lenders need to be assured that you have enough capital to fall back on to be able to handle a new credit.
Collateral
Once again, your property, if you own any, can be shown as collateral when applying for a loan.
In case you are not able to meet debt repayments, the collateral will go under the possession of the bank which will sell it off to repay your loan.
Conditions
To assess your loan eligibility, the lender will scrutinise other conditions such the stability of employment. If you have been job hopping too often, instability will work against you.
A prospective lender will not be impressed by frequent jumps in your career.
Contributed by Creditvidya.com, an online educative tool to help customers stay on top of their credit
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Get a good deal for old wheelsLisa S./shutterstock.com
Here’s what you need to know before buying a used car
Buying second-hand can often save you big bucks and a car is no different. But how do you get the best deal when haggling over the price?
Verifying condition
It’s important to first make an objective evaluation of the car to determine whether it’s a lemon. Mileage on the odometer cannot be the only yardstick for taking a decision, as it can be tampered with.
Satisfy yourself that it is in sound mechanical condition. While inspecting it, ensure that it is on level ground so that you can clearly check the tires and ascertain whether anything is sagging from the vehicle. The worst car you could buy is one that has been in a collision; inspect the frame of the vehicle thoroughly. Look for signs of dents, damage or rust.
The acid test, of course, is to test drive it; never take a decision without doing that. Every drawback of the used vehicle should be highlighted to the owner to knock down the price.
Document checklist
Once you have zoomed in on the right vehicle, check the paperwork to ascertain that you don’t run into trouble after you pay for it. The registration certificate is an essential document that provides vital information about a vehicle. Check the State the vehicle was registered in, because if you plan to drive it to another State, you must register it there.
If the vehicle is old or was involved in an accident, the engine may have been changed. So ensure that the RC has the correct engine number. Also, verify that it’s not a “duplicate registration certificate (DRC)” and ask the owner for the reason if it is so.
Next, make sure that all payments have been made if the car was bought with a loan. Else, the lender may ask you to pay off the remaining loan instalments.
You’ll also need Forms 32 and 35 — for transfer of ownership and termination of any lease for hire-purchase, lease or hypothecation respectively — from the State Transport Department for this purpose. Also, ask the seller for a no-objection certificate from the finance company.
Also ask for a copy of the road tax receipt — the one-time payment that should have been paid at the time the vehicle was registered. If it hasn’t been registered, the penalty can run into lakhs of rupees that you will be liable to pay as the new owner.
In case the vehicle has been modified to run on two types of fuel, ask the seller for its dual fuel certification, as well as an NOC from the Road Transport Office. The retro-fitment also usually comes with a guarantee, so ask the seller for the original receipt.
One more thing to do before you make the purchase: have the vehicle insurance transferred to your name. Else, it’ll be difficult to lodge a claim in case of an accident. Check the policy details too — whether it is third-party or comprehensive insurance? Has insurance ever been claimed? Has the premium been paid regularly? And finally, demand a sale receipt from the seller.
Where to buy
With a plethora of used-car websites and classified advertisements, it’s no trouble finding individuals selling cars. If you are not very experienced with vehicles, hire a mechanic to do the inspection. Ask the current owner for the vehicle’s service history. A better serviced vehicle will often give less trouble than one that has never been to the workshop.
But if you still have qualms, look to buying from a pre-owned car dealer, or even a “certified” vehicle directly from the car company. The advantage here is that there is some sort of warranty on the vehicle.
You might get this from a dealer as well, but not all offer it. What’s more, the dealer or company will usually take care of the paperwork too. However, the cost is usually higher. Don’t be afraid of haggling with the owner. Take into account the repair costs you may have to incur calculating your purchase price.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Venezuela sinks as deep as its resourcesVenezuela sinks as deep as its resources
C GOPINATH
The excesses of economic nationalism and Chavez’s megalomania have ruined its economy
November 3, 2014:  
My student from Venezuela goes to Panama during her breaks — that’s where her family has moved. As she explained, “Everybody is moving from Venezuela to Panama or Bolivia.”
You can’t blame them. Venezuela is a prime example of what economics textbooks call “the resource curse”. This is the paradox when a country rich in natural resources seems to have a hard time getting its economy growing. It could be because the export of natural resources (say, oil or diamonds) strengthens its exchange rate to the point that its other sectors are affected, or it has poor governance or its institutions are weak and corrupt. In this case, the answer is probably “all of the above”.
Venezuela has the largest proven oil reserves in the world, and is also in the top league when it comes to gas reserves. Yet, it has to ration basic necessities such as milk, coffee, toilet paper and so on. A country that has the world’s largest oil reserves and fingerprint scanning equipment at its supermarkets needs to ration toothpaste? If you feel you have dived into the rabbit hole after Alice, you may be right.
In a rabbit hole
That is the only way you can explain the economic situation in Venezuela. The country has defaulted on its debts. It has been experiencing double-digit fiscal deficits the last few years. So the central bank has been printing notes, and also instituted exchange controls. There are actually three official exchange rates that range from 6.3 bolivars to 50 bolivars to a dollar. This can only be supported by a very complicated system of currency controls, and that usually means a thriving black market and people trying to get something that will hold value.
Inflation is currently at about 60 per cent. In 2013, you could get 17 bolivars to a US dollar; now it is 100. The slide in global oil prices has not helped, and the economy is estimated to be shrinking by 2.5 per cent this year. Some companies have started pulling out of the country.
When Hugo Chavez, an unabashed socialist, first became president in 1999, he generated a lot of hope. He promised a Bolivarian revolution that would support popular democracy, reduce political corruption and create more equal opportunity for all.
Coming after years of military coups and rightwing governments that had led to very high levels of inequality, Chavez was welcomed. He introduced publicly funded healthcare and built housing units for the poor. He began demanding a higher share from foreign companies in the extractive industries by raising royalties and increased government controls. And then came a rash of nationalisation of various companies including fertiliser plants, steel mills, and milk bottling companies. Somewhere along the way, he lost focus.
Irrational and excessive
Meanwhile, the productive assets of the country began to deteriorate. Irrational decisions and excessive intervention drove away investment. The focus was on re-distribution of a shrinking pie rather than making the pie grow. Megalomaniacal tendencies appeared in Chavez and he made it his mission to challenge anything the US did, although the US was a large buyer of Venezuelan oil. He admired Cuba’s Fidel Castro, and started funding rebel movements.
Chavez died in 2013 and was succeeded by Nicolas Maduro, a loyalist who also seems to have skipped basic macroeconomics classes when he was in school. The ultimate irony for a socialistic government is when the unions also begin to oppose its policies. And that is what is happening. Workers’ salaries are being eaten up by inflation.
Now, thanks to all the cheap oil it gave its friends, several countries supported it in its desire to win one of the rotating seats on the UN Security Council. Venezuela’s oil will last a long time and we can only hope that sooner rather than later, Venezuelans will benefit.
The author is a professor at Suffolk University, Boston, and Jindal Global Business School, Delhi NCR
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Between need and greedWhat’s the use of work if it won’t improve quality of life?
November 3, 2014:  
India adds 12 million people to the labour force every year, according to a McKinsey report — adding to the growing numbers of unemployed. In fact, we have young people old enough to work and not finding jobs and we have older people young enough to continue working and being thrown out of jobs. It’s catch-22 alright. But, in the context of the much-debated ‘labour reforms’ being initiated by the Government, it needs to be considered urgently, given that these so-called reforms seem oriented more towards plumping the nests of business and industry, not workers.
In an essay called ‘In Praise of Idleness’ written in the 1950s, philosopher Bertrand Russell argues for a reassessment of how we view ‘time’ and how we could use it in order to create a more equitable world. One way of doing this, he says, is to take a fresh look at how work is distributed. ‘Be employed’ for four hours a day, he suggests, and spend the rest of the day doing other things. In other words, my eight-hour job will be done by two people, four hours each. Each four-hour cycle will engage a different individual.
Of course, the money will be less but, appropriately re-constituted, it should be enough. If everyone at every level works like this, more people will have jobs and basic security. Better than this, though, they will now have the time to improve the quality of their lives. They will be free to study further, do voluntary work, spend time with the family, be healthier, be idle if they wish… but at the end of the day, be happier. And when civilisation ends, perhaps the gap between the haves and have-nots may have been bridged. Because really, there’s enough only for everyone’s needs, not everyone’s greed. Which is what the Government’s labour reforms will likely do: attempt to satisfy greed.
Sandhya Rao is Deputy Editor
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Towards urban dystopiaTweet
Uneven regional development is taking its toll
Nearly a quarter of a century after reforms, it is beyond question that the gap between the southern and western regions of the country (as well as pockets of the north) on the one hand and the eastern and central regions on the other has widened. The Twelfth Plan document details the divergence in per capita incomes. But a corollary to this is less acknowledged — the disturbingly uneven development of urban India. A recent McKinsey report titled ‘India’s Economic Geography in 2025: States, Clusters and Cities’ says that 49 urban clusters in 183 relatively developed districts will account for more than three-fourths of India’s growth in the coming decade. The report candidly observes that a company targeting a large consumer base may stick to about 20 ‘high affluence’, metro-oriented clusters (out of the 49) “rather than building a broadbased national footprint”. Central and eastern India will remain excluded. An Assocham study on the job situation in the second quarter lends credence to the emerging picture of unequal growth. The ongoing slowdown led to job losses in cities such as Kochi, Nagpur, Dehradun, Allahabad, Ranchi, Jalandhar and Visakhapatnam, while Chennai, Bangalore and Mumbai were jobs positive. This puts paid to the general perception of ‘Tier II’ cities being centres of activity. We seem to be headed towards urban dystopia, with growth centres coming apart as well.
The Centre’s plan to build 100 smart cities along industrial corridors and in the periphery of urban centres, seems aimed more at creating a new template for urban development than correcting the regional and big city biases. The challenge is to create thriving townships ‘in the middle of nowhere’ and make erstwhile industrial townships in the Gangetic plain, now ghost towns, come alive. For this, it is not enough to provide electricity, roads and land, crucial though they are. What distinguishes the south and the west from the rest of the country is not just governance, but also their superior social infrastructure in terms of education, opportunities for women and health facilities.
The push to ‘Make in India’ must address the gap between regions. It is not enough to have States competing with each other to attract investments, because it is evident that the developed regions enjoy a head start. Nor can we go back to the pre-reform era model of public enterprises developing backward regions in the absence of private investment. Industry and government should collaborate to create the necessary institutional climate — which means going beyond the brick and mortar of smart cities to improving law and order, access to quality education, affordable housing and modern healthcare. The gap in human development between a Bihar and a Maharashtra is no longer sustainable. Even if Bihar, Orissa, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh continue to record an average GDP growth of nearly 9 per cent (much less so in per capita terms), as in the Eleventh Plan, it is not enough. A multi-pronged, multi-stakeholder approach is called for to address regional inequalities.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

The politics of alliances is here to stayThe politics of alliances is here to stay
ADNAN FAROOQUI
Tweet
Cannot go it alone The BJP remains vulnerable in the Upper House
Although the BJP holds sway in the Lok Sabha, its position in the Rajya Sabha will compel it to reach out to other parties
Prior to 2014, India witnessed seven consecutive elections (1989 to 2009) in which no single party won a majority in the Lok Sabha, resulting in minority governments, including unwieldy coalitions dependent on external support.
With the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) winning a majority in the 2014 election, and continuing the trend by seizing two States, Maharashtra and Haryana, from the Congress in the October assembly elections, the question arises as to whether coalition politics is still important.
The answer is an unambiguous yes: pre-electoral coalitions were important for the BJP’s majority in the Lok Sabha, a post-electoral coalition is necessary in Maharashtra, and alliance building will be necessary for the future to pass legislation and expand the party’s reach.
Why pre-electoral coalitions
Given the first-past-the-post electoral system, the aggregation of votes at the constituency level is vital for winning seats. By implication, given the breakdown of the national party system into distinct State party systems, the formation of alliances with parties commanding a significant State-level vote-share helps to aggregate constituency-level votes in States where one’s own party is not strong enough to go it alone. Pre-electoral coalitions have the potential to increase the number of seats won although this means conceding some seats to allies and including the latter in government.
The underlying principle is that a third party could leverage expected vote-share in States where it is perceived to be a significant third party with a potentially “bridging vote-share”. In essence, perceived pivotality for electoral victory helps it to form electoral coalitions with the first or second parties in the States in which it is allocated more seats to contest than in the previous elections.
Since 1989, the BJP has grown partly on the basis of its own ideological appeal and mobilisation and partly by leveraging coalitions, while the Congress turned to coalitions with success in 2004 and 2009.
Seat-sharing ration
The general finding on pre-electoral coalitions is that the seat-sharing ratio between partners tends to get stuck in a narrow band, and does not adjust smoothly according to the demands of a partner who perceives its popularity to be on the upswing. For example, both the Congress-NCP and BJP-Shiv Sena coalitions in Maharashtra, the BJP-Janata Dal (United) coalition in Bihar (until recently) and the BJP-Akali Dal coalition in Punjab, as well as the Left Front coalitions in West Bengal and Kerala, and the Congress-led UDF coalition in Kerala all tended to remain stable in their seat-sharing ratios over the past two or more elections, with adjustments happening within a very narrow band. It is only when old coalitions break down due to one partner demanding a substantial revision of terms, as in Maharashtra in October 2014 for both Congress-NCP and BJP-Shiv Sena coalitions, and new coalitions are formed that new ratios can be established.
In 2014, the BJP struck a range of new alliances, most of them on more favourable terms than in the past while retaining its key old alliances (Shiv Sena, Akali Dal) on status quo terms. Thus, in 2014, the BJP forged pre-electoral alliances in 10 States, compared to six alliances in 2009, in which both it and its partner(s) contested seats, of which seven were new alliances — Bihar, erstwhile Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Kerala, Meghalaya and Uttar Pradesh — and defined by more favourable terms.
While the BJP has won 282 seats in the Lok Sabha, it has formed a surplus majority NDA government with its pre-electoral coalition partners, taking the tally up to 334 seats. However, the question arises as to the stability of the BJP’s majority in future elections and, by extension, the continuing relevance of coalitions.
In the Rajya Sabha
Of the 282 seats won by the BJP, as many as 57 seats are accounted for by States in which the BJP depended significantly on coalition partners (not counting Uttar Pradesh where the Apna Dal was a minor ally). These are Maharashtra (23 seats), Bihar (22), Haryana (7), Andhra Pradesh (2), Punjab (2), Tamil Nadu (1). Even if we assume that two-thirds of these 57 seats would have been won by the BJP contesting alone, this would still leave it 19 seats short of its present total and short of a majority.
Hence, the BJP’s majority in 2014 was crucially dependent on vote transfer from its pre-electoral allies, much like the CPI(M)’s majority in the West Bengal Assembly in the past depended importantly on vote transfer from other Left Front allies.
The centrality of coalition politics will remain due to the NDA’s dependence on opposition parties beyond the coalition to pass legislation in the Rajya Sabha. At present, the BJP has only 43 members in the 245-seat Rajya Sabha, and just 57 with its NDA allies, well short of the halfway mark of 123. Even if one makes highly favourable assumptions for the BJP in forthcoming State Assembly elections through its term, and factors in upcoming Rajya Sabha vacancies, the NDA’s net gains would still make it fall short of the halfway mark for most, if not all, of its term in office.
Regional limitations
Coalition politics will remain important because the BJP’s stated objective is to expand its base outward from its current strongholds in the northern and central Hindi-belt States and the three western States. For this, it will need allies in the other southern and eastern States except possibly in Karnataka and Assam. This is because the BJP’s narrow majority of 52 per cent of Lok Sabha seats is disproportionately based on an unprecedented sweep in the Hindi-speaking northern and central States and Union Territories and three western States and Union Territories.
Of the BJP’s 282 seats, as many as 244, or 87 per cent came from this belt plus western India ; in other words, it won a whopping 81 per cent of the seats in this region, or an even more whopping 92 per cent of the seats contested (244 out of 266 contested) in this region based on a 44 per cent vote-share. Replicating such a strike rate in future elections would be highly improbable. The BJP itself is aware of this fact, hence its realisation that an expansion into the south and east will be necessary and will require either an improbable quantum jump in vote-share, or more realistically, the formation of pre-electoral coalitions with regional party allies.
For these reasons, coalition politics will remain important for governance and for the BJP’s electoral strategy over its term, at the Centre and in the States.
Farooqui is an assistant professor of political science at Jamia Millia Islamia University, New Delhi. Sridharan is the academic director of the University of Pennsylvania Institute for the Advanced Study of India in New Delhi. This article is by special arrangement with the Center for the Advanced Study of India, University of Pennsylvania
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

All you wanted to know about: Round-trippingA weekly column that puts the fun into learning
November 3, 2014:  
Recent events such as the Supreme Court forcing the Government to divulge the list of Swiss account-holders and the Prime Minister’s grandstanding that he intends to bring back every penny of black money is whipping up emotions, and calls to bring back the money stashed overseas are getting louder.
The ire against black money is justified as this is money that has evaded tax or was obtained in an illegal manner or is attempting to escape from a legitimate transfer to another entity. While some money that was taken overseas is still locked away in the secret Swiss vaults or other overseas assets, a large chunk of the money has already come back to the country through a process called round-tripping.
What is it?
The term ‘round-tripping’ is self-explanatory. It denotes a trip where a person or thing returns to the place from where the journey began. In the context of black money, it leaves the country through various channels such as inflated invoices, payments to shell companies overseas, the hawala route and so on. After cooling its heels overseas for a while, this money returns in a freshly laundered form; thus completing a round-trip.
This route is far from simple or straightforward. Those indulging in this game are past masters who make the money flow through multiple layers consisting of many entities and companies.
How does the money return to India? It could be invested in offshore funds that in turn invest in Indian assets. The Global Depository Receipts (GDR) and Participatory Notes (P-Notes) are some of the other routes that have been used in the past.
Why is it important?
We need to take note of such fund movement since many listed companies appear to be involved in these activities. SEBI had recently issued a notice against listed firms including United Spirits, GMR, Unitech and Sterlite for investing in group companies through a foreign account held with UBS. The companies are alleged to have indulged in stock price manipulation and insider trading through this route.
Another high-profile case in 2009 involved the Reliance ADAG group that was alleged to have manipulated the shares of Reliance Communication through a multi-layered transaction involving shell companies, P-Notes and prominent international investment banks.
Why should I care?
If a company is under the regulator’s radar for round-tripping allegations, it implies the possibility of poor corporate governance. You might want to think twice about putting your money into such stocks.
A chunk of the foreign portfolio funds that flows in to stock markets is purported to be dressed-up black money. If a witch-hunt for black money and its sources ensues, it does not bode well for the ongoing rally, as much of it is driven by the liquidity generated from foreign portfolio investors.
The bottomline
It is alright to root for those trying to bring the black money back. The exchequer stands to gain by the tax that can finally be levied on this money and it might deter others who might be hatching similar plans.
But in a lighter vein, the Government should perhaps encourage round-tripping; that appears to be a far easier way to get the money back. And it can save us from the rhetoric.
A weekly column that puts the fun into learning
Recent events such as
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Forget Mozart  companies prefer a steady SalieriNovember 3, 2014 12:02 pm
Forget Mozart, companies now prefer a steady Salieri as CEO
Herminia Ibarra
The pendulum seems to be swinging away from egocentric, inspirational stagecraft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/760e6d80-6123-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cracks in the Brics are starting to showCracks in the Brics start to show
Gideon Rachman
A shared feeling that the west has run things for too long masks deep divergences in world views
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9dcc565e-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan has no alternative to reflationKuroda sticks to his inflationary promises
Japan has no alternative to the strategy of reflating the economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b963032-635a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miliband puts impulse before strategyEd Miliband’s policies are more impulse than strategy
Janan Ganesh
Labour leader is authentically leftwing, and was only ever going to seek a leftwing path to power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b254d0b0-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will bring back black money  says Narendra ModiSpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
Finance minister Arun Jaitley says the Congress does not want evidence to come out in black money cases. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: The consequences of not signing the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Fatca) with the US will be “disastrous” for India and its economy, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Sunday, while stressing the need to disclose information about individuals with alleged black money only in cases where a chargesheet has been filed in a court of law following the launch of criminal proceedings.
In a Facebook post titled “Confidentiality clauses and the battle for tracing black money outside India”, Jaitley defended the government’s stand and its plans to trace black money without violating confidentiality clauses under the various tax treaties that India has with other countries.
India’s ability to strictly adhere to confidentiality clauses will be crucial for it to meet the 31 December deadline for signing Fatca. The Act requires foreign financial institutions (FFIs) to make disclosures about American taxpayers to US authorities but contains confidentiality clauses to protect this mandatory exchange of information.
If India does not sign Fatca within stipulated time period, all Indian financial institutions dealing with US taxpayers may be subject to a 30% withholding tax.
“FATCA mandates the deduction and withholding of tax equal to 30% on a US source payment to recalcitrant FIIs or FFIs in non-compliant countries which do not meet with the requirements of FATCA…. The consequences of not signing the agreement with US under FATCA would be disastrous,” Jaitley said.
“It will negate the efforts being undertaken by our government to revive the Indian economy. The Reserve Bank of India has already informed the Government of India about the serious and adverse consequences of non-compliance of FATCA by India,” he said.
The Indian government was forced to disclose names of 627 account holders to Supreme Court—names that India had got from the French government—after the apex court directed the government to disclose such information.
The court has since forwarded the information to the special investigation team (SIT) constituted by the new government to investigate alleged black money held by Indians in foreign banks.
The government is awaiting clarity from the apex court on confidentiality before signing Fatca. Last month, in Berlin, India did not sign an agreement on automatic sharing of information due to a lack of clarity on confidentiality clauses and their validity under Indian laws.
Jaitley defended the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government’s track record on black money, saying the government “will continue to support the SIT fully and unequivocally in search of truth”.
He added that the issue is not whether but when disclosure can be made.
“A disclosure in violation of tax treaties helps the account holder. The reciprocating state would treat this as a violation of a tax treaty and refuse to provide any evidence in support of the unauthorized account. In fact, a premature disclosure would additionally alert the account holder to prepare some documentation or a sham defence. It may even enable him to destroy evidence,” he said.
Taking a swipe at the opposition Congress party, Jaitley said the party does not want evidence to appear in these black money cases.
“Notwithstanding its clarity, why should someone with adequate understanding of the subject, demand a disclosure in violation of the treaty. The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses,” he said.
Some names in the list submitted to the apex court are believed to be of Congress leaders and their kin.
“The focus of the government should be on doing effective investigation rather than on disclosure of information. The Indian tax department gets a lot of information from various governments but it is not necessary that everyone has done something wrong,” said Rahul Garg, leader of direct tax practice at consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers .
He pointed out that not signing Fatca will adversely impact many financial transactions. “The remittances from the US will suffer from a high deduction in the US, which will be detrimental to all financial transactions,” Garg said.

A new wave of investment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52cc338e-633f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politicians discuss changes to Oslos $860bn sovereign wealth fund that would see it pull out of fossil fuels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52cc338e-633f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Breaking Big Oil s Gripreddit
Oil prices have dipped lately. In the short term, that's probably good news (unless you're an oil company or a petrostate). If we look at the big picture, though, it's a lot less relevant. That's because oil prices don't reflect the true costs of extracting and burning oil any more than donut prices reflect what a steady diet of crullers will do to your waistline. Eat enough donuts and your health will suffer, regardless of how much you paid for them. Likewise, the more oil we consume, the worse the consequences will be for our climate, our environment, and our democracy. High prices simply add insult to the ongoing injury.
Unfortunately, though, the real costs of oil aren't just keeping pace with our oil use -- they're outstripping it. The oil industry's increasing reliance on risky, high-carbon, extreme sources like tar sands, fracking, and Arctic and deepwater drilling means that we're paying an ever-steeper price -- not just in dollars, but in disasters. On top of that, it's clear by now that, unchecked, Big Oil will stay on this destructive course like an out-of-control automaton. If we let them, oil industry executives will keep drilling long past the point where the planet as we know it can recover.
And let's stop right there, because we are not going to let that happen.
What's more, the oil industry knows it. They know that people don't trust them. They know that people don't like being forced to depend on oil for transportation. And, most important of all, they know that people have the power to move our country beyond oil for good.
They know it's possible because they can already see us doing it. We are loosening oil's grip, and we're doing it from two different sides: supply and demand.
On the supply side, our organizing is already keeping fossil fuels in the ground. We're relentlessly challenging the oil industry's attempts to exploit high-risk and pollution-intensive oil reserves. Have you taken action to oppose construction of the Keystone XL pipeline to transport dirty tar sands oil? Then you've already directly affected the economic viability of that disastrous energy source. A new analysis from the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis and Oil Change International found that tar sands producers lost more than $17 billion in revenue between 2010 and 2013 as the result of citizen protests . We haven't completely stopped tar sands development (yet), but we but we are well on the way to ensuring that it is one of the first forms of extreme oil to become nonviable as we shift away from oil entirely.
And that's just one of many fights here and around the world to stop irresponsible drilling for  dirty fuels .
At the same time (and this is part of the reason for the current decline in oil prices), we're reducing the demand for oil. As The Economist recently put it: "Energy-saving ideas will not suddenly be uninvented." Standards for more-efficient vehicles and consumer adoption of technologies like electric cars and more-efficient engines aren't going away, regardless of what happens to oil prices. Every single thing we do to promote clean energy and sustainable transportation solutions (like renewable energy, electric vehicles, transit, and walkable/bikeable communities) permanently ratchets down the use of oil in our economy. And as I've said before, once we break up with dirty fuels, there's no way we're getting back together.
Want to really keep oil executives up at night? Check out the Sierra Club's new "Pick a Plug-In" website to find out whether a full-battery or plug-in-hybrid electric vehicle makes sense for you. The U.S. already has more than a quarter million EVs on its roads and, this past fall, the fourth annual National Drive Electric Week drew more than 90,000 people to events in 150 cities and 39 states. Governors, mayors, senators, and city councillors from all over the nation participated and announced initiatives that will put even more EVs on the road.
If you do end up behind the wheel of one of those EVs, you'll join the thousands who've discovered that driving one is not only cleaner and quieter but also way more fun. At the very least, you'll have one less reason to worry about the price of oil.
Follow Michael Brune on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bruneski
More:

DMRC chief visits Vizag to study metro rail projectVizag too will have metro rail; to cover 30 km in first phase
Ch R S Sarma
Sreedharan, Principal Advisor to AP Government on Metro Rail projects with VUDA in-charge Vice-Chairman MV Seshagiri Babu and Municipal Commissioner M Janaki in Visakhapatnam. - CV SUBRAHMANYAM
E. Sridharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. (file photo)
Detailed project report soon
Visakhapatnam, Nov 4:  
The proposed Visakhapatnam metro rail project will cover 30 km in the first phase and the detailed project report will be prepared in a few months, according to E. Sridharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.
Sridharan has also been appointed by the Andhra Pradesh Government as adviser to the three metro rail projects to be taken up in the State at Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati.
On Tuesday, he held a meeting with the officials of the Viskahapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA), the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC), the AP Transport Department, railway officials and others to discuss the project. Earlier, Sreedharan had held a similar meeting with the officials in Vijayawada in September.
Later, he told reporters that "the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, Mr N Chandra Babu Naidu, is very keen on getting the two metro rail projects started at Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam and getting them completed in a span of three to four years. First, we have to prepare the DPRs for the two projects."
Project details
He said the proposed third metro rail project in the State would be taken up later after the completion of the projects. The idea was to take up Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam metro projects more or less simultaneously and finish them. The cost could also be reduced to an extent by 15 per cent or so, he added.
The Vizag metro would cover the railway station, central bus station and the business district. The Vijayawada metro would cover 27 km in the first phase. There was no need to link Guntur in the first phase.
He said special purpose vehicles would have to floated for both the metro rail projects. On the question of the project cost and which agency would take up the projects, he said these issues would have to decided later.
Sreedharan said in a lighter vein that though he was a former student of Andhra University he had not picked up enough Telugu to converse comfortably in the language. He later visited the railway station, bus station and other places in the city along with a team of experts and officials.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

European shares set to extend lossesEuropean shares gain ground as oil prices extend fall
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Nov 4:  
European shares gained ground and core bond yields dipped on Tuesday following a raft of company trading updates, bucking a more muted trend in Asia and the United States as oil prices extended their fall and economic growth fears lingered.
US crude oil was trading down by more than $1 at $77.61 a barrel, while Brent crude futures also fell to $83.66, extending losses after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut prices to the United States.
BoJ stimulus expansion
The after-effects of the Bank of Japan’s surprise stimulus move last week were also still being felt, with the dollar taking a breather but still near multi-year highs against the yen and euro and with raised expectations that the ECB will eventually have to adopt quantitative easing.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index was up 0.4 per cent at 0750 GMT after Spain’s Banco Santander reported a jump in third-quarter net profit and German luxury carmaker BMW AG said its third-quarter operating profit came in ahead of expectations.
Reporting season
The European reporting season is not turning into the rout investors feared, with cost cuts helping to deliver earnings in line with or ahead of downbeat forecasts.
The mood, nevertheless, remained far from euphoric in the wake of disappointing economic signals from China, where data on Monday showed manufacturing activity hit a five-month low, as well as downbeat euro zone manufacturing PMI numbers.
“Earnings have been better than expected overall and this is offsetting the bad macro data seen in Europe lately,’’ said Alexandre Baradez, chief market analyst at IG France.
“The dollar is on the rise again, and investors are starting to price in the impact that the lower euro will have on exporters’ profits but also on the euro zone economic growth in the long-term.’’
Asian stocks
Asian stocks dipped on Tuesday as the latest signs of slower growth in China and the euro zone dampened the mood, although Japan bucked the trend and rose to new seven-year highs on the back of the monetary-stimulus momentum.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 per cent.
Tokyo’s Nikkei was up 2.7 per cent after advancing to a peak last touched in October 2007, boosted by the yen’s continuing weakness. Japanese financial markets were closed on Monday for a public holiday.
“Investors who missed the initial move are positioning themselves for the next lurch higher,’’ said Raiko Shareef, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand.
Yen’s weakness
Repercussions from the yen’s broad depreciation were felt in South Korea, where exporters extended losses on worries that a softer Japanese currency would erode their price competitiveness relative to Japanese rivals. South Korean shares were down 0.9 per cent.
The Australian dollar was up 0.5 per cent at $0.8724 as the US dollar ceded some ground against its peers. Overall reaction to the Reserve Bank of Australia’s widely anticipated decision to leave rates unchanged was limited.
The central bank refrained from stepping up its warnings about a strong currency, which lifted the Aussie slightly.
The Malaysian ringgit was near a nine-month low against the dollar on worries over lower oil prices hurting the country's economic fundamentals.
It recovered some of its losses, with the central bank suspected of intervening to support the currency, though that gave investors a chance to unload the ringgit.
“We cannot fight the (US dollar). We have US jobs data this week, which is another USD positive factor,’’ said a senior Malaysian bank trader in Kuala Lumpur.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Cabinet clears proposal to dissolve Delhi AssemblyCentre clears dissolution of Delhi Assembly
A M Jigeesh
BJP, AAP spar over chief minister candidate
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
With the Union Cabinet endorsing the proposal by Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung to hold fresh elections in the State, both the BJP and the AAP began a verbal war over the chief ministerial candidate. While the AAP said the next elections would decide who should be the Chief Minister — Arvind Kejriwal or BJP’s Jagdish Mukhi — the BJP retorted by saying it would fight the elections without a chief ministerial candidate. The Congress, while welcoming fresh elections, is yet to decide who will head its poll campaign.
As the Cabinet has recommended the dissolution of the Delhi Assembly, elections can be held within six months. There are indications that the elections will be held early next year.
Jung had recommended that the House be dissolved after meeting the three major parties — BJP, AAP and Congress — on Monday.
Thanking the Supreme Court for ensuring justice for the people, the AAP said it took more than eight months for the Centre and the LG to take a decision. Kejriwal said State BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar had created a formula of buying MLAs to make a government. “We defeated that formula not once, but four times,” he said.
The AAP leaders said the fight will be between Kejriwal and Mukhi, as the BJP has no credible face other than the latter. The party criticised the BJP for not projecting a CM candidate.
“Mukhi can’t win them the majority, so the leaderless BJP has no option but not to declare a CM candidate. The same BJP used to criticise the UPA for not declaring a PM candidate. This only proves that BJP and Congress are two faces of the same coin,” said an AAP statement.
When asked why this election will not be a contest between him and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Kejriwal quipped that it is because Modi would not resign as Prime Minister and contest Delhi elections.
Communal hatred
The AAP also accused the BJP of spreading communal hatred with an eye on the vote bank. “We shall resist this by the help of our ‘Aman Samiti’, which will try to bring together all religious groups and promote communal harmony,” the party said.
State BJP president Satish Upadhyay said his party will fight the elections collectively.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Moscow cracks down on Crimeas TatarsNovember 4, 2014 7:20 am
History repeats itself as Moscow cracks down on Crimea’s Tatars
Kathrin Hille – Crimea
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fb85596-636c-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Santander profits jump after UK boostSantander profits jump in first results under Ana Botín
Thomas Hale in Madrid and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/862f3dae-6400-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Watch unlikely to be launched before March 2015'Apple Watch unlikely to be launched before March 2015'
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 10:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Apple retail Senior Vice President Angela Ahrendts, with the former head of Burberry, reportedly confirmed that Apple Watch , the tech company's smartwatch will not be launched until March 20, 2015.
Apple CEO Tim Cook earlier said that technology enthusiasts would use it so much that they would end up charging it daily. However, Cook's statement had fuelled speculations about the smartwatch's battery life as it has been a key concern for the tech giant ever since the watch was unveiled on September 9.
Although Apple is confident that their watch will be received well by users, yet uncertainties about the gadget's battery life persist. Many other smartwatches in the market have similar issues with their battery life, reported CNET.
The Apple Watch will bring alerts and notifications directly to the user's wrist and will also act as a health tracker and a Walkie Talkie.

Millstein hires Rothschild bankerMillstein hires Rothschild restructuring banker
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c4a540d8-63e7-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Starbucks says India success exceeds expectationsYou are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks expects India to be among its top five markets
Shambhavi Anand & Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
American coffee chain
(Tata Starbucks, a 50:50…)
NEW DELHI: Starbucks Coffee, the world's largest coffeehouse chain, expects India to be among its top five markets as it looks to continue expanding its operations in the country. "India is a strategic market and one day it will be among our top five markets," said John Culver , group president , Starbucks China and Asia Pacific, who was in India to mark the Seattle-based company's two years in operations in the country.
"We are very optimistic about the market in India where the response has been tremendous for the last two years," Culver told ET.
Besides expanding its presence in the country, Starbucks also plans to export locally sourced coffee to select stores in other Asian countries and sell it online in the United States. The coffee, known as the 'Indian Estates Blend' coffee, was launched last year on the completion of the brand's one year in the country.
Tata Starbucks Ltd, a 50:50 joint venture between Starbucks and Tata Global Beverages , currently operate 59 stores in six cities including Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Chennai and Hyderabad. It has 1,000 employees.
In 2012, the joint venture said it will earmark $80 million initial investment to open 50 stores in the country.
Culver declined to comment on future investment and the number of stores it plans to open, but said India is a longterm market for Starbucks.
India's coffee retailing market is estimated at more than Rs 1,700 crore and is growing over 20% a year. Established players in the market include Cafe Coffee Day, Barista and Costa Coffee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boehringer Ingelheim strengthens local strategy for prescription medicinesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Boehringer firms up strategy for prescription drugs
PT Jyothi Datta
Allan Hillgrove, Member of the Board of Managing Director, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Sharad Tyagi, Managing Director, BI (India), during an interview with BusinessLine in Mumbai. - PAUL NORONHA
To bring cancer medicines in 2015
Mumbai, Nov 4:  
Drugmaker Boehringer Ingelheim is not unduly distracted by the clamour in global circles over India’s track-record on protecting intellectual property.
The privately-owned German company is formalising its India strategy for prescription medicine, and expects to bring its cancer drugs into the country next year, says Allan Hillgrove, member of BI’s Board of Managing Directors.
Hillgrove heads BI’s prescription medicines, marketing and sales on the corporate board and is on his first visit to India.
With the strategy focussed on medicines to treat diabetes, heart-ailments and cancer, Hillgrove says, BI will have an “India-friendly” pricing that will reflect the local populations’ ability to pay.
There is no formula for its local pricing, he says, but agrees it would be around the levels (about 25 percent of the price in a developed market) that some multinationals have adopted in low-income countries.
Among the cancer drugs expected to be brought into India is Afatinib, targeting non small cell lung cancer, said Sharad Tyagi, BI (India) Managing Director.
Pointing out that the diabetes and cancer medicines were patent protected, Hillgrove says, the focus is on innovative products and the international product pipeline.
Timing and challenges
So BI does not seem to be distracted by criticism that India was not doing enough to protect intellectual property?
“We are not being distracted by it. Everyone’s aware of it,” says Hillgrove. “But no, we see innovative products including in India as being core to the future of the pharma industry. As long as we continue as a company and industry to bring innovations and continue to provide health benefits to society then we think the pharmaceutical industry is a good place to be,” he adds.
Explaining the company’s timing to formalise its prescription medicines strategy, Hillgrove says, India is a market of “increasing importance and (is) proportionally important, as well”.
Besides the potential presented by a 1.2 billion population and its adoption of quality healthcare that uses patented and other medicines, there was also the slowing down seen in major pharma markets like Europe.
“So it’s not only that emerging markets like India are growing quite strongly, it’s also that some of the other markets for various reason contract.”
On IP concerns being raised by other multinationals, Hillgrove reasons, there are on going efforts to strengthen IP protection in India. “Compulsory licensing (CL) is a topic that is a limited topic to date, but is a concern to where that could go in future, but that doesn’t change the fact that India is a very attractive market,” he adds.
A CL allows a third party to make its less-expensive version of an innovative product on the payment of royalty, in the interest of making the medicine affordable to more people. But the issue is contentious, as innovators argue against it, on the grounds that they invest heavily in research, which has long timelines before a product actually makes it to the market.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

US Trade Deficit Expands in SeptemberThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

The origins of the Zivotofsky disclaimerBy Eugene Kontorovich November 4
Justice Anthony Kennedy o pened oral arguments in Zivitofsky v. Kerry yesterday by asking the plaintiff’s lawyer, Alyza Lewin, if the president could put a statement on passports that says:
This designation [of Jerusalem as a place in Israel] is neither an acknowledgment nor a declaration by the Department of State or the President of the United States that Jerusalem is within the borders of the State of Israel.
Lewin agreed that Congress could add such a disclaimer. The disclaimer option negates any suspicion that the president’s compliance with the Jerusalem passport law represents a change in the U.S. position on Israel. It undermines the argument that the Executive is being forced by Congress to say take a foreign policy position.
Kennedy raised the issue again with the Solicitor General, who also agreed that a disclaimer could be added. He contended that it would “not solve the problem because the issuance of the disclaimer is a credibility hit.” That sounds like rather general hand-waving. A potential “credibility hit” does not invalidate proper legislation. Moreover, one would think such a statement would enhance the Executive’s credibility abroad: he would be standing by his policy on Jerusalem despite congressional pressure and an unfavorable Supreme Court ruling. That is the stuff credibility is made of.
The idea of such a disclaimer actually originates with the Executive branch itself (thus Dahlia Lithwick is wrong to describe it as “a strange compromise” floated by Kennedy).
The Executive adopted such a disclaimer in response to an earlier law allowing “Taiwan” to be designated as a place of birth, despite the U.S. not recognizing it. In response to the law, the State Department changed its Foreign Affairs Manual to allow for such a designation, and put it the following note in a big box for emphasis:
NOTE: The United States does not officially recognize Taiwan as a “state” or “country,” although passport issuing officers may enter “Taiwan” as a place of birth.
The addition of the disclaimer greatly undermines claims that the Taiwan passport law is easily distinguishable from the Jerusalem one. Those arguments hold that because of the U.S.’s “One China” policy, listing Taiwan would not be interpreted as a recognition. Yet the addition of the disclaimer suggests concerns about foreign perception were at play with Taiwan.
(The One China rebutall is also incoherent on its own terms. It assumes that listing Taiwan would not be interpreted as a change in that policy. One could just as easily say no one will be confused by designating “Israel” for Jerusalem because of the U.S.’s well-known no-sovereign-in-Jerusalem policy.)
Indeed, the Executive already uses such disclaimers for Israel in a publication of an Executive agency, the National Bureau of Geographic names, which refers to “Jerusalem, Israel. ” So the disclaimer is a known tool, used by the Executive in various contexts to enable talking about places in descriptively convenient ways without making it into a recognition issue.
The disclaimer was discussed in briefs, as well as by plaintiff’s counsel the last time the case went to the Court in 2011. I discussed the possibility of even putting it on the passport in a post last week as in illustration of how the law does not proven the Executive from maintaining its foreign policy.
This is not a comprise so much as a proof that Congress is not hijacking the Executive’s ability to maintain a recognition power, and that the birth place on the passport does not constitute a recognition.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Air pollution reduced wheat crop in India by 50%Hi Guest
Air pollution reduced wheat crop in India by 50%
Air pollution seems to have a direct, negative impact on grain production in India, a study warned on Monday, with recent increases in smog decreasing projected yields by half. Analysing 30 years of data, scientists developed a statistical model suggesting that air pollution caused wheat yields in densely populated states to be 50 per cent lower than what they could have been in 2010. Up to 90 per cent of the decrease in potential food production seems linked to smog, made up of black carbon ...

Torrent Power posts Rs 23 cr profit in Sept quarterHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Torrent Power posts Rs 23 cr profit in Sept quarter
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
Torrent Power today reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 23.07 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
It had posted a net loss of Rs 29.29 crore in the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total income of the company increased to Rs 2,783.74 crore during the July—September quarter of the current financial year from Rs 2,320.41 crore in the same quarter last year.
On a standalone basis, the company posted a net profit of Rs 57 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, against a loss of Rs 26.07 crore for the same quarter of last year.
Total income, on standalone basis, increased to Rs 2,746.84 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 from Rs 2,298 crore in the same period of last fiscal.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 163.80, down 0.43 per cent on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Q&A: US tech companies and terrorism© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a563b00-641a-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Liberal economy is key to a free MyanmarNovember 4, 2014 1:15 pm
Economic transformation is the key to a free Myanmar
Foreign governments can help by promoting trade and investment, writes Thant Myint-U
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9f2a9a8-6378-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Stocks Open Lower; Falling Oil Weighs on EnergyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Theres no accounting for (or trademarking of) tasteBy David Post November 4
In the 1995 case of Qualitex v. Jacobson (514 US 159) the Supreme Court upheld Qualitex’ trademark in the distinctive green-gold color of its dry-cleaning pads,
Both the language of the [federal trademark] Act and the basic underlying principles of trademark law would seem to include color within the universe of things that can qualify as a trademark. The language of the Lanham Act describes that universe in the broadest of terms. It says that trademarks “include any word, name, symbol, or device, or any combination thereof.” § 1127. Since human beings might use as a “symbol” or “device” almost anything at all that is capable of carrying meaning, this language, read literally, is not restrictive. The courts and the Patent and Trademark Office have authorized for use as a mark a particular shape (of a Coca-Cola bottle), a particular sound (of NBC’s three chimes), and even a particular scent (of plumeria blossoms on sewing thread). If a shape, a sound, and a fragrance can act as symbols why, one might ask, can a color not do the same?
Although color does not ordinarily serve as a “source-identifier” for consumers, signalling (the way that a distinctive name or logo does) that a product comes from a particular manufacturer/distributor  (which would qualify it for trademark protection), in the right circumstances it can do so.  And if a shape, a sound, a fragrance, and a color can act as a trademark, why not a product’s distinctive taste?  
Russo’s New York Pizzeria (interestingly enough, a pizza chain based in Texas – perhaps New York City itself might have a trademark infringement claim against the chain for misleading consumers about the “source” of the pizza?) made that very claim in a suit against rival pizza-maker Gina’s Italian Kitchen – that by replicating the distinctive taste of its pizza, Gina’s infringed NYP’s trademark.
Fortunately, the district court in SD Texas dismissed the claim (describing it, using an inevitable double entendre, as “half-baked”).   New York Pizzeria, Inc. v. Syal , 3:13-CV-335 (S.D. Tex. Oct. 20, 2014).  Taste, the court held, is usually a “functional” feature of restaurant food – that is, it “affects the cost or quality” of the product being sold – and functional product features are not protectable as trademarks. Trademark law allows firms to protect their reputations (and to use marks to obtain reputation-related advantages in the marketplace); it’s not designed to regulate competition among products with respect to other features that are not reputation-signalling.  Like the taste — even if that taste is “distinctive” – of pizza.  
It’s a silly little case – though as Eric Goldman nicely put it , “In my world, ridiculous intellectual property overclaims aren’t very funny,” because they occasionally lead to ridiculous law.  But at least the court got it right; a world in which food distributors could start suing rivals for infringing their distinctive flavors would be a horrorshow indeed.  Note that the ruling doesn’t go so far as to say that flavor can never be trademarkable – one can at least imagine products whose taste actually is not a functional feature of the product — distinctively-flavored coatings on pencils (for those who like to chew on them), or distinctively-flavored stamp or envelope glue – that could, I suppose, still qualify as trademarks (the way that the color of Qualitex’ press pads did).  But at least we are spared the more absurd results that would have followed from a ruling that the taste of a product that is distributed as food can be the basis for an infringement claim.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Speciality Restaurants opens new  Zoodle  restaurantSpeciality Restaurants opens new  Zoodle  restaurant
Poroshenko threatens to cancel new lawUkraine president calls for disputed poll to be annulled
Neil Buckley in London, Roman Olearchyk in Kiev and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c5d0380-6429-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Risk-taker Branson battles to protect Virgin...Post Galactic's SpaceShipTwo crash, Richard Branson battles to protect Virgin brand
AP Nov 4, 2014, 08.19PM IST
Tags:
Entrepreneurism
(The British entrepreneur…)
LONDON: Richard Branson knows how to handle business setbacks, but he is now battling to protect the Virgin empire's image following the test flight crash of his flagship space tourism venture.
The British entrepreneur is fighting to stop the fatal explosion that brought down Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo charring his sprawling Virgin Group, which encompasses more than 400 companies in multiple sectors.
Risk-taking has always been part of Branson's business entrepreneurism and personal adventurism.
"Pushing the bounds of knowledge and possibility comes with unavoidable risk," Branson said after Friday's crash.
The 64-year-old tycoon had hoped to take the first commercial flight, planned for four months' time.
British newspaper The Times said Tuesday that Branson was facing the damaging accusation "that his pioneering space tourism company had become a triumph of public relations with an unproven and potentially lethal spacecraft attached".
Financial Times writer John Gapper said Branson was both a "risk-taking, publicity-seeking adventurer" and a "hard-headed private entrepreneur" and it was "foolish" of him to have mixed up these personas in Virgin Galactic.
Branson's biographer Tom Bower warned that the tycoon's personal standing -- so often indelibly intertwined with his investments -- was now on the line.
"Branson heading for space was going to be the Last Great Hurrah for the Virgin Superman, confirming the genius of the Virgin brand and embellishing the myth of Branson the Superhero," he wrote in the Daily Mail newspaper.
"Instead of global glory, Branson is now scrabbling for survival. Not only is his Virgin brand at risk, so too is his personal reputation."
Branson has bounced back from business failures in the past, including Virgin Brides, Virgin Cola and Virgin Megastores.
But he is already facing hostile press in Britain for relocating to the British Virgin Islands tax haven, where he has owned a paradise island getaway since 1978.
Shy in person and hesitant when speaking, Branson -- dyslexic, and twice married with two surviving children -- has built a vast business empire.
A knight of the realm, The Sunday Times newspaper's Rich List 2014 ranks him the 23rd-richest person in Britain, with a £3.6 billion ($5.8 billion, 4.6 billion euro) fortune.
Virgin Group encompasses companies dealing in everything from trains, wines and music labels, to mobile phones, airlines and banking.
Branson's typical modus operandi is to throw the Virgin name into existing markets as a fresh, upstart rival offering better customer service.
Few of Branson's ventures have been launched without some attention-grabbing publicity stunt featuring the boss himself.
Branson began young, launching a student-aimed magazine while still at private school before setting up Virgin Records aged just 20.
His breakthrough came with "Tubular Bells", a 1973 instrumental album by British progressive rock act Mike Oldfield which sold millions of copies.
The record label was sold off in 1992, but by that time Branson had already branched into aviation, setting up Virgin Atlantic in 1984 and building it into Britain's second-biggest airline.
Branson has also set a series of aviation and nautical adventure records, although he failed, despite numerous attempts, to become the first person to circumnavigate the globe non-stop in a balloon.
These exploits brought Branson close to tragedy in 1998 when he and his co-pilot had to ditch their balloon in the Pacific Ocean after low pressure forced the craft down.
Citing this, British public relations expert Mark Borkowski said the entrepreneur had handled crises before and his response this time had been "textbook" and "pure Branson".
"He's come out with a very pertinent line -- I am going to go up first, with my family. You can't argue with that," Borkowski told AFP.
 
"He's not created a news vacuum: he's faced it up personally, he's tackled the difficult questions.Because the Virgin brand is still partly Branson, his ability to do it actually encloses the contagion.There are some people absolutely built for it and Branson is the master of it. When a brand can tackle a crisis, it actually has a counter-effect because it gives greater confidence throughout the brand."
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://bit.ly/1og8JNJYogurt Is the Next Weapon in the Fight Against Cancer
MIT's Sangeeta Bhatia wants to put an end to colonoscopies.
James Aitchison
November 04, 2014
We've all seen the commercials: A group of women (why is it always women?) stand around discussing how an amazing new brand of probiotic yogurt keeps them regular.
Yes, we've known for a while that yogurt not only tastes good, but has clear health benefits. And if one MIT professor has her way, everyone's favorite fermented dairy product will soon be a new weapon in the war on cancer.
Over 50,000 Americans die of colon cancer each year, and more than 50% of at-risk individuals don't get regular screenings.
Professor Sangeeta Bhatia is developing a yogurt that will provide an affordable, simple way to screen for colorectal cancer. Specifically, she has discovered a way to modify the bacteria found in yogurt, causing it to deliver synthetic molecules into a patient's renal system.
Once inside the body, these molecules can be broken down by certain cancer-related enzymes, passed through the kidneys, and expelled in urine. The urine can then be tested for signs of cancer in a procedure not unlike current pregnancy tests.
Over 50,000 Americans die of preventable colon cancer each year, and according to the American Cancer Society, over 50% of at-risk individuals don't get regular screenings. It's not surprising: Anyone who's ever been subjected to a colonoscopy can tell you how invasive and uncomfortable they can be.
With any luck, this new process will soon become a reality and make the screening not only less painful, but also considerably less expensive.
Hero Image: Flickr user "geishabot" (CC BY 2.0)
Fage Total Greek Yogurt, (500g) 17.6oz
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

http://usat.ly/1tWRwcRFeds move to close no-hospital coverage loophole
Experts say no hospital coverage defied idea and intent of ACA.
Post to Facebook
Feds move to close no-hospital coverage loophole Experts say no hospital coverage defied idea and intent of ACA. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tWRwcR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
33
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Feds move to close no-hospital coverage loophole
Jayne O'Donnell , USA TODAY 4:58 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Loopholes in the Affordable Care Act allow employer-provided health Insurance plans that lack hospital benefits.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
264 CONNECT 57 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 33 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Federal regulators Tuesday announced plans to close a loophole in the Affordable Care Act that allows large employers to offer plans that don't cover in-patient hospital stays.
USA TODAY reported Monday that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services would do so.
To meet the ACA's "minimum value" test, health plans for individuals and those working for smaller employers must include coverage within at least 10 categories of "essential health benefits" that include maternity care, prescription drugs and hospitalization.The health care law is much more stringent about what health insurance must cover for these people than it is for those working at large employers.
Feds to require big companies to cover hospitalization
Plans that cap the number of hospital visits or offer no hospital coverage were believed to pass the ACA's minimum value test if other coverage for doctors and prescription drugs was generous enough. But CMS is proposing that employers have to offer at least one plan that meets the minimum value test.
These plans were expected to appeal most to low-income workers because of lower premiums, but experts warned they could leave them without important coverage when they need it most.
The proposed amendments to ACA regulations would take effect in 2015, meaning some employees could still be offered these plans. But the CMS guidance says these employees could still go to the federal or state exchanges and buy plans with subsidies as the plans don't meet the minimum value.
Tell us your healthcare experience at healthinsurance@usatoday.com
264 CONNECT 57 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 33 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tWRwcR
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Alibaba mobile shift driving results: Proalibaba mobile shift driving results: pro
My Forbes op ed on the problem of political ignoranceYesterday, I published an op ed on the problem of political ignorance at the Forbes website. Here’s an excerpt:
On Tuesday, we will have an important election that determines which party controls the House and Senate. Yet most Americans have very little understanding of the issues they will soon decide at the polls. A recent Annenberg Public Policy Center poll finds that only 38% of Americans know that the Republican Party currently controls the House of Representatives, and a similar number know that the Democrats control the Senate….
Political ignorance is not caused by lack of information. Thanks to the internet, information is easier to find than ever. Yet studies show that today’s voters are about as ignorant as those of the pre-internet era. Most such ignorance is actually rational. When your only incentive to acquire political knowledge is to make better voting decisions, remaining ignorant makes good sense. No matter how well-informed you are, the probability that your vote will change the outcome of an election is tiny—only one in 60 million in a presidential election, for example. Though few know the exact odds, people have an intuitive sense that there is little payoff to studying political issues, and act accordingly….
The dangers of political ignorance can be mitigated by making more of our decisions by “voting with our feet,” and fewer at the ballot box. People vote with their feet when they choose which local government to live under, or make decisions in the private sector. “Foot voters” have powerful incentives to seek out relevant information and use it wisely, because they know that their decisions matter. Most of us spend more time seeking out information when we decide what new television to buy than on deciding who should be our next president…. [W]e devote more effort to the former choice because we know it will actually make a difference, whereas the latter almost certainly will not.
I should note that the title of the op ed “What No One Talks About During the Election Season: Voter Ignorance,” is a bit exaggerated. As is usually the case with op ed titles, I did not write it myself. Obviously, I am not literally the only commentator focusing on the problem of political ignorance at election time. Others did so long before me. But it is true that the problem gets far less attention than it deserves.
Most politicians and activists are very careful not to give any hint that the voters they are trying to woo might be ignorant. Many of the rest of us find it to blame the flaws of democracy on politicians, the media, or nefarious interest groups, rather than on the limitations of voters. These usual suspects do indeed deserve a share of blame. But their flaws would not be nearly as great in a world where voters were well-informed. In that event, lying politicians would be detected and punished at the polls, as would those who work to benefit narrow interest groups at the expense of the majority. The media would also face different and better incentives . While political ignorance is far from the only cause of political dysfunction, it greatly exacerbates the negative effects of many of the others, as well as causing harm directly.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

NCAER lowers 2014-15 GDP growth forecast to 5%NCAER lowers 2014-15 GDP growth forecast to 5%
Thermax Q2 net zooms to Rs 86 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Thermax Q2 net zooms to Rs 86 cr 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Nov 4:  
Thermax Limited has posted a net profit of Rs 86 crore during the second quarter of FY 15 versus Rs 30 crore in the same quarter of 2013, representing a rise of 186 % year on year.
Income from operations for the Pune-based energy and environment major stood at Rs 1,191 crore and Rs 1,043 crore in the two quarters being compared, showing a growth of 14%.
During the quarter under review the company’s order inflow grew by 42% to stand at Rs 1,089 crore. The order booking has been helped by improvement in the demand for its standard products in the domestic market and also project orders from the international market, Thermax said.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

United Spirits to seek shareholders nod for reporting to BIFRHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
United Spirits to seek shareholders’ nod for reporting to BIFR
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
United Spirits will seek shareholders’ approval later this month over its plans to report to BIFR, the tribunal for sick companies, following erosion of more than half of the company’s peak networth.
In a regulatory filing to the NSE, the company whose brands include Signature, Bagpiper, Antiquity and Royal Challenge, said the company would seek shareholders’ nod during the extraordinary general meeting on November 28.
The company plans to report to the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) as its accumulated losses as on March 31, 2014 have resulted in an erosion of more than fifty per cent of its peak net worth during the immediately preceding four financial years, it added.
Last month, the company’s board had approved reporting of erosion of more than half of its peak networth to BIFR.
The spirits maker had registered a string of losses for the last four years. The company is now controlled by world’s largest spirits maker Diageo, which had acquired an additional 26 per cent shares in USL for Rs 11,448.91 crore in July with an aim to take its total stake in the Indian firm to 54.78 per cent.
Last month, liquor baron Vijay Mallya was re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

No CM nominee  PM Modi to be face of BJPs Delhi campaignPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is going to be face of BJP's Delhi elections campaign. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 5:44 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:29 am
On a day when the Union Cabinet paved the way for fresh polls in the national capital after eight months of political uncertainty, the Delhi BJP announced on Tuesday that it would contest the polls without a chief ministerial candidate. Buoyed by its recent poll victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, the BJP plans to continue to seek votes in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s name.
“The party has decided to contest assembly elections under collective leadership. We believe in collective leadership, but it doesn’t mean that the party lacks good leaders. We will not declare any chief ministerial candidate,” said Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, after a party meeting to discuss poll strategy .
“We will have our party symbol, the lotus, as the face. We will contest collectively under the leadership of Narendra Modi. He is the guiding spirit of the party and we are confident of a landslide victory… Winnability is the only factor we are looking at,” said Upadhyay.
The BJP seems unwilling to take any chances by nominating a “weak leader” against AAP leader and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Instead, it is banking on the Modi factor, which ensured a massive win for the party in the Lok Sabha polls and the recent assembly elections.
“For projecting a chief ministerial candidate, a strong personality is required. We have seen what the Modi magic did in Haryana and Maharashtra. Our survey done earlier also suggested that people are still identifying the BJP with Modi and nobody else,” said a senior party leader.
Earlier in the day, the Union Cabinet, at a special meeting, decided to ratify Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung’s recommendation to dissolve the Delhi assembly.
After his meeting with BJP, AAP and Congress leaders on Monday, at which all the parties expressed their inability to form the government, Jung is learnt to have sent his report to President Pranab Mukherjee recommending dissolution of the assembly. The President, in turn, is learnt to have forwarded Jung’s recommendations to the Centre.
With the Cabinet clearing the dissolution of the assembly, the Election Commission is expected to announce dates for holding polls in Delhi. It will also cancel the recently announced bypolls to three assembly seats in Delhi.
Meanwhile, both the AAP and Congress were quick to target the BJP’s strategy. Senior AAP leader Ashutosh said the BJP was reluctant to name a CM candidate as it feared Kejriwal’s popularity.
“In the Delhi elections, time after time, they have always named their face for the elections. They are afraid of projecting a leader for fear of losing face. Why are they suddenly using the term collective leadership? Where was continued…

Refiners reluctant to hedge oil purchases: S...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Risk-averse state refiners are reluctant to follow central bank advice to hedge part of the country's $165 billion annual oil import bill, fearing administrative action if they suffer losses, refinery sources said.
Officials in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government on Monday discussed the idea, which is part of a push by Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan to make Asia's No.3 economy less vulnerable to external shocks.
India is the world's fourth-largest oil consumer and imports 3.8 million barrels per day of crude. Any spike in oil prices can drive up the current-account deficit and inflation - both chronic ills that have long hobbled India's development.
The idea of buying insurance against a possible oil price rally comes onto the agenda as oil prices touch four-year lows. But India's dominant state refiners are reluctant to hedge due to the political fallout that any wrong-way bets could trigger.
"The RBI has suggested that we should hedge our crude purchases ... I doubt state refiners will be doing it. It is very risky for them," said one source with direct knowledge of the meeting.
Further discussions could follow Monday's get-together between oil secretary Saurabh Chandra, officials from the finance ministry and Modi's cabinet secretary, the country's most senior bureaucrat, this source said.
Officials at the oil ministry, finance ministry and RBI could not be reached for comment because of a public holiday in India.
State-owned Indian Oil Corp, Bharat Petroleum Corp , Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd together control about 60 percent of India's 4.3 million bpd in refining capacity.
Privately owned competitors Reliance Industries and Essar Oil both use hedging tools to lock in costs, as and when the opportunity arises on the international market.
India wants state refiners to capitalise on falling oil prices, which at $82 a barrel for Brent crude are at their lowest since October 2010, to lock in their supply costs. Some already hedge their refining margins.
Only last month, Modi deregulated diesel prices that the prior government had subjected to state controls to blunt the impact of a previous oil rally on Indian drivers and truckers.
The policy will reduce costly fuel subsidies but also expose India's state-owned refiners to greater market risks on the refined products they sell in addition to the cost of the crude they process.
RISKY BET
A parliamentary panel last year had raised questions over state refiners' reluctance to hedge imports.
"It is a risky affair. So, at times it can work in your favour, but many times it can work against you. If it goes against you, then you are answerable to all kinds of queries," R.K. Singh, the then-chairman of Bharat Petroleum, said at the time.
Sources at refining companies said they can hedge oil purchases to the extent of their physical transactions, but unlike private refiners, they lack the flexibility and appetite to absorb losses if their bets go wrong.
"My finances will be immediately affected if we make losses in hedging ... I am already depending on government subsidies for my operations," an executive at IOC said.
Indian state refiners on average buy 80 percent of their oil import needs through term contracts and the balance through spot purchases.
Traders and private companies can absorb some of the losses and they adequately reward their staff if they make a profit, said a source at one of the state refiners.
"But for us we have two sides of the transaction -- a minus and a plus. Plus is your duty and minus is a penalty," he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Hero to enter Europe by end 2015 with hybrid scooter LeapHero to enter Europe by end 2015 with hybrid scooter Leap
JSPL Q2 net profit falls 12% to Rs 400 croreJSPL Q2 net profit falls 12% to Rs 400 crore
A celebration of Bapu in South AfricaA celebration of Bapu in South Africa
Our Bureau
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj greets South African Minister Lindiwe N Sisulu during a meeting in New Delhi. - PTI
Big plans for centenary of Mahatma, whose ideas influenced anti-apartheid movement
New Delhi, November 4:  
It was 20 years ago that South Africa got rid of the anti-apartheid regime. As part of the celebration of 20 years of freedom and democracy this year, Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu, the Minister of Human Settlements, said the country could not have come so far without the support of countries, such as India.
Sisulu said South Africa also plans to celebrate Mahatma Gandhi’s centenary next year in a big way. “He may have been born here, but it is we who made him…So if you own him, we own the better part of him,” said the African National Congress (ANC) leader, who has been a member of Parliament since 1994.
The ANC’s ideology of “passive resistance” against apartheid was, to a large extent, a reflection of the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi, she said at a media briefing here on Tuesday.
Close ties
Sisulu, who is visiting India to promote ‘Brand Africa,” termed India as one of South Africa’s ‘closest allies’ in the Asian continent, especially in economic groupings such as BRICS and IBSA. May be this is because we almost have “blood ties” as well as commonality of approach on many issues, she added. During her visit, the Minister will be meeting representatives of the construction industry, as South Africa, which has big plans for infrastructure development, such as roads, rail network and affordable housing, is keen on seeking help from Indian expertise.
Collaborative plans
“Production of satellite dishes is another area in which we are looking for support from India as we lack the required skills,” she added.
Next month, a team from the Nelson Mandela University will visit India to explore possibilities of tie-ups, especially in the field of music, said South Africa’s High Commissioner.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Higher CSR spend will have more beneficial impact on social sectorHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Higher CSR spend will have more beneficial impact on social sector
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 4:  
The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday expressed confidence that increased Corporate CSR spend will have beneficial impact on the social sector in India.
"In the first year, Corporates are going to spend Rs 14,000 crore towards CSR. This is only going to increase year-after-year as profits of corporate sector rises", Jaitley said after giving away social entrepreneur of the year award in the capital.
The spread of the CSR spend is only going to expand in the coming years, he said. Sudharshan from Karuna Trust bagged the Social Entrepreneur of the Year-India 2014 award.
The Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship and the Jubilant Bhartia Foundation are promoting social innovation in India through the annual Social Entrepreneur of the Year India awards.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Most reliable new cars Lexus and Toyota  says Consumer ReportsMost reliable new cars? Lexus and Toyota, says Consumer Reports
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000. (Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer)

Maruti s Alto K10 promises 15% more fuel efficiencyThe country's largest car maker, Maruti Suzuki India, on November 3, 2014 launched the new generation of its small car Alto K10 that comes equipped with automated gear shift and is priced up to Rs 3.82 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
ADVERTISEMENT

BJP fields 11 Muslims in KashmirNEW DELHI, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 10:10 IST
BJP fields 11 Muslims in Kashmir
Gargi Parsai
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP President Amit Shah and Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley during the party's Central Election Committee meeting for the upcoming Assembly elections, in New Delhi on Sunday.
TOPICS
regional elections
The Bharatiya Janata Party on Sunday named eleven Muslim candidates for the 47 seats in the Kashmir Valley.
Candidates were declared for 32 of the 36 seats in Jammu and two of the four seats in Ladakh for the 87-member Jammu and Kashmir Assembly.
The State goes to the polls in five phases from November 25.
Emphasis on youth, women
The party also declared candidates for 63 seats in Jharkhand. To emphasise its focus on youth and women, the party has selected 35 candidates below 45 years of age and has given tickets to six women.
In Jammu and Kashmir, the BJP is close to a tie-up with People’s Conference led by Sajjad Gani Lone, who contested 2008 polls, and has influence over five seats in North Kashmir. General secretaries J.P. Nadda and Ram Madhav are in touch with Mr. Lone.
In 2008, the BJP won 11 seats and three of six in this year’s Lok Sabha election.
Announcing the candidate list, Mr. Nadda said the party considered candidates from all sections of society for both the States.
The lone woman candidate in Kashmir is Hina Bhat, who will contest from Amirakadal. Hakim Masood has been fielded from Hazratbal while Sofi Yousaf will contest from Pahalgam.
In Jharkhand, the former Chief Minister, Arjun Munda, has been fielded from Kharsawan, a ST-reserved seat, while national vice-president Raghuvar Das will contest from Jamshedpur East.
A woman candidate, Luis Marandi, will contest from Dumka, the home turf of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha chief Sibu Soren. Satyanand Jha, a former Minister, will contest from Nala while four-time MLA and the former Speaker, C.P. Singh, will contest from Ranchi.
Although the BJP’s tie-up with Sudesh Mahato’s All-Jharkhand Students Union is not finalised yet, sources said the party had not declared candidates from some of the seats where Mr. Mahato wields influence. The party may also share a couple of seats with the Lok Janshakti Party.
The Central Election Commission, chaired by BJP president Amit Shah, also considered the names for three Lok Sabha seats in Delhi on which by-elections will be held but declared no names.
PM present at meeting
Delhi State President Satish Upadhaya and State ‘prabhari’ Prabhat Jha were also present at the meeting, attended among others by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Investing: Dividend champs off the beaten track0
BD (Becton, Dickinson) (symbol BDX)Share price: $127Dividend yield: 1.9 percentDividend streak: 42 years
BD makes syringes, IV catheters and other garden-variety medical supplies, and now has operations in more than 50 countries. Recently, quarterly overseas revenues increased 6 percent (adjusted for currency fluctuations) from the same period a year earlier. U.S. revenues rose only 2.8 percent. Analysts believe BD's earnings will rise 9 percent in both 2015 and 2016. That should provide ample space to increase the dividend. Indeed, over the past five years, BD has ratcheted up its dividend at an average rate of 11 percent annually.
T. Rowe Price (TROW)Share price: $75Dividend yield: 2.2 percentDividend streak: 28 years
You've probably heard of mutual fund giant T. Rowe Price, but you may not think of Price as a steady dividend-raiser. Yet, the company increased its dividend by 16 percent in 2014. Price's large and growing retirement-account business -- as of 2013, it was the third-largest provider in the U.S. of target-date funds -- should help drive steady earnings growth, which analysts see climbing 18 percent this year and 10 percent in 2015.
VF Corp. (VFC)Share price: $65Dividend yield: 1.6 percentDividend streak: 41 years
VF Corp. is hardly a household name, but you probably wear some of its products. The apparel manufacturer owns more than 30 brands, including The North Face, Timberland and Wrangler. Lately, the company has benefited from rising consumer demand for activewear. (Raise your hand if you've worn yoga pants or a running jacket to the grocery store.) Revenues in the second quarter were up 8 percent from the same quarter the year before, and the momentum is likely to continue. Analysts see VF's earnings expanding 14 percent this year and 13 percent next year. That should enable VF to continue to deliver impressive dividend boosts (it lifted the payout by 21 percent last year). After soaring 68 percent in 2013, VF's stock trails the S&P 500 in 2014. But the breather allows earnings to catch up with the share price.
(Carolyn Bigda is a contributing editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Who Was This Queen Of Four Kingdomsreddit
She was Yolande, daughter of the King of Aragon before the country joined with Castile to make today's Spain.  The only child of her father to reach adulthood, Yolande became the kingdom's heiress after the death of her childless uncle.  For some time, Aragon and the French sovereign dukedom of Anjou had claimed the disputed inheritance of the kingdom of Naples and Sicily.  In a bid to end the fighting, Yolande of Aragon was betrothed to Louis II of Anjou.
Rarely did an arranged marriage turn into a love match, but Yolande and Louis were among the fortunate ones. Both renowned for their good looks and intelligence, they were truly blessed, loved one another deeply and produced healthy children. Nevertheless, Louis decided to re-conquer his kingdom of Naples, this time using Yolande's dowry to fund his quest.  He set out from his port of Marseilles, leaving his capable wife to act as regent for his enormous territories of Anjou, Maine, and Provence.
Tragically, King Charles VI of France, Louis II's cousin, was periodically mad. When sane, he was a splendid ruler -- just, attractive to his people, wise in government and devoted to his queen Isabeau, who gave him children almost annually.  Suddenly, in his mid-twenties, he began to lose his mind for periods of time -- mad to the extent of decapitating some of his servants! As if the state of the king's mind was not sufficient reason to induce instability in the country, there was sporadic civil war to contend with as well.  One of the king's cousins, the Duke of Burgundy, called John-the-Fearless, coveted the throne as well as trade with the English in Flanders, while the king's delightful brother, Louis, Duke of Orléans wholeheartedly supported his brother and French interests.  Two opposing factions developed and the clashes between the Burgundians and the Orléanists grew in proportion, unsettling commerce and the peace of the kingdom.
For some time, the Kings of England had called themselves King of France.  Indeed, much of the country did belong to England since the time of Eleanor of Aquitaine's marriage, and of course, they had owned Normandy since 1066.
Across the Channel, a brave and dashing new young king mounted the throne.  With France divided through civil war, Henry V Plantagenet, energetic and charismatic, saw his opportunity.  By 1415, Henry V had moved his army across the Channel while Yolande, known as the Queen of Sicily, the grandest of her many titles, was left alone in her great castle of Angers in Anjou to await the outcome of the invasion and inevitable, decisive conflict.
At the terrible Battle of Agincourt, although outnumbered five to one, the English are victorious and most of the scions of the great houses of France died in the deep mud on that day, helpless in their heavy armour weighing down them and their horses.  Struggling to advance in the mire, wave upon wave of arrows descended on the French knights, fired by the English Longbowmen with astonishing skill, who did indeed turn "the day into night" with their density.  There was not a family in France which did not lose someone that day -- a surprising victory for the English -- and one the French had been so certain they would win.
It was also the day that chivalry died.  When Henry V saw he had not enough men to guard the French knights captured for ransom, he gave the chilling order:  "No prisoners", and all were killed. During the next five years, France fell steadily into English hands.  One by one, French dukes moved their allegiance to the winning side, and few but the Anjous, Yolande and her ailing husband Louis, remained in support of their half-mad King Charles VI.
In 1420, by the terms of the Treaty of Troyes, Henry V married a French princess and was declared the heir to France -- the two countries would be joined under one king once Charles VI was no more, and their own dauphin, France's heir and Yolande's son-in-law, stood disinherited in favour of an English king.  Even when both kings died within months of one another, the fighting continued. The English controlled Paris and France's second city, Orléans, was besieged.  The end seemed inevitable with the people inside reduced to eating rats;  the old and the young died of starvation and the soldiers survived on a few mouthfuls of fish a day.  Despite all her efforts, Yolande's son-in-law, the new young king of France, Charles VII, appeared totally listless and dazed, prepared for defeat.
Then, when all seemed lost, Yolande heard from her second son René of a strange young girl living in his territory of Lorraine in the north, a girl determined to "save France" on the orders of "her saints".   With nothing to lose, Yolande sent for the girl in secret -- could an unknown seventeen-year-old farm girl really be of some use?  For two days and nights Yolande quizzed her about the voices she claimed to hear - and decided to take the risk to believe her.
The king had no army but Yolande did -- the army of Anjou whom she recalled from their march to Marseilles to sail for Naples and her son Louis fighting there.  Re-naming them "The Army of Jeanne d'Arc", she dressed Joan in white armour, sits her on a tall, white charger, a great swirling white banner with the red cross of Lorraine fixed erect to her saddle.  Joan, she instructs, is to be placed on a hill opposite Orléans and out of arrow range.  There she was to blaze in the sun like a miraculous icon in order to inspire the soldiers fighting both inside and outside the city.  Miraculously, nine days later, the city was relieved, and its remaining skeletal inhabitants saved.  Yolande's support of The Maid of Orléans, as the girl became known, was the beginning of France's steady recovery of her kingdom.
'The Queen of Four Kingdoms' was published by Constable last October in UK and became a best seller. This October it has appeared in France, published by Éditions Télémaque, and by Beaufort Books in USA.
'Agnes Sorel Mistress of Beauty', the second installment in the 'Anjou Trilogy' will be published in the UK on November 6th.
Follow Princess Michael of Kent on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PMK_Books
More:

Footwear team from China to visit IndiaUpdated: November 3, 2014 23:14 IST
Footwear team from China to visit India
N. Anand
business (general)
A 19-member delegation from China representing footwear sector will be visiting India during the second week scouting for investment and trade opportunities.
The delegation, consisting of representatives from Guangdong province, a leather shoe manufacturing area in China, and a biggest footwear manufacturer Huajian, is visiting leather factories and wholesale markets in Agra and New Delhi to explore trade opportunities. It will be the maiden visit of Huajian top officials to India. Incidentally, Huajian is developing a $2 billion shoe city in Ethopia.
During their stay in Agra on November 14 and 15, as part of 33 International Footwear Conference, the Chinese footwear manufacturers will present their country’s ‘Vision 2019’ for footwear industry with regard to production, product and market aspects.
“China exported leather goods worth $22 billion during 2013, while India did $7 billion during the same period. India will be reaching $14 billion mark by 2019, of which 40-45 per cent will be footwear. Hence the visit of Chinese delegation assumes significance. ” said a Council of Leather Exports official.
Besides China, the representatives of Confederation of International Footwear Associations (CIFA) will also present their respective countries ‘Vision 2019’ document.
CIFA, representing 13 Asian footwear producing countries – India, China, Japan, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, South Korea, Thailand, and Taiwan – was formed with the common objective of networking and information exchange.
The prime objective of CIFA is to organise International conference and international design competition annually to promote design talent among Asian footwear producing countries. Experts from the U.S. and EU are also taking part in this event.

U.S. October auto sales best in several years  GM missesU.S. October auto sales best in several years, GM misses
By Bernie Woodall and Ben Klayman, Reuters
Auto sales rise 6% from October 2013, fueled by SUV and crossover sales.
Up 6 percent from last year, increased October auto sales forecasts an increase in consumer spending.
DETROIT (Reuters) - Automakers reported their strongest U.S. October sales in years on Monday, but top-seller General Motors Co missed expectations.
Monthly U.S. sales of the six largest automakers as measured in U.S. market share rose 6 percent from a year ago, matching analysts' expectations.
Declining gasoline prices helped boost demand for SUVs and crossovers. Ford Motor Co said utility vehicles and trucks accounted for 72 percent of its sales, up from 68.5 percent a year ago.
Seven of the top 10 most reliable automakers are Asian. Only Buick cracked the top 10. ( David Undercoffler )
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' U.S. October sales rose 22 percent on strong pickup truck and Jeep SUV demand, beating analysts' expectations.
While Ford sales fell 2 percent to 188,654 vehicles, the result beat analysts' expectations by nearly 6,000 vehicles, according to a Reuters poll.
The lower monthly sales by Ford were expected because the company has lowered production of the F-150 pickup in recent months during the transition to an aluminum-bodied model, which goes on sale later this year.
A poll by Thomson Reuters of 29 economists forecast a seasonally adjusted annualized sales rate of 16.5 million vehicles. RBC Capital Markets at midday said October sales will be about 16.4 million on an annualized basis.
Each month, auto sales are an early snapshot of U.S. consumer spending.
"The U.S. economy has steadily improved all year and now we are poised for a stronger expansion backed by an improved job market, higher consumer confidence and lower fuel prices," said Kurt McNeil, GM's U.S. sales chief.
GM's is well-laden with truck inventory which bodes well in the lucrative pickup truck market in the last quarter, when truck sales traditionally rise, said John Krafcik, president of TrueCar.
And GM's average selling price for its vehicles related to incentives that cut costs to consumers is the highest among the three major domestic automakers, which will help the company's bottom line, Krafcik said.
Toyota Motor Corp sales rose 7 percent to 180,580, matching analysts' expectations.
Nissan Motor Co and Honda Motor Co each reported robust sales of crossover models and record October U.S. sales for their core brands. Nissan beat analysts' expectations but Honda missed estimates.
GM sales were 0.2 percent above results from October 2013, at 226,819 vehicles, but missed estimates of analysts by more than 5,000 vehicles. GM said it is taking steps to boost profit at the cost of total sales by lowering fleet sales of large SUVs.
Chrysler's Ram pickup truck sales rose 33 percent. Sales of GM's pickup trucks, including the Chevrolet Silverado and the GMC Sierra, gained 16 percent, to 68,530.
Ford's F-Series sales slipped 0.6 percent in October to 63,410. It was a rare beat by GM's pickup trucks over Ford's F-Series.
Chrysler's sales of 170,480 beat expectations by about 4,000 vehicles.
(Editing by Lisa Von Ahn, Jeffrey Benkoe and Matthew Lewis)

Sears to open earlier on ThanksgivingSears to open earlier on Thanksgiving
Reuters
Sears headquarters in Hoffman Estates.
Sears headquarters in Hoffman Estates. (Reuters)
Sears to open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving
Sears, Kmart join other retailers in extending Thanksgiving and Black Friday hours
Sears announced Monday that it plans to open its doors at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, joining fellow department stores Macy's and Kohl's in nudging their opening two hours earlier. All three retailers opened at 8 p.m. last year.
Kmart will again open at 6 a.m. Thanksgiving day, and will stay open 42 hours until 12 a.m. Saturday, an hour longer than last year, Hoffman Estates-based Sears Holdings, which owns Kmart, announced.
Sears is still in business?
cynicRFT2
2
Retailers have been pushing their hours earlier into Thanksgiving Day for several years, as Black Friday, which traditionally kicked off the holiday shopping season with the steepest discounts of the year, not only encroaches on turkey dinner but also permeates the entire month of November.
Sears plans to feature a selection of Black Friday deals from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday at a Sears Family and Friends event. Select apparel, appliances tools and footwear will be available at Black Friday pricing plus an additional 5 to 15 percent family and friends discount. Additional Black Friday deals will be available on sears.com from 6 p.m. Saturday to 9 a.m. Tuesday.
Sears also announced free shipping to homes for orders over $59. Wal-Mart offers free shipping for orders over $50, while Target undercut everyone by offering free shipping across all of Target.com from Oct. 22 through Dec. 22, with no order minimum.

My Lawyer  My Friend: A CEO s Guide to Working with an Attorneyreddit
Have you had more attorneys than exes? Do you regularly get: a) bad work, b) late work, c) oh-my-God-this-is expensive work or d) all of the above?
Almost every business has the pleasure or torture of dealing with a variety of outside advisors, from accountants to attorneys to brokers. Here's your insider's guide to a heavenly relationship with your attorney. OK, maybe I'm being overly optimistic. But this will help.
Give Them The Story
You may be embarrassed. You may think certain details are irrelevant. You may think you can save money and time by just focusing on the issue or contract provision in question. But a good attorney looks at the big picture, the details and the law that applies to all of that. Give your attorney the full story.
In one case, I had a client that had signed a lease that he needed to get out of. He didn't have a lot of money, but he had a big problem. He was committed to build out a store and pay rent on space -- for the next 10 years -- that he didn't need. I asked him to get every scrap of information that he could, including pictures of the shopping center and the store that he had abandoned. In the pictures, I saw a few shopping carts filled with tools in the space that my client had leased. My client said that once he had told the landlord that he would not take the space, the landlord started using that abandoned space for storage while he was finishing the construction of other stores.
This scenario reminded me of a court case that was over 150 years old that proved critical. In the old case, a tenant had refused to take a barn that he had leased, and then the landlord started storing tools in the barn. The court in that old case said once the landlord started using the premises for the landlord's own purposes, then the landlord legally released the tenant from his obligations to rent the barn. I used the same argument to get my client out of his shopping center lease. There was a lot of luck involved in that situation, but you never know what might affect your case.
On the flip side, holding back information can cut the legs out from under your attorney. We need to know the bad as well as the good. You might wonder how knowing the bad can possibly help your attorney. But there is a very good reason. We can prepare for the weaknesses of your case and be ready to defend against them. There is nothing worse for your case than when your lawyer is blindsided by a damaging fact that you forgot to mention.
Organize and Educate
On a related point, some clients ask how they can help -- whether to reduce the legal bill or just get a better result. On the other hand (of a very long arm), other clients expect attorney telepathy. But there is little question that one of the best things you can do to save money and improve results is prepare a written history for your attorney, together with all of the related emails, contracts and other documents. The entire package should be clearly identified as a communication from you to your attorney for the purpose of obtaining legal advice, so that you can maximize your position that these materials, especially the history, are confidential and not subject to disclosure to the opposition. Discuss this with your attorney and get guidance on how to label these materials.
Of course, preparing a good history and a package with all of the relevant documents may take a bit of your time and may require a lot of review by your attorney. But having all of that information can improve the legal advice you get and ultimately speed you to the best possible result. Your attorney may say you are in a great position or a terrible one. But better to know right away and plan accordingly.
The Boy Who Cried "Rush"
Deadlines sometimes sneak up on all of us. Worse, most executives juggle a lot of plates and only realize one is about to crash at the last second. But don't make every assignment for your attorney an emergency. That does not mean you need to pull the trigger too soon on a project that is not ready. Sometimes just a "heads up, this might be coming" is enough for an attorney to think about scheduling and staffing the assignment and, consequently, be better prepared for your work.
In other instances, more elaborate communication helps. For example, you might ask how much time and what information your attorney will need once you do authorize her or him to proceed. Then you have your deadline and your attorney has hers or his. I have one dream client that gives me rushes all of the time. But he also sends projects on a regular basis where he specifically tells me that it isn't a rush and that he doesn't need it back for weeks. This lets me know that when he has a rush, he means it, and it also builds trust and mutual respect. I know that he plans in advance when he can and that he does not take me for granted. Consequently, I'm especially motivated to work hard on his assignments.
The Money Stuff
First, understand how you are going to be charged. For example, most attorneys charge by the hour, in increments as small as one-tenth of an hour, and if they are spending time, including travel to your office, they are on the clock. In other cases, you may arrange for a flat fee for a project or a fixed monthly retainer or a contingency for a good result -- or a mix of these arrangements. But don't beat around the bush. Have a clear discussion and then confirm it in a written agreement.
Second, let your attorney know if you have any preferences about whether you want senior or junior attorneys working on your matter. Your attorney may assume that you want only the most experienced (and expensive) attorneys working your case. But you may be perfectly content to have less experienced attorneys working on certain matters. Virtually identical businesses often have completely different philosophies on this point. And attorneys really can't tell what you want a lot of times.
Third, review your legal bills and let your attorney know if you have any concerns right away. There may be a mistake in the bill, or you may very well be entitled to a discount. But don't ignore a problem or let it fester. For many attorneys, their bill is a way of communicating with you about how he or she is handling your case. If you say nothing, the attorney assumes you are fine with the invoice and your legal representation. Worse, if you have a big problem and wait six months to say something, you've led your attorney to believe that all was well, when instead, she or he should have been doing something different.
However, if you don't have any problem with the bill or the legal work, then pay. Absent some special understanding, you should be paying those bills within 30 days, although 60 days usually won't create a big problem. But after that, you may be creating financial hardship and undermining your relationship with your attorney.
Establish Your Goals
Your attorney can't help you achieve your goals if you haven't communicated them. In fairness, however, you may not know what is realistic. If that's the case, at the very outset, brainstorm with your attorney and discuss what results could be appropriate for your case. The truth is, you may be faced with a range of options. But almost always, your attorney will do a better job if he or she knows what you are trying to achieve from the beginning.
Plenty of things make for a good relationship with any professional. But one common theme is good communication. Above all, you need and deserve an attorney who promptly returns your calls and hears you out fully. And your attorney needs a client who listens to the attorney's guidance, even if you don't always follow it.
Here's to a long-lasting relationship with a great attorney.
Follow Jack Garson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bizbygarson
More:

The Secret Work-Family Issue Nobody s Talking Aboutreddit
Here's the thing about diapers: It's okay to talk about your daughters - but not your dad's.
It's a stigma. It's not fair. But it's a part of life. And it's a big part of the reason that companies understand child care concerns, while senior care is sneaking up on us as a potential corporate crisis.
Diapers don't have you convinced? You can apply the same standard to sick days, doctor's appointments, emergency falls and other reasons employees would have to leave or miss work due to elder care duties. While parents sometimes joke about the trials and tribulations of caring for their children, senior care responsibilities are more often suffered silently.
And so, looking back on October and National Work and Family Month, let's not forget the work-family issue facing our nation's 65.7 million adults providing care to someone who is ill, disabled or aged: Senior Care.
The Sandwich Generation is a growing population of men and women, generally in their 40s and 50s, who are "sandwiched" between their children and their aging parents, providing some level of care for both. Many of them are also working.
According to PewResearch , nearly half of adults in their 40s and 50s are part of the Sandwich Generation. And a MetLife study found nearly 60 percent of those caring for adults are doing so while working full-time.  These caregiving responsibilities don't just fall to women, either - research has found that 45 percent of Americans caring for aging relatives are men.
So what do senior care and the Sandwich Generation mean for employers?
My colleague, Jody Gastfriend , the VP of Senior Care for Care.com, has written extensively about her caregiving journey providing care for her aging parents.  Consider this excerpt, from her post, " 7 Lessons Learned After Mom Fell ."
Still, when it happened to my own mother, I'll admit that I wasn't completely prepared. And while I try not to be superstitious, I remembered that bad things sometimes happen in threes. The day after my mother's accident, my 20-year-old daughter took a tumble while jogging and fractured her knee.
Talk about being sandwiched. How can she be expected to be present and productive at work when her mind is at home?
As caregivers struggle to meet their personal and professional responsibilities, almost 70 percent of caregivers are forced to make workplace adjustments , such as turning down promotions, scaling back hours or even leaving their jobs. At the same time, businesses are losing tens of billions in annual productivity costs due to care-related issues like reduced hours, absenteeism and presenteeism (i.e. being present at work, but not actually working).
For the U.S. to remain competitive as a global economic leader, American business leaders need to recognize and respond to the caregiving needs of all our working families - not just the ones with young children.
Our senior care and Sandwich Generation needs aren't going to resolve themselves. In fact, they could balloon into an even bigger issue as Baby Boomers age into retirement and young adults boomerang back home to receive emotional and financial support from their parents.
So what can employers do to alleviate some of stress and meet the needs of employees with senior care responsibilities?
1. Start the Conversation
It's true that starting workplace conversations about senior care won't be easy, but it's important to create a company culture in which employees are comfortable talking about what's happening in their lives and how it affects their job performance and stress levels.
2. Embrace Flexwork
Flexibility is a priority for all working families, and especially so for those in the Sandwich Generation or with senior care responsibilities, which tend to be more situational than child care.
3. Provide Care-Assistance Benefits
As awareness around the importance of supporting working families spreads, providing elder care assistance benefits is becoming increasingly common.  According to the Family and Work Institute's  2014 National Study of Employers, nearly half of employers provide elder care resources and referral benefits.  Business clients of my company, Care.com, provide our Workplace Solutions offerings, which can include senior care planning assistance from Master's level social workers, as benefits to their employees.
4. Be Informed, and Act as a Resource for Your Employees
Employees with senior care responsibilities often don't think about senior care until the situation "hits home" for them, which means many are learning as they go. By understanding their needs and arming your employees with information, you can take away a layer of stress. And the more low-emotion responsibilities you can take off of the plate through senior care toolkits or resource and referral benefits, the more you help employees focus on work when they're at work instead of engaging in productivity-killing multi-tasking.
Remember, when you're there for your employees in times of need, you'll see absenteeism and stress levels drop, while engagement, productivity and retention rates improve. Yes, it may take some investment up front, but supporting employees with senior care needs is good business in the long run.
Follow Chris Duchesne on Twitter: www.twitter.com/careatwork
More:

Three of Chicago s best  most worthy--and...Still, she said The Resurrection Project installed Wi-Fi in at least one new development, based on its involvement in this planning process.
2. Cannery Row Shopping Center
Source: Chicago Lawn Quality-of-Life Plan
Originally a can factory, this site at West 60th Street and South Western Avenue was redeveloped in the 1980s for retail but much of the land remains unused.
The neighborhood wanted this multi-block property modernized into a town center.
"Greater Southwest Development Corp. was part-owner, working with General Growth, working with Sears and Jewel and others to make the deal happen," Vasquez said. "Then General Growth filed for bankruptcy. The foreclosure crisis, always simmering in Chicago Lawn, hit real hard. Economic recession. Et cetera."
And the Jewel and Sears have closed.
No one can control those larger economic forces. But in the case of this project, Vasquez said several developers "are still there and working at it."
The shopping center at the former cannery was first targeted in the neighborhood's 2005 quality-of-life plan, part of LISC's New Communities Program. One year later, in 2006, those communities were asked to select the most important project in those plans, the Chicago Lawn neighborhood chose the shopping center.
Even with the recession, Vasquez said 11 of the 14 projects in the 2006 document have been realized, making the loss in Chicago Lawn all the more frustrating.
3. Better transportation access among neighborhoods, without going through downtown
Source: NCP Neighborhood Partnership for Chicago 2016
Many ideas in this plan didn't move forward because Chicago lost its bid to host the 2016 Summer Olympics.
But Vasquez thinks the transportation recommendations should be implemented anyway.
The plan proposed three new "L" and seven new Metra stations as well as less costly solutions to connect neighborhoods, such as trolley service.
Trolleys have since been proposed for the museum campus as a way to connect the planned Lucas Museum for Narrative Art with nearby attractions, including Soldier Field and McCormick Place.
"We need everything you can think of to connect neighborhoods without making a journey to the Loop," Vasquez said. She noted the need for more bikeways, such as the elevated 606 trail, which are independent of the road system.
Since the 2008 proposal, key improvements such as a universal transit card and the Divvy bike-sharing program are in process or thriving. Yet other transit infrastructure, such as the Western-to-Fullerton leg of the No. 11 Lincoln Avenue bus, which serves a small business corridor, have been cut.
Meanwhile, Vasquez joked at the Club, "Planning for future plans is being planned."

Blue-chips yet to reclaim their 2008-10 highAirtel
(Some of the prominent names…)
MUMBAI: India's benchmark stock indices — Sensex and Nifty —are recording new highs these days but shares of many large companies are still trading way below their all-time highs. As many as 50 large-cap shares with market capitalisation over Rs 10,000 crore are trading between 20 per cent and 90 per cent below their record highs hit during their peaks in 2008 or 2010, according to the data compiled by ET.
Some of the prominent names include Mukesh Ambani's RIL, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, DLF and Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) stocks including Reliance Communications , Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Infrastructure.
"Many traditional companies have not performed well in the past few years in terms of fundamentals. Some firms are struggling with high debt-equity ratios and their bottom-lines were not consistent," said G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO , Equinomics Research & Advisory.
Savvy investors have already moved from these stocks to sectors such as IT, pharma and consumer space. Out of the 50 stocks, 20 are trading between 50 per cent and 90 per cent below their highs, while another 20 are between 30 per cent and 50 per cent below their record levels. India's largest private sector company in terms of revenue, RIL closed Rs 1,001 on Monday, 38 per cent below its record high of Rs 1,626 touched on January 15 , 2008. RIL has returned 10 per cent in past one year as well as in the past five years. Sensex has gained 31 per cent and 81 per cent, respectively, during the same period. Bharti Airtel is trading 31 per cent below its October 2007 high of Rs 575. As of Monday, state-owned NTPC was nearly 50 per cent below its January 2008 high.
Reliance Group stocks have fared worse. Reliance Communications has plunged over 87 per cent from its January 2008 record high of Rs 844, Reliance Capital and Reliance Power are trading about 80 per cent below their respective alltime high stock prices. Reliance Infrastructure is down 75 per cent from record high. Reliance Group companies have seen their market capitalisation erode by over Rs 3 lakh crore since January 2008.
India's largest real estate player DLF has lost almost 90 per cent of its wealth since January 2008. Similarly, Jindal Steel, SAIL, NMDC, Neyveli Lignite, Adani Power are currently trading at least 70 per cent below their record highs.
Several retail investors have exited their investments in such stocks even at losses. In the past five years, 6.5 lakh retail investors have exited Reliance Industries .
Reliance Communications, Reliance Infrastructure and Reliance Capital have seen exit of 4.1 lakh, 3.4 lakh and 2.68 lakh retail investors, respectively, in the past five years. Analysts said these stocks could start performing once the market moved into the next stage of the bull run.
"Different sectors will move at different stages. Many traditional stokes have performed well in the past one year, but they fell short of expectations or underperformed the broader market," said Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dalal Street will keep on making fresh highs over next five yearsBajaj Auto
(Market is in a positive sentimental…)
Indian equities over the next 5 years should escalate to new highs on the foundation of impressive fundamentals, attractive valuations and a new and able government, says Dr. Vikas V Gupta - EVP Traded Markets & Investment Research at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd, in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? And, if yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Vikas Gupta: The momentum is likely to continue for the next 5 years, driven by solid fundamentals and the scope for a valuation re-rating. Currently the market is in a positive sentimental bias. Given the strong domestic government and a focused policy approach, it is likely that the positive bias is going to continue.
Nothing known across the global markets indicates the likelihood of negative sentiments developing, although black swans, i.e. unknown negative factors, are always a possibility. With this positive bias, our expectations are as follows:
For Dec-14, we estimate the Sensex to reach 30,000 and the Nifty price index to reach 9,000 roughly.
For Oct-15, we expect the Sensex to reach 34,300 and the Nifty price index to reach 10,400 roughly.
We would suggest that a market position below current numbers in the next one year is hardly likely to sustain for long.
The US Federal Reserve might have done away with the QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Vikas Gupta: India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens to ensue in these regions when the government reduces the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors likely to sell off relevant debt instruments.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already-inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities.
Within equities, emerging markets have a greater scope for appreciation compared to the more relatively saturated developed markets. Within emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm.
With FIIs having pumped in already $14bn into domestic equity capital markets to date, we can expect a total of $24bn for FY15, continuing at the same rate. This should be a fair indicator of the base foreign inflow (excluding favourable stimuli like global QEs) given that the major US QE3 is on the wane. We can expect an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal (FY16) amount to about $40-50bn.
What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency is near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
Vikas Gupta: While on a weekly/fortnightly basis, the Indian rupee might have weakened, over the last 1 month it has strengthened marginally (0.5%). As of today, lasted traded price for USDINR currency contracts expiring 29-Dec-14 indicates a possible weakening in the near term as the effect of US tapering off its QE3 and rising dollar demand overshadows the potential stimulus from the ECB and Japan.
 
However, we have no view on near-term currency movements. What we do take cognizance of is that in the long term the rupee is expected to depreciate by 2-5% pa against the dollar.
What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
Vikas Gupta: With respect to interest rates, given the strict goals of sustaining CPI inflation below 8% by Jan15 and 6% CPI inflation by Jan16, the possibility of a rate cut in FY15 can be questioned. Any cut that happens will be very small, of the order of 25 to 50 bps, and this is unlikely to be sustained on every review meeting.
Further, a rate cut alone does not qualify as a major trigger for a sustainable market movement. In terms of policy reforms, the current government has already made several reforms (part of which has already been reflected in the recent run-up in markets), which we expect would be highlighted and showcased during the Budget.
Consequently, we expect the Budget to be the next big trigger for the equity markets. Major rate cuts should not be expected before 12-18 months.

HDFC emerging as one of most liked stocks for FIIs as they raise stake to record 78%FIIS
(While part of the purchases…)
MUMBAI: The popularity of Housing Development Finance Corp (HDFC) among overseas portfolio investors shows no sign of waning. Their holdings in the country's largest mortgage financer touched a record of almost 78 per cent — the highest ever for a listed Indian firm — in the three-month period ended September 30 as a new set of foreign institutions bought the stock in the quarter.
Brokers said foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in HDFC are betting on a revival in the mortgage market.
"HDFC is the leader in the mortgage finance market and has been a stable performer in the past few years," said Raamdeo Agarwal, joint managing director of Motilal Oswal Financial Services. FII holdings in the company rose to 77.85 per cent in the July-September period from 77.36 per cent on June 30.
Twelve new FIIs bought into HDFC in the quarter, taking the total number of investors in this category to 1,140. While part of the purchases in the stock in the quarter could be because of allocation by Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), many long-term FIIs have also bought it, brokers said.
"The stock is an ideal bet for some large FIIs such as pension funds because of its predictable returns. These funds are happy with 10-15 per cent kind of returns (annually) given the size of their exposure," said Agarwal. "Also, it is available below a PE (price to earnings) of 20 (times)".
So far in 2014, HDFC shares have advanced 40 per cent against the 32 per cent gain in the Sensex and 42 per cent jump in ET's NBFC index.
Analysts at foreign brokerages such as Citi, UBS and CIMB are less optimistic about the stock's prospects. These brokerages have 'neutral' or 'hold' ratings on the stock.
"The decent operating (quarter) should continue to lend support to the stock; but stronger moves are likely to be driven by developments/clarity on a merger. Until then, it should be business as usual," said Citi analysts in a recent note.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei @ 7-year high on GPIF  BOJ euphoriaAfter months of uncertainty about the economic outlook amid weakening growth following a sales tax hike in April.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japan's Nikkei share average hit a seven-year high on Tuesday as investors gave a thumbs up to the Bank of Japan's unexpected move to ease policy further and the public pension fund's reallocation of assets to switch more funds to domestic stocks .
The Nikkei benchmark index climbed 2.7 per cent to 16,862.47, its highest level since 2007. The index surged 4.8 per cent on Friday, marking its biggest daily gain in eighteen months.
Turnover at the Tokyo Stock Exchange's main board hit 5.4 trillion yen, the second highest on record.
Financial and real estate shares outperformed the market, with Daiwa Securities surging 12.3 per cent. Nomura Holdings jumped 7.7 per cent and Tokyu Fudosan shot up 7.1 per cent.
The broader Topix added 2.6 per cent to close at 1,368.65, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 2.8 per cent, closing at 12,507.72.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Delhi: Fresh elections likely in Feb as Union cabinet approves dissolution of assemblyUnion cabinet okays dissolution of Delhi assembly
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 09:43 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
The Union cabinet approved on Tuesday lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung's report recommending the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh elections in the national capital and ending an eight-month-long political uncertainty.
L-G Najeeb Jung with Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi. Jung has recommended the dissolution of Delhi assembly, paving the way for fresh polls. (Arun Sharma/HT file photo)
The decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet presided over by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "The Union cabinet recommended dissolution of the Delhi assembly with immediate effect," a senior Union minister said.
After meeting leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday evening, Jung sent his report on the latest political situation to President Pranab Mukherjee and the home ministry. All the parties said they were in favour of fresh elections as none had the requisite numbers to form a stable government in Delhi.
The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
Delhi has been under the President's Rule since February following the Arvind Kejriwal-led AAP government's resignation after 49 days in office.
The Election Commission (EC) is now expected to cancel the November 25 bypolls to three assembly constituencies.
BJP leaders will hold a meeting later on Tuesday to chalk out their strategy for the fresh polls, which will now take place just a year after the December 2013 assembly elections.
The Delhi BJP said its stand on government formation was clear since December, stressing that it would never engage in horse-trading to come to power in the national capital.
After the results of the assembly polls last year, the then Delhi BJP chief, Harsh Vardhan, had declined to form a government, saying the party did not have the required numbers.
This time, the saffron party is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive win in the Lok Sabha elections — it won  all seven seats in the national capital — and its successes in the recent assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra.
"BJP is fully prepared for elections in Delhi. We believe in collective leadership. We will fight elections in Delhi like we did in Maharashtra and Haryana," Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit said the party had always been in favour of holding fresh assembly polls, ANI reported.
 
"It's good, Congress has always wanted fresh elections in Delhi. We welcome this," Dikshit told ANI.
AAP leader Manish Sisodia said on Tuesday this time his party will appeal to the people of Delhi to make them win the assembly elections by a majority so that they can relieve them of the "troubles" which they have been facing for the past eight months.
A lot is at stake for the AAP in Delhi. After its dismal showing in the April-May general elections - the party contested more than 400 seats and won just four -  it is desperate to retain its foothold in Delhi. Positive response to Kejriwal's recent rallies is believed to have given the AAP a shot in the arm.
The Congress, however, does not seem to be in a position to dictate terms following its drubbing in the general elections and the subsequent defeats in assembly elections.
After the AAP government's resignation, Jung had not favoured dissolution of the assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Arvind Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
 
The L-G had last month sent a report to the President, seeking permission to invite the BJP to form a government in Delhi.
 
The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite the BJP.
AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, had time and again  accused the L-G of favouring the BJP, accusing him of encouraging "horse-trading".
Hearing an AAP petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, the Supreme Court court had asked the L-G to explore the possibility of forming a government by November 11.
Elections likely in Jan-Feb
 
Meanwhile, EC sources ruled out the possibility of holding elections for 70-member Delhi elections with that of Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
 
“I don’t think that can happen,” an EC functionary said, adding that it needs to do some ground work before announcing elections in a state. “We don’t have enough time to do the background work for holding Delhi polls with the two states.”
 
The polls in the two states are being held in five-phases and counting of votes will take place on December 23.
 
Time is a constraint because the Supreme Court’s had prescribed a mechanism, according to which, the gap between announcement of polls and vote should be about 40 days.
 
And before making the announcement the Election Commission has to give time to the chief electoral officer to update electoral rolls, notify returning officers and prepare election management plan. “We also have to give some time to the political parties to prepare for polls and consult them,” an EC official explained.
 
Once the EC receives the notification from the government on dissolution of the Delhi assembly, it will formally start the consultation process for conducting polls with the government bodies and the political parties, the commission sources said. The notification will be issued by President once L-G recommends dissolution of the assembly. 
 
The elections are expected to be held in end January or early February before the President’s rule comes to an end in the Capital.
The government believes that holding the elections during that period would be conducive as the January chill in the Capital will ease out.
(with agency inputs)

Gold deposit scheme may cut imports | Oil hits four-year lowgold deposit scheme
(The country's gold imports…)
NEW DELHI: The country's gold imports could come down by 250 tonnes a year if the government re-launches a gold deposit scheme and mobilises at least one per cent of estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock lying with Indians, according to the gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp.
The current gold deposit scheme, launched in 1999, is beyond the reach of most households as it mandates a minimum deposit of 500 grams. Only temples and trusts are taking advantage of this scheme and not the general householders.
"There is a need to re-launch a gold deposit scheme with a minimum 40 grams of gold deposits. Even if we mobilise one per cent of the estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock, we will be able reduce imports by 250 tonnes a year," MMTC Pamp Managing Director Rajesh Khosla said.
The company has proposed a minimum gold deposit of 40 grams after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country. "The RBI has said that the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for a notification," he said.
Stating that India's gold demand is unlikely to come down even if the government further tightens import norms, Khosla said. "The only way is to get the idle gold in circulation through a gold deposit scheme tailored specially for general households and not for banks and large gold holders."
The proposed scheme will help in balancing the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down the current account deficit (CAD), he added.
If the proposed scheme takes off, Khosla said the company will act as an enabler in the gold deposit scheme since it is the only refinery to be accredited with London Bullion Markets Association.
MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland's PAMP, said under the proposed scheme it will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks.
India, the world's largest gold consumer, imports 800-900 tonnes of yellow metal every year. The country is estimated to have imported 410 tonnes in the first half of this fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I stopped eating food that comes in a package. Ive never felt better.By Tim Herrera November 4 Follow @TimHerrera
Day 3's delicious dinner. (Tim Herrera)
I have, on more than one occasion, eaten an entire pizza by myself. Like, recently. These moments are not my proudest, but here we are.
Between May and August this year, I ordered pizza delivery for dinner an average of seven times per month. I ordered Italian an average of three times monthly, and healthy (?) helpings of noodles another three.
Lunch burritos were a ritual. My fridge was packed with flavored yogurt, beer, greasy leftovers and half-empty bottles of ranch dressing and Frank’s RedHot. My afternoon snack was a handful of fun-size candy on sale (using the honor system) at my office; breakfast, if I ate it, was usually a bowl of yogurt laced with honey.
So I was more than interested when a co-worker told me she was about to go on  Whole30 , a 30-day "food cleanse" in which you eat nothing but unprocessed, unrefined, sugar-free food, while also cutting out entire food groups such as dairy and grains (and booze).
My relationship with food has never been what one would call healthy, so a chance to hit the reset button? I’m listening.
The point of Whole30, which was founded by Melissa Hartwig in 2009, is to “end to unhealthy cravings and habits, restore a healthy metabolism, heal your digestive tract, and balance your immune system,” its promotional materials say . Whether that's what actually happens physiologically, who knows. Everyone's selling something.
But after completing a 30-day run -- without cheating, for the record -- I can say it’s a life-changing, body-changing wonder of experimental trendy dieting. (With maybe a dash of Placebo effect thrown in there.)
— Internet Person (@TimHerrera) September 18, 2014
Emotional eaters (like me hi hello nice to meet you) use food to augment an emotional state. Bad day? Get a calzone and a Kit Kat. Feeling great? Get a calzone and a Kit Kat. This was both my comfort system and my reward system growing up, and it continued into adulthood.
So the immediate result of removing all pleasure foods from my diet after a lifetime of eating mostly pleasure foods is that, surprise, I thought a lot about pleasure foods.
Two days into my Whole30, which I began in mid-September with a co-worker and my girlfriend, the sight of a Snickers made me desperate for it. The cravings got worse before they got better, and after about two weeks I was actually dreaming about eating donuts and candy.
This seems to be a common side effect; Whole30's Web site even says  it may happen .
But about a week in, things started happening to my body that hadn't happened in years. I woke up easier and felt less groggy in the morning. My afternoon fade at the office began disappearing. Coffee became less of a necessity, and I didn't collapse from exhaustion the moment I got home.
As the weeks went on, I started to look a little slimmer in the mirror. "You look so skinny now!" my girlfriend would say. In the month and a half since I started, I've lost 15 pounds, and two full inches off my waist.
My best friend became zoodles -- a wonderful foodstuff that is simply zucchinis in the shape of noodles made with a spiralizer -- and, making my mother particularly happy, I finally learned to cook and made almost every one of my meals. (Hi mom!) I just felt ... good. And not ... bad. Which was different and wonderful.
By week three, I was cruising, sugar cravings gone and cooking game sharp. I could whip up a Whole30-friendly chicken pad thai for four in 35 minutes flat while driving you nuts with a speech about how fantastic I felt. I darted around my office with boundless energy that last from morning to night.
Then week four came. The end was in sight, but a new dread was appearing: How does one go back to normal eating after this? That idea gave me more anxiety than anything leading up to embarking on this. Am I betraying my body by going back to a normal diet? Have I earned the right to eat pizza again after a cleanse? Am I going to completely miss pumpkin beer season?
I never settled on an easy answer, and still haven't. I'm in limbo; if you offered me a piece of candy corn, I'd probably say no, but if it's the weekend (say, one in which a yearly costume-themed holiday falls), all bets are off. Where I'll eventually land, who knows.
I should probably figure that out. Maybe over a slice of pizza. Maybe over eight slices of pizza.
@juliaccarpenter final whole30 meal, inspired by you! pic.twitter.com/aaZwLGUPzX
— Internet Person (@TimHerrera) October 15, 2014
For any adventurous eaters (or nutritional change-seekers) interested in taking on this challenge, however, it's not all sprightly mornings and fresh veggies for lunch. If you absolutely hate cooking, move along. If post-work happy hour or drinks on the weekend are mandatory, skip.
You will be grumpy four days in and probably have a nonstop headache for days. And if you can't handle your friends rolling their eyes at you any time you shoot down their restaurant suggestion because "it's too hard for me to eat there right now," don't even bother. (Sorry, guys.)
But if you've ever taken a realistic look at your diet and thought, "Wow, I've been been treating my stomach like a garbage compactor," maybe it's time to hit that reset button.

Burdwan blast: Barpeta quack  NIAs most wanted man  has four bank accountsPrint
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval accompanied by National Security Guard (NSG) Chief J N Choudhury, NIA Director General Sharad Kumar and Intelligence Bureau(IB) chief Asif Ibrahim inspecting the blast site at Khagragarh in Burdwan district. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:53 pm
Sahanur Alom, the 33-year old quack from Barpeta district in Assam, who figures among NIA’s 12 “most wanted” persons involved in the Burdwan blast of October 2, has at least four bank accounts in his home district, with the agency now looking for more accounts if any in other places.
An NIA team that conducted a search in Alom’s house in village Chatala in Barpeta district on Tuesday, seized several boxes of incriminating documents, apart sealing four bank accounts including one having an ATM facility.
But, there has been no transaction in all the four accounts since August, when he had disappeared from his village along with his wife Sajina and two children. Interestingly, Alom was arrested by the local police on July 28, the day he had organized a namaz one day ahead of Eid-ul-Fitr, which had led to a clash between his supporters and a section of villagers.
Confirming this, sources in NIA said Alom had obtained bail the very day he was arrested, and disappeared two or three days later. That was more than two months before the Burdwan blast, only after which it was found that one of the 12 accused persons involved in that incident was Sahanur Alom of Barpeta.
While Alom first left his village with his family reportedly for his in-laws place after a section of fellow villagers looked at him with suspicion as he tried to propagate the Salafi tradition of Eid, he probably disappeared further after the October 2 blast.
“We have already found lot of evidence that he was part of the JMB module that was linked to the Burdwan blast. That includes evidence about Alom’s close contact with Shakil Ahmed, one of the two persons who were killed in the Burdwan blast,” a source in the NIA said today.
The NIA is now examining transactions in the four different bank accounts that it has discovered in Sahanur Alom’s name, and as also the sources of deposit. “Most of the money has been already withdrawn, but we are now looking the sources from where money was deposited,” the NIA source said. Another question before the NIA is: why did Alom, who apparently earned his living as a quack dentist in village markets, open four bank accounts?
NAI officials who conducted search in his house in village Chatala found it to be a well-furnished place, complete with TV and dish antenna, refrigerator, and a motorcycle among other items. Very few families in the neighbourhood have houses as good as Alom’s.

Terror alert for Kolkata  its port; two Navy warships withdrawnPrint
Amidst this warning, Navy warships - INS Khukri and INS Sumitra, which had docked at the port last evening, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:17 pm
Kolkata and its port area may face a terror attack, according to a warning issued by central intelligence agencies amid which the Navy has withdrawn its two warships that were docked at the port here.
A senior Kolkata police official said that inputs have been received from central security agencies that there might be a terror attack in Kolkata, especially in the port area.
“We have beefed up security in the port area and have put the entire city under security blanket,” he said.
Amidst this warning, Navy warships – INS Khukri and INS Sumitra – which had docked at the port last evening and was scheduled to be there till November 6 for public viewing as part of Naval Day celebration, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday.
Official sources in Delhi said the withdrawal was a precautionary measure.
However, when asked whether the withdrawal of the ships wa because of the terror alert, Defence CPRO Group Captain T K Singha said “no, it has nothing to do with any terror alert.The recall of ships is strictly due to operational reasons.”
A Defence press statement issued in Kolkata said “the alacrity by which Indian warships are ready for operation at a short notice was demonstrated by the quick turnaround of the two visiting warships amply showcasing Indian Navy’s prompt readiness as the two warships are set to sail out within hours of a recall to the sea for undisclosed ‘operational reasons’ on orders by Eastern Naval Command HQ, today.”

Pentagon slams Pakistan s use of terror proxiesprint
The US military has once again slammed Pakistan for using terrorists as its proxies to further its plans in the region, especially with regards to India and militarily-fragile Afghanistan.
"Afghan- and Indian-focused militants continue to operate from Pakistan territory to the detriment of Afghan and regional stability," the Pentagon said in a recent report to US congress on the situation in Afghanistan.
"Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India's superior military," the report added.
This is not the first time the United States has accused Pakistan of using terrorists as its proxies. Referring to a conversation with the Pakistani army chief, then US chairman of the joint chiefs of staff Mike Mullen said in a speech in 2011 that "We covered... the need for the Haqqani network to disengage, specifically the need for the ISI to disconnect from Haqqani and from this proxy war that they're fighting."
The next day, at a congressional hearing, Admiral Mullen went further and said the Haqqani network "acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence agency".
US frustration with Pakistan's continued use of terrorists was one reason why Islamabad did't get a heads-up on the Abbottabad raid, despite being an ally in the war against terror.
The new Pentagon report underlined that frustration once again: "These relationships (the Pakistan has with terrorists) run counter to Pakistan's public commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation. Such groups continue to act as the primary irritant in Afghan- Pakistan bilateral relations."
The report also mentioned the attack on the Indian consulate in Herat earlier in the year, three days before Prime Minister Narendra modi's swearing in. "Prime Minister Modi is perceived as being close to Hindu nationalist groups, a fact that may have played into the timing of the attack," said the report.
That attack was carried out by Lashkar-i-Tayyeba.

Why Make in India is the first stepWhy Make in India is the first step
Firms to pump in Rs 14 000 cr towards CSRCorporates to pump in Rs 14,000 cr towards CSR in 2014-15: FM
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 22:11 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday companies are expected to pump in as much as Rs 14,000 crore for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in 2014-15 and the amount will increase in subsequent years.
"... CSR alone in its very first year is going to contribute about Rs 14,000 crore into the (social) sector and that's reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase," he said while speaking at a function organised jointly by the Jubilant Bhartia and Schwab foundations.
Under the new Companies Act, certain class of profitable companies are required to spend at least 2 per cent of their three-year average annual net profit for CSR activities.
Noting that corporates are late entrants in the charitable activities in the country, Jaitley said, "the best in the Indian society is yet to be realised...They (corporates) are essentially obsessed with their cause, they are convinced about their cause."
The Indian society was currently "witnessing a passing phase or turning point", he said, expressing the hope that corporate would enter the charity in a big way.
"Its impact will now be fully seen. (It will be) appreciated by even those who are otherwise unaware or unwilling to recognise the contribution," Jaitley said.
The Minister later gave India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award to Hanumappa Sudarshan of Karuna Trust.

Battle for Senate powerbattle for senate power
JM Financial s net profit rises by 83 per cent to Rs 92 croreJM Financial s net profit rises by 83 per cent to Rs 92 crore
India for paradigm shift in solving global warming problemIndia for paradigm shift in solving global warming problem
Govt ready to meet Infosys  demands on road  water: MinisterGovt ready to meet Infosys  demands on road  water: Minister
Hero MotoCorp to enter European markets by 2015-endHero MotoCorp to enter European markets by 2015-end
Maruti Suzuki Swift  Nissan Datsun Go fail crash tests; get zero-star safety ratingMaruti Suzuki Swift  Nissan Datsun Go fail crash tests; get zero-star safety rating
Maruti to invest Rs 4 000cr in key areas over 2-3 yearsMaruti to invest Rs 4 000cr in key areas over 2-3 years
Jet Airways expands international services; boosts Gulf linkJet Airways expands international services; boosts Gulf link
Will IAF warning hit sales of new Xiaomi phones in IndiaE-mail
In Pic: Xiaomi Redmi 1S. Indian Air Force (IAF) has reportedly warned against using the devices manufactured by the Chinese company Xiaomi. The IAF in its note mentioned many instances of Xiaomi phones and tablets sending back data to China. It cited a Hong Kong based user who claimed that the Redmi Note phone was automatically connecting to servers in China and sending back photos, and messages.
ADVERTISEMENT

Illinois ranks 45th in the nation in job growth  report saysIllinois ranks 45th in the nation in job growth, report says
Veteran's Job Held At The University Of Chicago
Scott Olson, Getty Images
Military veterans research employment opportunities at the Hiring Our Heroes jobs fair for veterans at the University of Chicago on July 30.
Military veterans research employment opportunities at the Hiring Our Heroes jobs fair for veterans at the University of Chicago on July 30. (Scott Olson, Getty Images)
Job Market Colleges and Universities Arizona State University
Illinois near bottom in job growth, ASU report says
Illinois ranks 45th in the nation in job growth, according to a report published Tuesday by Arizona State University.
Employers have created more than 2.4 million jobs through September, an increase of less than 2 percent from the same period last year. While all states have chipped in for those jobs, some states' job growth rates are rising faster than others.
cComments
Let me revise my comments about this story. The underlying "analysis" uses "Not seasonally adjusted" data for its 9 month analysis. That is a no-no. If you use the 12 month data available from their website, IL improves to 36th place....
stichmo
19
Lee McPheters, a research professor at the W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, said some big states, like Illinois, are growing at a rate below the national average and thus are lagging behind.
Overall, the entire country is seeing slow growth, McPheters said. Economists would like to see job growth at 3.5 to 4 percent, but gross domestic product is expected to grow at about 2 percent this year, which means that job growth will be modest, too.
"You can't have jobs exploding and economic output not growing at a fast rate," he said.
Illinois added 36,000 jobs in the first three quarters of the year, but the increase amounts to a growth of less than 1 percent from last year. Similarly, Texas has added more than 360,000 jobs, but that's only an increase of 2.24 percent from last year, according to the report.
Leading the list of job creators is North Dakota, which is benefiting from an oil and gas boom. The state has added more than 20,000 jobs, an increase of nearly 5 percent from last year.
At the bottom of the list is Alaska, which has added a few hundred jobs, or an increase of 0.08 percent from last year.

States Are Leaving Congress Behind On The Minimum WageMore Red States Are Poised To Raise The Minimum Wage
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Republicans in Congress may be in no mood to hike the minimum wage, but four conservative-leaning states are poised to do it on their own next week.
Initiatives to raise the minimum wage appear on the ballot in Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota on Tuesday. Alaska, Arkansas and South Dakota all have Republican-controlled legislatures, and Nebraska is solidly red despite the official lack of party affiliation in its statehouse.
Recent polls have shown strong support for each of these ballot initiatives. That should come as no surprise. The idea of hiking the wage floor tends to receive bipartisan backing among Americans, with around two-thirds of voters saying they favor such proposals in most surveys.
"We're expecting them all to go through," said Tsedeye Gebreselassie, an attorney with the National Employment Law Project Action Fund, which advocates for a higher minimum wage. "I would be shocked if it didn't go through in any of the states."
If the ballot measures pass, they will mark a milestone of sorts for the minimum wage.
Twenty-two states and the District of Columbia currently have their own minimum wage set higher than the federal level of $7.25 per hour, and Maryland and Hawaii will soon join them thanks to laws passed earlier this year. Of the four states weighing proposals next week, three of them -- Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota -- have their wage floors set at just $7.25.
If all four ballot measures make it through, a majority of states will have effectively determined that the federal minimum wage set by Congress is too low. They would include large swaths of the U.S. where the cost of living is generally lower than average -- a common argument among conservatives against raising the federal wage floor.
Alaska's measure would hike the state's minimum wage from $7.75 to $9.75 by 2016. Arkansas' minimum wage would go to $8.50 by 2017, Nebraska's to $9 by 2016, and South Dakota's to $8.50 by next year. The measures in Alaska and South Dakota would also tie the minimum wage to an inflation index, so that the wage floor would rise with the cost of living. Ten states have already indexed their minimum wages .
Illinois also has a minimum wage measure on the ballot Tuesday, though it's nonbinding and merely allows voters to send a message to state lawmakers.
The last time the country saw so many minimum-wage ballot initiatives in a midterm election was 2006, when there were six -- in Arizona, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Nevada and Ohio. The fate of those measures bodes well for the backers of this year's initiatives: Every one of them passed.
Democrats in Congress have proposed raising the federal minimum wage to $10.10 and tying it to inflation, a measure backed by President Barack Obama. House Republicans have so far refused to give the bill a vote, however, and Senate Democrats haven't managed to round up enough votes to overcome a GOP filibuster. If Republicans win control of the Senate next week, the prospects of a federal minimum wage hike anytime soon will become even dimmer.
Given the gridlock in Washington, the president has urged cities and states to bypass Congress and raise their own minimum wages.
"To every mayor, governor and state legislator in America, I say, 'You don't have to wait for Congress to act,'" Obama said in his State of the Union speech in January. "Americans will support you if you take this on."
More:

Virgin Galactic Will  Not Push On Blindly  After Crashreddit
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson on Saturday cast doubt on the future of his commercial space tourism company.
A day after the pilot of a Virgin Galactic rocket plane died in a crash and another was injured during a test flight, the billionaire vowed to investigate the accident and said he "would like to see the dream living on."
"We would love to finish what we started some years ago," Branson said at a press conference in California. "I think pretty well all our astronauts would love to finish it, and would love to go to space."
The National Transportation Safety Board opened an investigation on Saturday into what caused the SpaceShipTwo shuttle to crash, seriously injuring one pilot and killing 39-year-old Michael Alsbury. Founded in 2004, Virgin Galactic is working to provide suborbital spaceflight to tourists and scientists.
The accident on Friday underscores the dangers facing the nascent space travel industry, led in recent years by Branson and billionaire SpaceX founder Elon Musk.
On Tuesday, an unmanned Antares rocket exploded six seconds after liftoff from NASA's Wallops Island launch pad in Virginia. The rocket was ferrying supplies to the International Space Station.
A GIF of the Antares rocket exploding after takeoff.
No one was hurt in Tuesday's explosion, but shares in the company that developed the rocket, Orbital Sciences Corporation, plummeted afterward. The company said it would investigate what went wrong.
"It's a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon," John Logsdon, a retired space policy director at George Washington University, told the Associated Press . "There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand."
On Saturday, Branson appeared somber as he told reporters Virgin Galactic, the space-travel arm of his business empire, would "not push on blindly."
"We owe it to our test pilots to figure out what went wrong," the British mogul said. "If we can overcome it, we'll make absolutely certain that the dream lives on."
More:

How to Deal With Office Politics... And WinHow do you win at office politics? : originally appeared on Quora : The best answer to any question. Ask a question, get a great answer. Learn from experts and access insider knowledge. You can follow Quora on Twitter , Facebook , and Google+ .
Answer by Michael O. Church , Functional programmer and machine learning engineer in Baltimore.
There's no easy answer, but the mistake most people make is that they let their guard down. Supposedly "informal" environments are the most dangerous. The politics in these startups are often far worse than in conservative, larger companies. Often, permissions are given to do things that are actually harmful to a person's career. People (even managers) will egg you on up to and beyond the event horizon of a ruined career, because you're allaying their ennui.
Avoid activities that serve no purpose. I screwed up on this one, by posting on a mailing list ("eng-misc") at Google. The best-case outcome is that you establish that you put a low value on your time. When you're at work, always have a purpose, or appear to have one. The sideshows are for losers, to make existence at the bottom more bearable. Never take part in plebeian bullshit. The worst-case outcome is professional humiliation, because societies and substructures that have no purpose devolve into interpersonal nastiness. If you don't have anything else to do, figure out what you want to do and get better at it. Sit down at your computer and read. You'll probably never get fired for reading machine learning papers on your computer (you'll stay out of trouble, with your head down) but you will get pushed out or demoted (eventually) if you project low status, and putting a visible low value on your time has that effect.
"Informal" environments are a lie. Most people wouldn't be comfortable with 20 strangers in their house, but we have to deal with the curse of having strangers in our careers. This is uncomfortable and stressful and many workplaces like to pretend that it's not the case, thereby encouraging people to behave in "laid back" (read: unguarded and socially unacceptable) ways. This makes it easier for management (it's easier to tell who to fire) but it's not for the worker's benefit. Never let your guard down. Complainers (even justified ones) and blowhards still get shot in the head, in these "informal" environments. It's just not publicized.
Hear (some) gossip but don't generate it. Be aware of what's going on, but don't get involved. You have to be above that nonsense. If you don't have actual work to do, you still want it to seem like you do. Don't ever be seen hearing gossip by anyone but the person telling you the news. Once the gossip gets repetitive, stop hearing it. You have better things to do.
Up or diagonal. Always have a goal and a purpose. Be aiming for better things. But don't necessarily fixate on one vector. If your goal is to take your boss's job, then you're competing with him and you won't win. You're better off to keep an open eye for up-and-left and up-and-right. Once you can find a vector that doesn't conflict with anyone else, follow that. Put 3 hours per day, if you can, into work that advances your own career goals (learning new skills, networking) but avoid doing it in a showy or threatening way.
Don't mistake fake enthusiasm for support. People will readily show enthusiasm for ideas and activities that are actually harmful to your career. If you stand up in a town hall meeting and tell the CEO that your company's health benefits or stock option plan are shit, you'll get a lot of high-fives and congratulations (from people who don't matter, mostly; and, sometimes, malevolently from people who do). They "like" you because you're (stupidly) fighting their battle, but they won't have your back. Don't put yourself out there without genuine support (i.e. people will take career risks to defend you, and would possibly follow you if you had to change companies).
Many people are slime balls, but don't be one. There are plenty of unethical people who do very well in business, if you are unskilled enough in office politics that you need to read advice on the internet, you're not going to become one of them. Better to develop a reputation as a straight shooter by being one.
Occasionally be intimidating. Don't overdo it. You don't want to be seen as weak, but don't try too hard to appear strong, because the latter will have the opposite effect. If you work in an environment where you wouldn't be the only person wearing a sport coat or even suit, then wear one. A tie is a socially acceptable way to wear a sword (a symbol of freedom). A suit means you are properly armored. It's not comfortable, but you shouldn't be too comfortable at work.
More questions on Quora :

Stigma and Big Pharma: Why Are States Denying People Who Use Illicit Drugs or Alcohol Life-saving Medical Treatmentreddit
Imagine learning that your terminal illness could be cured only to be told that you were going to denied access to the medication that could save you. This is precisely the situation facing thousands of people living with the hepatitis C virus (HCV). Gilead, the maker of Sovaldi, a medication that has shown promise in treating HCV, has come under a lot of fire for the high cost of their product. A course of treatment with Sovaldi costs around $84,000 but is estimated to be up 90 percent effective in suppressing HCV , a notoriously hard-to-treat disease. Since HCV affects an estimated 3.2 million Americans , insurers -- both public and private -- are struggling with how to cover treatment costs.
Some insurers have turned to rationing policies, including denying access to people who use illicit drugs or who have alcohol problems. Preliminary findings from researchers at Harvard and Brown analyzing states' Medicaid programs found 30 states have restricted access to Sovaldi for people with alcohol or drug-abuse problems. These restrictions could result in denying thousands of those most in need access to Sovaldi -- one third of young and 70-90 percent of older injection drugs users are HCV-infected .
The problem is that these restrictions have no basis in science. Treating HCV also reduces transmission to others and so makes good public health sense. Moreover, there is no evidence to suggest either that people who use drugs won't adhere to the medication regime or that Sovaldi is somehow less effective for people who use drugs, like opioids. Indeed, in clinical trials, the drug was given with methadone to patients in opioid treatment programs, and the FDA has indicated Sovaldi can be given with methadone without having to make any dosing adjustments. Presumably, people taking legal narcotics, like Vicodin, won't be denied. There don't seem to be any other treatments that Medicaid denies to people who use illicit drugs. So why this one?
The high costs of Sovaldi have made rationing its use an apparently desirable strategy for many states, and the stigma surrounding people who use illicit drugs makes them an easy target. These policies are, at best, based on assumptions not supported by the current science and, at worst, straight up discrimination against a marginalized and often despised group. It's hard to imagine that we would withhold insulin from a diabetic who continued to eat sugar, but denying a life-saving medication to a person who uses or used to use illicit drugs doesn't seem to even raise an eyebrow.
Despite years of proclaiming that addiction is a disease, our government has continued to perpetuate a war on drugs that treats addiction as a crime, not a health problem. Given a broader political and historical context that continues to punish certain people for certain kinds of drug use, as a nation, we generally continue to see people who struggle with addiction, especially addiction to particular kinds of drugs, as the object of our mistrust, scorn, and even hatred. A body of research on drug use and stigma has found that no physical or psychiatric condition is more strongly associated with social disapproval and discrimination than drug use, and people who struggle with drug use are less likely to be offered help than are people with a mental illness or physical disability . Stigma against drug users has long had very real, material consequences, including barriers to accessing health care and treatment and discrimination in employment and housing. Now it seems, stigma against people using drugs can even justify denying them a life-saving medical treatment.
So what's a Medicaid program to do in the face of the astronomically high price of Sovaldi? Instead of denying people who use drugs access to the most promising treatment for this deadly disease, Medicaid programs should be pushing back against Gilead. The New York Times recently reported that Gilead could cut the drug's price by 99 percent and still profit from sales of Sovaldi. Gilead recently made Sovaldi available to developing countries, like India, for $900. Rather than instituting discriminatory rationing schemes, Medicaid programs in the U.S. should be targeting their energy at getting similar deals from Gilead and making Sovaldi available to all who might benefit.
Julie Netherland is the New York deputy state director for the Drug Policy Alliance.
More:

The Characters in Your LinkedIn Networkreddit
LinkedIn started as a wonderful tool to professionally develop with avenues such as social selling , recruiting and B2B advertising , but now it is in a dark place.  Kind of like that place the Cleveland Cavaliers went after LeBron James left.  This is our fault a lot more than LinkedIn's.  They created this utopia of a professional network that a few social media super-villains ruined. These characters already ruined your inbox .
Below are the characters in your LinkedIn network.
The Connection Collector - The people who collect connections on LinkedIn like '90s kids -- and middle-aged men wearing tacky Hawaiian T-shirts today -- collect sports cards.  Imagine the Connection Collector in the pre-LinkedIn era.  They would probably hit up every office and shopping mall hounding successful-looking people for business cards.
Mufasa - The LinkedIn LION who has 5,000 connections. I don't think I've seen 5,000 people in a crowd before, let alone actually know them.  Granted, I don't know exactly what 5,000 people in one place looks like.  Sue me... I've never been to an Atlanta Hawks game (although that would be more like 3,000 people).
Simba - The student who just can't wait to be king and thinks they're ready now.  They message the CEO of every company looking for a job.  Look, ace, I'm sure whomever you're messaging on LinkedIn would love to yell Hakuna Matata and have no worries for the rest of their days too.  But they can't if you keep interrupting them. Try doing this instead .  Don't ask someone you don't know for help (and realistically expect them to be able to).
Rocky Balboa - These people make you feel you're about to fight Carl Weathers or Mr. T .  They littler your newsfeed with inspirational quotes about entrepreneurship, sales and subtle messages about changing jobs.  Everyone needs inspiration once and a while.  Once and a while being the key term.  They rapidly post these quotes every five minutes.  Imagine working with this person. They'd be too busy inspiring their LinkedIn contacts all day to do any work.  You know this person goes home and binge-watches Rocky training montages all evening.
Bobba Fett - The hired goon that recruits people for jobs on LinkedIn.  Headhunters in the offline world. These people scour LinkedIn looking for hard-to-find people to fill hard-to-find jobs.  Think about people that are masters of a hard-to-find skill (know specific computer technologies, software platforms or how to dance with wolves during days of thunder).
Kraven The Hunter - The master salesperson.  They've conquered and hunted all the game in the new business jungle... and you're next.  This sales-person handpicks their targets, leverages personal information we put on LinkedIn to find common ground and plays to our self-interest in order to win business.  They are dangerous and diabolical because they lead with our passions (where we went to school and favorite hobbies) to get a response.  LinkedIn calls them social sellers.
Marilyn Monroe - The 1 percenters on LinkedIn that Bobba Fett and Kraven The Hunter covet.  They are the life of the LinkedIn party that everyone wants to talk to. If LinkedIn was a networking event everyone would be buying them a drink.  Usually these people are put-off by LinkedIn messages though.  After all, nothing says "leave me the heck alone" more than this:
Uncle Phil (providers) - The small percentage of LinkedIn users that actually pay for their accounts.  They are the only people that use all of LinkedIn's services too.  Even the "Request Introduction" feature.  Sure, Uncle Phil! Even though I don't really know you, I'd be happy to introduce you to my "connection" Aunt Jane (I don't really know her either).
The Fresh Prince (moochers) - The millions of us that get to use LinkedIn for free because of the 1-2,000 Uncle Phils out there.
The One-Call Wonder - The person you had one forgettable eight-minute call with, but now it's the call you'll never forget since they added you on LinkedIn afterward.  Now you're stuck with their updates being emailed to you ("See Jane Salesperson's latest post") regularly for the rest of your life.  LinkedIn is happy to remind you on Sunday morning when the One-Call Wonder does the LinkedIn equivalent of changing their shoes ("Johnny Jobseeker posted something you aren't interested in on a group you don't want to join!").
Fans Of Richard Branson -People who post everything Richard Branson says on LinkedIn.
Big Fans Of Richard Branson - People who post about everything Richard Branson says on LinkedIn.   By post I mean 3,500-word, long-form post/analysis
The Not-So Secret Admirer - The person who sets their profile to "Anonymous profile characteristics."  This isn't fooling anyone.  How many people do you really know that mow lawns in the Sahara Desert and love food that ends in "amburgers"? The person who wrote this programming algorithm would be a lousy Secret Santa.
The Fan - The person you barely know that still endorses you for various skills.  What's creepier is that The Fan also endorses you for skills you don't have.  This sets off a chain reaction of other people endorsing you for something you know nothing about.  According to 10 people, I know a lot about Animal Welfare. I know nothing about Animal Welfare.  I know animals exist (mostly in the jungle or in my garden and hopefully not in my house) and need care, but that's about it.
The Beautiful Mind - You've all seen Russell Crowe's depiction of John Nash .  Now meet the one in your LinkedIn profile.  They post math problems and bait you into answering by implying only geniuses can get this arithmetic question right.  The irony is that there is usually a grammatical error in the image.
Crazy Job Title Guy - The person whose job title is more dramatic than a Bollywood movie.  They aren't a "Mattress Tester," they are "improving the way the world rests and rejuvenates."  These people are also "thought leaders."  I think most people lead their own thoughts from time to time.  You know, when they are not being dictated to them by LinkedIn Influencers or wannabe-LinkedIn influencers.
I enjoy my time on LinkedIn and a lot of other people do too.  Let's all make a scouts pact to use our presence on LinkedIn to make the world a better place.  There's hope still! The night is darkest just before the dawn.
And LeBron did go back to Cleveland.
About the Author:
Sajeel Qureshi is the VP of Operations at Computan , a digital marketing and software company. Computan serves as the digital department for numerous businesses throughout the globe ranging from start-ups to multinationals.
He has a degree in Business Administration from St. Bonaventure University and MBA from Eastern Illinois University. Sajeel plays tennis well enough to convince the untrained eye that he knows what he is doing and poor enough that the trained eye submits him to a drug test.
Follow Sajeel Qureshi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/computan
More:

4 Things to Consider When Choosing an Interview Outfitreddit
"I have absolutely nothing to wear! Amber, please come over... and bring some options!!"
This was the panicked phone call I received from a friend. She had an interview and was stumped on what to wear. When I arrived to her studio apartment, it looked like a fashion massacre. Clothes strewn about everywhere, shoes in a pile on the floor, jewelry hanging from the doorknobs, and my friend on her bed with tears in her eyes.
What she experienced is something that we all face as millennial women at some point in our lives. I classify it as a form of interview anxiety, when we place so much value on the interview that everything becomes make it or break it. We think "If I wear the wrong shoes, they'll think I'm impractical and not hire me!" or "If I wear my hair in its curly state, they won't take me seriously." The best way to combat this form of anxiety is to remember what's important. When clients call me to seek advice on interview attire, I always give them a checklist of 10 important points to consider in choosing their outfits.
Here are the four most important considerations on that list that will make your next interview a piece of cake (and who doesn't love cake?):
1. What's the company culture?
The last thing you want to do is seem like you didn't do your research on the company. Imagine walking into Google for an interview in a two-piece suit or interviewing at American Express in ripped jeans and a T-shirt. Knowing what the company culture is can help you decide what level of dress you need for your interview.  I also suggest that clients consider the attire of the company and dress one step above for the interview.
2. What are you doing during the interview?
I once interviewed with a Fortune 500 organization for a Corporate Trainer position. I knew the interview would involve a presentation, so I wore my most comfy heels, as I would only be standing for about 15 minutes. What I did not know was that the interview also involved an hour and a half tour of the company's campus! When you say "dogs barking" you still wouldn't be close to how my feet felt afterwards! Ask your interviewer for an interview schedule to avoid any surprises like this.
3. Is this your first interview with the company?
You may wonder what this has to do with a hill of beans, but hear me out -- it matters! The first interview, I recommend you go with a more neutral, toned-down interview 'fit. This gives you the chance to see what everyone else who works there wears. The traditional recommendation is to take the company's dress code and dress a step above it for the interview. You know, the whole "Dress for the job you want" rule. However, this rule doesn't apply if it's the second, third, or fourth interview. At those points, you should show the company you understand and appreciate their dress code.
I once interviewed a potential HR candidate who showed up to our "jeans and T-shirt" environment with a three-piece suit. The first interview -- no problem, he nailed the interview and we figured for the second interview, he would adapt a bit. Wrong! Homeboy showed up in a new three-piece ensemble for every single level of interviewing. Ultimately, we selected a different candidate due to skill-set, but by the third interview, I was disappointed that he hadn't picked up on our laid back dress code. It made me, as the hiring manager, feel he wouldn't do well with our company culture if, after three interviews, he still suited up.
I'm not by any means saying he had to show up in jeans if that wasn't his style (see number 4), but to tone down the severity of the suit for our company culture, would have showed us that he knew what was up!
4. Is the outfit reflective of your personal style?
It's important that you be yourself, we millennials are known for it. As a corporate trainer, I would tell new hires that they now are responsible for bringing the version of themselves that they showed during their interview to work every day. The same goes for you attire. Companies are much more progressive than they were 15 years ago.
The old thoughts of "dress conservatively" no longer apply and it's better to see how a company reacts to the real you during the interview, than it is once you have the job. I mean, think about it, I would never want to work somewhere that tells me I can't wear my natural curly hair, or that is frightened of a little print. Now, that's not to say get crazy in what you wear, always remember our first consideration. The company's environment may not call for you to rock bright blue hair, but if that's who you are and want to be, then perhaps that company isn't for you.
Remember, an interview is like a first date; they may remember what you wear, but they'll most likely most remember what you said and how you carried yourself. An amazing outfit is just the icing on the interview cake.
Follow Amber Aziza on Twitter: www.twitter.com/amber_aziza
More:

Will Democrats Be Able to Talk Seriously About the Economy in 2016reddit
It looks like the Democrats will take another shellacking in the congressional elections this week. Part of this is due to factors like the normal falloff in voting in a non-presidential year and the weariness with a president after six years in office, which tends to cause the electorate to support the opposing party.
However, part of the reason for the shellacking is the Democrats' refusal to address the economic issues that trouble most of the public. As folks know who are either familiar with the data or live in the real world, the economy is still bad for most people. President Obama can rightly say that he inherited a mess from his predecessor, but at some point that does get old. He can also honestly blame the Republicans in Congress who have eagerly proclaimed their opposition to any economic proposal that doesn't have the primary purpose of making the rich even richer.
While the grim reality can offer legitimate excuses, the Democrats still suffered from the fact that they didn't have a real economic agenda for the bulk of the population. The Republicans at least have a clear agenda. Everyone knows if they get back in control they will give everything left on the table to the richest 1 percent. But what would the Democrats do?
We do know they would raise the minimum wage. This is good policy to get more money in the pockets of low income workers who can badly use a raise. It is also popular. Polls regularly show that large majorities of people across the political spectrum support increasing the minimum wage.
Still, a higher minimum wage doesn't offer anything to the bulk of the labor force whose wages will not be affected by plausible increases in the minimum wage. To these people the Democrats offered nothing but empty rhetoric and the public wasn't stupid enough to buy it.
There is no shortage of policies that the Democrats could be pushing which would help ordinary workers. To start with one that features prominently in the business press, the Democrats could take a strong position behind an expansionary monetary policy from the Federal Reserve Board. This means strong opposition to rate increases until there is clear evidence of inflation.
The Fed is independent and has to make its own calls, but it would help them make the right calls if they know that there are many in Congress who are prepared to insist the Fed follow its mandate for maintaining high employment. The Fed faces intense pressure from the financial industry to pounce on any hint of inflation.
The financial industry wants the Fed to raise interest rates to keep unemployment high and prevent workers from gaining bargaining power. It would be a nice switch if Democrats stood could say in public that the Fed should allow workers to get jobs and to gain some bargaining power.
Another switch would be if the Democrats could talk seriously about the trade deficit. Talk of restoring "competitiveness" is cute, but basically complete nonsense. No one in either party has any proposal that will make more than a marginal difference in the productivity of the U.S. economy any time in the near future.
If we want to get the trade deficit down then we have to get the value of the dollar down against the currencies of our trading partners. And this is not a question of beating them up for "manipulating" their currency. It is a question of negotiating where we give up things like enforcement of Microsoft's copyrights or Pfizer's patent monopolies in exchange for a lower valued dollar, and therefore more balanced trade.
Democrats also should be able to speak simple truths about national income accounting instead of being afraid in the way that Republicans are scared to openly endorse the theory of evolution. If we have a large trade deficit, the only ways we can get to potential GDP is either through asset bubbles that pump up investment and consumption or through government deficits. Like evolution, this is true.
Unfortunately the Democratic Party seems to be controlled by economics denialists. This will prevent it from having a coherent economic message.
Finally, a Democratic Party that hopes to have an appealing economic message for ordinary workers has to be prepared to attack Wall Street. This is not an abstraction. If the industry was forced to pay the same sort of taxes as other industries, as even the I.M.F. now advocates, and we broke up the big banks, it would go far towards ending the financial sector's drain on the rest of the economy. It would also go far toward reducing inequality.
In short, it is not surprising that voters are not happy with the Democrats. They do not have a program that offers real improvement in the average person's life. And the message that the other guy is worse apparently is not cutting it this year.
Follow Dean Baker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DeanBaker13
More:

Women in Business: Tonya Lewis Lee  Writer  Producer and Entrepreneur  Queen Beereddit
Tonya Lewis Lee has been a creative presence in children's literature and production for almost 15 years. After transitioning from a career as a corporate lawyer, Lewis Lee joined up with Nickelodeon to produce interstitial programming for them featuring various artists including Savion Glover, Gregory Hines, Whoopi Goldberg, and Queen Latifah. She also produced the documentary I Sit Where I Want: The Legacy of Brown v. Board of Education and series programming Miracle's Boys for Noggin/The N, eventually working with TVLand to produce the series That's What I'm Talking About, hosted by Wayne Brady, and then on to HBO where she wrote the screenplay for The Watsons Go to Birmingham.
Outspoken on the issues of women and race, Lewis Lee has appeared on national and local television and radio across the country. She has also served as a consultant to television news networks and Fortune 500 companies. She has also written for magazines such as Avenue, Gotham, O at Home, and Glamour, to which she contributed two campaign trail interviews (2007 and 2008) with Michelle Obama. She has also been featured in The New York Times, Avenue, Town and Country, New York Magazine, O, Essence, Ebony, NV Magazine, Redbook, Child, and New York Family Magazine. She has received numerous awards for her literary, production, and advocacy work.
The reality series QUEEN BEE is available at Ora.TV/QueenBee and follows female entrepreneurs as they pitch, develop, manufacture and market their products in attempt to create America's next big consumer brand.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I grew up as the oldest of two girls, so in a way, I was the boy my father did not have. My parents raised me with the sense that I had to take care of myself, be particular at my work and to follow through on things.  One thing they hated was when I started something and didn't finish it. We also moved around a lot and I think while in some ways being uprooted can be tough it teaches adaptability.  One of my father's favorite lines is "You gotta be flexible." As a leader it is important not just to have vision, but you have to be able to adapt, be flexible and keep going. And to lead by example. I think also working as an associate at a law firm where the partners were unforgiving taught me that the best lessons are sometimes learned through tough love.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at Queen Bee?
I have had an entrepreneurial spirit for a long time.  I've been able to make some things happen and others I've toiled away on for years without bringing them to fruition. Thus the life of an entrepreneur. As a writer, producer and head of my own start up I know first hand the risks, the ups and downs of building your own business.  I've had to learn how to weed through good advice and bad. And I'm still learning. I watch the three young women who are our contestants and know what it is like to pitch one's vision to someone and have them reject it and to have them accept it.  Sometimes rejection is the best lesson, but nothing feels as good as getting others on board with your vision.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Queen Bee?
The highlights of being a part of Queen Bee have been meeting these three incredible young entrepreneurs. They each have such different business ideas, but I love the energy of starting something new and learning as you build.  I'm excited for all of them. I also loved meeting our smart judges. I learned so much from listening to them advise our contestants.
The biggest challenge for me on Queen Bee was to be on camera. I'm a behind the camera kind of girl, so to be on the other side took an adjustment.
What advice can you offer women who are seeking to make a business work through crowd funding?
I've never crowd funded myself, but I had a front row seat when my husband launched his crowd funding campaign for his independent film. What I will say is, recognize that it is like another job... and plan for it so you can manage both the day to day of your work and that of the campaign.  Come up with really fun and interesting giveaways and lean on your friends and family!
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
These days I'm not sure how well I'm maintaining that balance and that is okay. My oldest is in college and my youngest is a senior who will be on his way out of the house soon. I love working and I love the people with whom I work. I feel like my work is integrated in my life so I'm fortunate in that way. When my children were younger I had the challenge and the blessing  of working in a way that allowed me to be there for them especially since their father was and is always on the go.  Soon that won't be an issue for me and I can't wait.  But I have enjoyed every moment of raising my children and know that being with them has informed my own work and made them and me better.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
I think the biggest issue for women in the work place is inequity at home and in the workplace.  There seems to be an expectation that women should take care of home completely and then be able to take care of work completely all for less pay.  I do think that is changing a bit... but we still have a ways to go.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I think of mentorship as not just from those that come before you or have more experience than you, but also as a lateral sharing of experiences between people in similar businesses. I've learned so much from people I've worked with. No one can build a business or develop into a successful leader without the help of others. I have been fortunate to have good people around me which is critical. You want good mentorship from good people so choose wisely. I would not be where I am today if it weren't for the brilliant advice and guidance  of so many, personally and professionally. And the truth is that personal and professional overlaps.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
There are so many that I can't name them all.  From Robin Roberts to Pamela Thomas Graham to Tina Brown to my partner, Nikki Silver and others who may not have public recognition. What I admire in these women is their incredible intelligence, drive, passion and energy. They have the gumption to go out in the world and make their mark  through their own unique talent and they don't apologize for it. They adapt, they are flexible and they keep going. They go for it. They are audacious and we are better for it.
What do you want Queen Bee to accomplish?
I hope Queen Bee inspires and encourages men and women to turn their dreams into incredible ventures.  While there is absolutely risk in starting and building one's own business, it is so much fun and so gratifying when it works. And the advice given by our illustrious panel of judges is good for everyone from the first time business owner to the seasoned entrepreneur. I hope everyone finds a bit of a takeaway from the show. I know I did.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Alex from Target : Can I Do This With My Brandreddit
As #alexfromtarget is fascinating the Internet and creating a ton of brand buzz for Target, marketers may be asking: Can I do this with my brand? The answer lies in marketing's knowledge about diffusion and market creation.
On October 26, Twitter user @brooklynjreiff posted a photo of a kid who works at Target in his uniform. It was re-posted several times over the following days. Then, suddenly, the Internet fell in love, and #alexfromtarget was tweeted over 1 million times. Yesterday, Alex from Target hit the mainstream media, CNN, USA Today, and Huffington Post began reporting about him, and celebrities like Ellen Degeneres started following him. So how about Mike from McDonald's or Stephanie from Starbucks?
The case of #alexfromtarget feeds into our longstanding epidemiological fantasies: the idea of creating an innovation, a new technology, an advertising campaign, a meme, or a piece of online content so brilliantly designed, captivating, funny or otherwise compelling, it will virtually spread overnight.
Originally rooted in biology, viral spread -- or "innovation diffusion" as it is commonly called -- has a long tradition in marketing. Marketing professor Frank Bass was among the first to theorize the process of how new products get adopted differently in a population of innovators and imitators, thereby founding an entire research tradition in marketing. Over time, as researchers have developed ever-more sophisticated theorizations as well as practical applications such as Jonah Berger's Contagious, The Heath brothers' Made to Stick, Seth Godin's Idea Virus, or Malcolm Gladwell's The Tipping Point, this so-called diffusionist model has truly become a metaphor we live by. Society is a kind of sponge and an innovation's success can be explained in terms of the product's inherent characteristics and/or the resisting medium (the consumer's individual decisions about what to pick up).
But there are limits. Why, for instance, did the Dvorak keyboard, an innovation clearly superior to the QWERTY keyboard, fail to spread?
Proponents of linear diffusion would argue that people were not aware of the better keyboard or did not have enough knowledge to understand its benefits. But a more realistic explanation is probably that too many vested interests (companies, institutions, consumers, etc.) were attached to the QWERTY keyboard and that this prevented the Dvorak keyboard from being adopted.
And that's where the sociological view on innovation starts: translation -- or all the strategies that are involved in redefining actors and their goals in ways that make a particular new technology, idea or content acceptable, legitimate, or even natural.
Translation proceeds from a very different set of assumptions to those assumed in diffusion. Perhaps the most important is that the mere existence of a powerful thing (a new medicine, a revolutionary engine, or a super funny joke) does not always automatically confer its ability to spread unless other actors are persuaded to carry it forward.
The success or failure of an innovation lies therefore no longer in Alex from Target, his cuteness, or the humour that is portrayed in the photo, but rather in the hands of multiple actors who may deal with Alex very differently. Some people will adore him. Others will caricature him. Others will look at the Starbucks logo behind him and smell product placement. Yet others will view Alex as prima-facie evidence of some sort of stealth campaign to get Target out of the negative headlines.
All of this leads to a fascinating insight. Instead of diffusion or transmission (a process where the meaning of the thing that gets shared essentially stays the same), we have a sociological process of transformation. Strictly speaking, the meme of Alex from Target did not go viral. Instead, the very idea that there was a contagious meme only emerged during the process of hundreds of thousands of people sharing, manipulating, and adding entirely new meanings to the original photo through Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and other platforms.
Whereas tradition approaches argue that emphasizing surprise, humor, or usefulness makes a new product or idea more viral, more recent sociological approaches reject virality as an oversimplified approach and instead propose tactics marketers can use to make consumers do something they would otherwise not do (e.g., throw a bucket of ice water over their heads, use their cell phones to measure their heart rate, or get a botulinum toxin injection to look young). As I have shown in a study on the creation the Botox Cosmetic market in the Journal of Marketing, market creation is a sociological process that marketers can systematically execute. But it is also a very tedious, time-consuming, and expensive one that requires marketers to frequently intervene into the meaning-making process -- to ensure the ongoing support of multiple stakeholders such as medical experts, the media, celebrities, and regular consumers.
So, in view of this complexity, can I do this with my brand? Probably not.
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

What Business Leaders Can Learn From The Marinesreddit
With Veterans Day approaching, it's the perfect time not just to celebrate and honor our U.S. Armed Forces, but also to consider how their example might apply to our daily lives -- including how we conduct ourselves in business.
We can learn valuable business lessons from, in particular, the Marines.  Their website explains the 14 leadership traits -- such as justice, judgment, endurance and loyalty -- that facilitate their success.  Though all 14 of the Marines' leadership traits are important, here are three traits that I believe are particularly valuable in the business world.
Integrity
From my encounters and research, I've gathered that integrity is inscribed into a Marine's character from the earliest days of training. Marine Corps 1st Lieutenant Gregory Rives shared with me that at Officer Candidate School, "Pretty much the only thing you can do that will guarantee you get sent home immediately is lie. No matter what your other faults are -- lack of confidence, too slow on a run, freezing up while you are in charge -- all of those things can be remedied, or at least you can earn another chance to prove yourself. Lie about the smallest detail, however, and you are gone without question."
Marines focus heavily on the importance of honesty because in a combat environment, it is known that people naturally follow those who display exemplary character. "When all else is shrouded in uncertainty, one's trust in his or her leader can also be a lifeline. There just isn't time to have subordinates constantly questioning the true motives and incentives of their leadership," says Lieutenant Rives.
As a business professional, you may not find yourself in such hostile situations; however, both environments share the opportunity for conflict, alliance, deception, victory, and defeat. In the business world, trust, accountability, and direct communication can give you an edge over the competition.
Dependability
Another critical trait is dependability. According to Lieutenant Rives, the Marine Corps thrives by decentralizing their decision-making down to the lowest tactical level, depending on their subordinate leaders to make decisions on the ground. This is a powerful strategy, given that frontline soldiers typically have the best understanding of the real-time intricacies of each situation, as well as of the capabilities and limitations of their team. However, this environment can only work if leadership can depend on their teams and vice versa.
In the Marines, as in business, Lieutenant Rives affirms that, "A dependable team can make all the difference, giving the leadership flexibility to focus on strategic decisions while delegating other critical work of the organization, and giving reports confidence in the direction of the operation." With a sufficiently dedicated team, organizational leaders can take comfort knowing that the teams will give everything they have in order to ensure the best possible outcome. By the same token, being able to depend on your leadership is as powerful as any other motivating force for junior members of any organization.
Enthusiasm
There is no such thing as a mundane mission for the Marines. They put 100 percent into every task at hand because anything worth doing is worth giving your all, as reported by the Marines Leadership website . In the workplace, this type of enthusiasm is contagious and can embolden even the weakest link. The possibility of success is increased at any company if every employee understands and believes in the mission. If you take it upon yourself to embrace the goals of your business, and openly show your enthusiasm for the work as a means to building the enterprise, others will surely follow.
Marine Corps 1st Lieutenant Steven Schiesser confirmed to me, "A real leader is able to get his or her people invested in what they are doing." He elaborates that "the best officers are those that are enthusiastic about their jobs, they are driven to stay the extra hour and spend time on outside study because of their love of the job. That is what enthusiasm does. Enthusiasm is drive. Drive is success."
Marines Get It Right
If your business is searching for a lifeline, perhaps it suffers from a lack of integrity, a low level of dependability among high-level leaders and the team, or a shortage of enthusiasm--all of which can have the effect of crippling a company's success. Combat these issues with the tried and true methods of the United States Marine Corps. Practice integrity, dependability, and enthusiasm each day to promote and cultivate a successful mission you and your team are proud of. Happy Veterans Day! OORAH!
More:

Who Are Millennial Travelers and What Do They Wantreddit
Panel discussion about Millennial travelers, at the SAHIC conference in Quito. Photo: LatinFlyer.com
The term "Millennial" is thrown around a lot nowadays. Roughly, it refers to the generation of people born anywhere between the early 1980s and the early 2000s. It's a big group of people, and they're just now starting to enter their prime traveling years. But what does this generation of younger travelers really want when it comes to hotels?
That was the topic of a panel discussion that I moderated recently at SAHIC , the South American Hotel & Investment Conference, which took place in Quito, Ecuador. It was an interesting conversation, with lots of insight from the esteemed panel: Deborah Négrel, vice president of development Americas at MGM Hakkasan Hospitality, Mariano Porcel, sales director South America Southern Cone at Travel Click, and Santiago Parra, business development director at City Express, the fast-growing Mexico-based hotel company. (You can find a brief, very unedited video clip from the discussion below).
Among the findings from our conversation:
• Millennial travelers want technology. They expect great WiFi, apps and accessibility via a lot of different technology channels.
• Millennial travelers believe their peers. They're less likely to listen to a straightforward advertisement for a hotel, but they will follow the comments and recommendations of their friends and colleagues via social media (likewise, they'll pay attention to negative comments, too).
• Millennial travelers want to leave their hotel rooms. The increasing popularity of more social lobby areas, with lots of space to plug in and work as well as socialize, is testament to the fact that millennial travelers are less likely to sit hunched over their hotel room desk when traveling for business or pleasure.
• Millennial travelers want unique hotel experiences. I had an interesting conversation with someone from Marriott International, who said that Millennial travelers prefer unique experiences over cookie-cutter hotels, and so that will likely play out in the design of hotels in the coming years.
• Millennial travelers are both high budget and low budget. Whether traveling for business or pleasure, Millennial travelers represent diverse economic preferences. They may stay at an expensive, trendy hotel during one trip, but then opt for a near-budget property on the next. But their demand for technology and design remains the same.
Follow Mark Chesnut on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MunderaMedia
More:

Oil Hits Four-Year Low Near $82 on Saudi Price ChangesGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
London: Brent crude oil fell to a more than four-year low near $82 a barrel on Tuesday, after top oil exporter Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States.
Front-month Brent crude touched a low of $82.08, its weakest since October 2010, and was down $2.10 at $82.68 a barrel by 1030 GMT.
US light crude was down $2.20 at $76.58 a barrel. It touched a session low of $75.84, its weakest since October 2011, as its discount to Brent hovered around $6.
The Brent price plunged more than 50 cents below last month's low of $82.60 before recovering.
"We've been seeing some technical stop loss selling because the price has reached new lows," said Christopher Bellew, a broker at Jefferies in London.
The world's top exporter increased its December sales prices, relative to benchmarks, to Asia and Europe on Monday, but lowered prices to the United States, a smaller export market.
"This is mixed news, and the fact that the positive angle has not made an impact shows that market sentiment is very negative at the moment," said Eugen Weinberg, head of commodities research at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note that the move "signalled Saudi Arabia's intention to fight for US market share and could even show its intention to squeeze US shale producers".
But analysts at JBC Energy wrote that the pricing reflected market fundamentals and did not have a political motive.
"We would strongly advocate against interpreting every month's OSP publication in the context of 'price war' and 'market share battle' stories," they said in a note.
The absence of signs that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could curb output in a well-supplied market also continued to weigh on sentiment.
The oil cartel will meet on November 27 in Vienna to discuss its output targets for next year.
Members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but the United Arab Emirates oil minister said the group is "not panicking."
OPEC's secretary general last week said production next year would not vary much from 2014, and members Iran and Kuwait have said a cut in output at the next meeting was unlikely.
"The market sentiment will stay negative until OPEC appears to be unified," said Commerzbank's Weinberg. "Everybody is blaming each other but nobody is willing to cut."
There is a growing lobby in the United States to lift a 40-year ban on US crude exports which if successful could ease a supply glut in the Atlantic Basin.
A stronger dollar was also weighing on oil prices, making the commodity more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
The dollar touched a four-year high on Monday, before slipping back slightly on Tuesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Burdwan blast: Barpeta quack  NIAs most wanted man  has four bankaccountsPrint
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval accompanied by National Security Guard (NSG) Chief J N Choudhury, NIA Director General Sharad Kumar and Intelligence Bureau(IB) chief Asif Ibrahim inspecting the blast site at Khagragarh in Burdwan district. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 7:53 pm
Sahanur Alom, the 33-year old quack from Barpeta district in Assam, who figures among NIA’s 12 “most wanted” persons involved in the Burdwan blast of October 2, has at least four bank accounts in his home district, with the agency now looking for more accounts if any in other places.
An NIA team that conducted a search in Alom’s house in village Chatala in Barpeta district on Tuesday, seized several boxes of incriminating documents, apart sealing four bank accounts including one having an ATM facility.
But, there has been no transaction in all the four accounts since August, when he had disappeared from his village along with his wife Sajina and two children. Interestingly, Alom was arrested by the local police on July 28, the day he had organized a namaz one day ahead of Eid-ul-Fitr, which had led to a clash between his supporters and a section of villagers.
Confirming this, sources in NIA said Alom had obtained bail the very day he was arrested, and disappeared two or three days later. That was more than two months before the Burdwan blast, only after which it was found that one of the 12 accused persons involved in that incident was Sahanur Alom of Barpeta.
While Alom first left his village with his family reportedly for his in-laws place after a section of fellow villagers looked at him with suspicion as he tried to propagate the Salafi tradition of Eid, he probably disappeared further after the October 2 blast.
“We have already found lot of evidence that he was part of the JMB module that was linked to the Burdwan blast. That includes evidence about Alom’s close contact with Shakil Ahmed, one of the two persons who were killed in the Burdwan blast,” a source in the NIA said today.
The NIA is now examining transactions in the four different bank accounts that it has discovered in Sahanur Alom’s name, and as also the sources of deposit. “Most of the money has been already withdrawn, but we are now looking the sources from where money was deposited,” the NIA source said. Another question before the NIA is: why did Alom, who apparently earned his living as a quack dentist in village markets, open four bank accounts?
NAI officials who conducted search in his house in village Chatala found it to be a well-furnished place, complete with TV and dish antenna, refrigerator, and a motorcycle among other items. Very few families in the neighbourhood have houses as good as Alom’s.

Why the battles dont change for women in politicsBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 4 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Patricia Schroeder, right, addresses about 600 Democrats in 1972 after winning election to Congress from Colorado. (Photo By Ernie Leyba/The Denver Post via Getty Images)
“You basically can’t do that, because it’s asking too much,” Cokie Roberts told me last week, when I asked her whether we could fix gender roles in politics without changing family dynamics first. “And you can’t say we’re not going to fight it in politics, we’re just going to fight it at the social or societal, a word I hate, level. You have to fight on all fronts.”
It is a sentiment very much in keeping with the next installment of “Makers,” AOL’s ongoing series about the women’s movement, which airs at 9 tonight on PBS stations. In tracing the rise of women in politics, from the first forays of widows who acted as caretakers for the House and Senate seats their late husbands had held to the possibility of a female president, “Makers: Women In Politics” offers some hope for progress. But it is also a frustrating document of just how intractable certain obstacles to women’s participation remain.
Take the persistent question of who will handle child care. In “Makers,” Roberts — a journalist whose mother, Lindy Boggs, represented Louisiana in the House from 1973 to 1991 — almost runs out of breath listing the numbers of “nevers” necessary to communicate that this is not an issue for men who seek office.
When we spoke, Roberts explained that Patricia Schroeder, the Colorado Democrat who was elected to the House the same year as Roberts’s mother, had come up with a novel way both to answer that query and to make people feel ashamed for having posed it.
“She was the first person to really come with little children. You saw in those pictures how young and cute she was,” Roberts reminisced. “She had this whole hysterical routine she did: ‘The children, oh the children. The children are fine. Jim [McKevitt, Schroeder's husband] and I get up in the morning, and we feed the children a wonderful nutritious breakfast that they just enjoy so much. And then we put them in the freezer. And we come home in the evening, and we defrost them, and we all have dinner together.”
Roberts thinks that, as gender and family norms shift, politics may follow. But she emphasized that change may not always come quickly. And some experiences, like having a woman in the White House with a “first husband,” may change politics in unintended ways.
In politics as in the workforce at large, “I think we certainly see it in the workforce as younger dads say, ‘I need to go to the soccer game, or to the teacher conference,’ stuff that I wouldn’t have dared say,” Roberts reflected. “But they have the confidence and they have the job security to be able to say it. It makes it easier for everyone else.”
And Roberts suggested that men who step up as caregivers when their wives pursue political careers may be marginalized rather than treated as exemplars. She recalled reading an Atlanta Journal-Constitution article about the families of candidates in state-level races, one of whom was identified as a “stay-at-home dad.”
“You know that has political implications,” Roberts said. “Don’t you suppose there are guys who think, ‘Oh, good God’? I thought about it as I was thinking about it, thinking, boy, is that unfair, but I’m sure it’s true.”
She also questioned whether the presence of a “first gentleman” in the White House might make possible an expansion of the first lady’s role. While the conventional wisdom is that a man would not be forced to give up his career if his wife took the highest office in the land, Roberts said she thinks he would likely to have to at least pause his work to avoid potential ethics issues.
“A man will have, I would suspect, even bigger problems in terms of conflicts because people will take his work more seriously,” she explained. “It’s a terrible thing to say, but true.” The end result could be to reaffirm the first spouse’s limited role and to make it seem like an issue of ethics, rather than gender politics.
But while it can feel frustrating to see the ways in which gender socialization limits women’s participation in politics, Roberts and “Makers” also argue that it can make them more effective.
Because women are attuned to caregiving issues, they have been at the forefront of social movements like abolition, and the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers’ Eagleton Institute of Politics has documented the ways in which women legislators push to advance health care and children’s issues . And when women take practical, constituent-oriented stances, as they did in the recent government shutdown, Roberts thinks “it gave [male politicians] permission to say okay, they’re right. We don’t have to stand here in our silly corners,” an idea Sen. John McCain endorses in “Makers.”
Maybe it is a double standard that constrains female politicians from grandstanding like their male counterparts. Roberts suggested that for her mother, at least, a different approach served her well.
“That was my mother’s great talent, to make everyone feel like they’d succeeded,” Roberts said. “Basically, she was well brought-up. … People can see that. If you genuinely respect the person you’re dealing with, even if it’s really hard to do in some circumstances, they come through.”
And sometimes, the only thing to do when men blatantly swipe women’s ideas or take credit for their accomplishments is to laugh hard and then keep on working.
A few days before we spoke, Roberts was at “a board meeting of a fairly sizable board, and I said something, and a man said the same thing 10 seconds later. He had no idea what everybody was laughing at, and finally they said, ‘Cokie just said that.’ ”
The experience is not new. “When I had my first child, my husband wrote a story for Good Housekeeping called ‘We Had a Baby,’ ” Roberts remembered. “I said, really? Really? Was it painful? How did it feel? Did you have stretch marks?”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Why Traditional Media Isn t Dying -- And Four Other Myths of the Digital Era Dispelledreddit
A few years ago, at the Cannes advertising festival, the chair of the judging panel for cyber creative began his opening remarks by declaring, "We are no longer creative people. We are inventors!" I found this proclamation, a portent of my own obsolescence, disconcerting.
In fact, many of us suffer from the disorientation wrought by technological change. Convention has been upended, and the digital world -- a universe of bits and bytes, atomistic fragmentation that mocks tradition -- is all variables, no constants.
CEOs look to the digital beast itself for salvation, intoxicated by new ways to maximize return on investment. But, contrary to conventional wisdom, "traditional" conceptual thinking is still fundamental to marketing.
Our new mandate: to achieve harmony between timeless brand building truth and the opportunities unleashed by digital technology.
Here are five platitudes we marketers should remember that do not fit the facts:
Myth 1:  "Traditional" media is dying. Marketers spend more than $250 billion dollars on broadcast advertising.
Our goal must be to align yin and yang -- that is, "top-down" (broadcast) and "bottom-up" (interactive) platforms.  If digital and traditional creative are conceived separately, brands lose focus, which confuses people. In addition, each achieves complementary objectives. Top-down shapes preference. Bottom-up deepens engagement -- or time spent with an idea -- that leads to loyalty.
Myth 2: The "brand idea" is an anachronism. The brand idea is not a static positioning statement. It's a commercial life force -- a product's soul, invisible but omnipresent.  It forges order from chaos as new media burgeon. The brand idea is long-term, a relationship between consumer and brands that remains consistent over time. And relationships are mutual.  They are "interactive." So are digital media. Brand ideas therefore are the underpinning of two-way engagement between consumers and brands.
Some brands get it.  In both digital and "traditional media", Axe deodorant promises "irresistible attraction" to guys looking to score.In both digital and "traditional media," Coca-Cola transcends the physical plane of quenching thirst to embody "moments of happiness." If there is no brand idea, engagement devolves into transactional carpet bombing.
Myth 3: Copywriters are dinosaurs. True, technology and creativity must be fused in new ways. The old fashioned partnership between copywriter and art director is indeed approaching its sell-by date.  But in a world transformed by digital, today's marketing needs a similarly cohesive partnership between creatives and experts on today's broader range of media platforms. One suggestion from R/GA's Chief Creative Officer Nick Law is for agencies to be populated with pairs of "conceptual distillers" and "systemic designers." The former ensures a brand's thematic focus. The latter enables a brand to blossom in the full range of three-dimensional experience.
Myth 4: "Big Data" will save us. Big Data has become invaluable to  media buying and planning.  Algorithms can target consumers very precisely, in real time and can even predict behavior -- for example, which website a surfer will go to next. But good old consumer insights, not data, best answer the question "Why?" Compelling creative is about ideas that motivate people to change behavior. Marketers can't only think about how to reach consumers, if they lose sight of how to inspire them.
Myth 5: We are all inventors now. New forms of technological engagement are not, in and of themselves, creative ideas. Technology must be harnessed to make ideas more powerful. The Nike+ ecosystem resonates because the because it breathes life into a brand idea.  Through technology, "Just do it" is always on. Google Glass makes the world a small place, adding dimension to Google's mission of "bringing the world together through technology."
Marketers have always been consumer advocates; they will always be idea masters.  And that's not just reassuring.  It is something to be proud of.
A version of this article originally appeared in Adweek magazine to support the November 11, 2014, launch of my book, Twitter Is Not a Strategy: Rediscovering the Art of Brand Marketing.
Follow Tom Doctoroff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TomDoctoroff
More:

Terror alert for Kolkata  its port; two Navy warshipswithdrawnPrint
Amidst this warning, Navy warships - INS Khukri and INS Sumitra, which had docked at the port last evening, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:17 pm
Kolkata and its port area may face a terror attack, according to a warning issued by central intelligence agencies amid which the Navy has withdrawn its two warships that were docked at the port here.
A senior Kolkata police official said that inputs have been received from central security agencies that there might be a terror attack in Kolkata, especially in the port area.
“We have beefed up security in the port area and have put the entire city under security blanket,” he said.
Amidst this warning, Navy warships – INS Khukri and INS Sumitra – which had docked at the port last evening and was scheduled to be there till November 6 for public viewing as part of Naval Day celebration, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday.
Official sources in Delhi said the withdrawal was a precautionary measure.
However, when asked whether the withdrawal of the ships wa because of the terror alert, Defence CPRO Group Captain T K Singha said “no, it has nothing to do with any terror alert.The recall of ships is strictly due to operational reasons.”
A Defence press statement issued in Kolkata said “the alacrity by which Indian warships are ready for operation at a short notice was demonstrated by the quick turnaround of the two visiting warships amply showcasing Indian Navy’s prompt readiness as the two warships are set to sail out within hours of a recall to the sea for undisclosed ‘operational reasons’ on orders by Eastern Naval Command HQ, today.”

Re-Launch of Gold Deposit Scheme Can Cut ImportsGold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: The country's gold imports could come down by 250 tonnes a year if the government re-launches a gold deposit scheme and mobilises at least one per cent of estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock lying with Indians, according to the gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp.
The current gold deposit scheme, launched in 1999, is beyond the reach of most households as it mandates a minimum deposit of 500 grams. Only temples and trusts are taking advantage of this scheme and not the general householders.
"There is a need to re-launch a gold deposit scheme with a minimum 40 grams of gold deposits. Even if we mobilise one per cent of the estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock, we will be able reduce imports by 250 tonnes a year," MMTC Pamp managing director Rajesh Khosla said.
The company has proposed a minimum gold deposit of 40 grams after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country. "The RBI has said that the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for a notification," he said.
Stating that India's gold demand is unlikely to come down even if the government further tightens import norms, Mr Khosla said. "The only way is to get the idle gold in circulation through a gold deposit scheme tailored especially for general households and not for banks and large gold holders."
The proposed scheme will help in balancing the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down the current account deficit (CAD), he added.
If the proposed scheme takes off, Mr Khosla said the company will act as an enabler in the gold deposit scheme since it is the only refinery to be accredited with London Bullion Markets Association.
MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland's PAMP, said under the proposed scheme it will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks.
India, the world's largest gold consumer, imports 800-900 tonnes of yellow metal every year. The country is estimated to have imported 410 tonnes in the first half of this fiscal.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 20:20 (IST)

Morning Links: The link between mass incarceration and gun violenceHow mass incarceration  causes inner-city violence.
No criminal charges for a Utah police officer who fatally shot a man wielding a costume sword. There are still many details about this story that don’t make sense, including the fact that at least one witness says he was misquoted in the police report.
Police officers who kill citizens can receive tens of thousands of dollars in workman’s compensation.
The Grand Rapids, Mich., police chief rules out the use of body cameras . His concerns about citizens’ privacy could pretty easily be addressed with some well-written guidelines.

A female politician is running for office on the Gamergate platform— Mackenzie Kelly (@mkelly007) October 31, 2014
Fact about #GamerGate : it’s wrong to let journalists paint the gaming community as a hateful, male-dominated, cesspool. #NotYourShield
— Mackenzie Kelly (@mkelly007) November 2, 2014
Kelly’s involvement with Gamergate began after one of her Twitter followers noticed that she liked video games and prodded her for a public stance on Gamergate. It got her curious enough to brush up. After reading a few fan-curated news reports, Kelly was in.
“Wow, there is a whole community of gamers that, like, believes ethics in gaming journalism need to change, and this is the reason why [I got involved],” she told the Daily Dot.
Gamergate is, if nothing else, a curious thing for a politician to latch onto. At this point, Gamergate’s news cycle is barreling toward its logical end: media exhaustion, coupled with a lack of newsworthy stories, will likely soon lead to aggressive indifference. Add that to the probability that few of Kelly’s constituents — residents of Austin’s largely suburban, white and wealthy District 6  — likely know what Gamergate is. And if they do, Kelly admits, it’s even less likely that their vote will be influenced by her stance on what, in a broad sense, became a wildly out-of-control hashtag.
“I do what I feel is right. And if I do what I feel is right in my heart, and I stick to the facts and the truth of the situation, at least from my point of view, then nothing anybody can say will ever tear me down,” Kelly says. “… No one in Austin is going to vote for me based on how I believe in ethics in gaming journalism. I think I can state how I feel about this and make sure that the right issue is heard.”
“I’m not in this for personal gain,” she adds. “I play games. I play video games. I want to see the right things done.”
• • •
The cynical analysis is that Kelly may as well champion Gamergate because she’s not going to represent District 6 anytime soon. Kelly says she raised a grand total of “just under $300,” and had only $1.75 left in her campaign war chest with a week to go before election day. That puts her in sixth out of six candidates, with challenger Jay Wiley having spent over $37,000.
Kelly didn’t enter the election until August. She made the minor error of skipping a required League of Women Voters forum, for which she was called out in Austin’s largest newspaper, the Statesman. Then Kelly dressed in blue body paint as Mystique from the X-Men for a Halloween event, and it made hometown headlines .
By her own admission, Kelly’s candidacy began with an exploratory downtown trip to city hall for the required paperwork. Her decision to run was finalized as she enjoyed iced tea and appetizers, reading over the rules at an Italian restaurant next door.
“I was at a disadvantage from the start. I got in late. I didn’t raise any money,” Kelly says. “I didn’t raise more than $300. I find it really hard to ask people for money.”
Instead of paying $500 to get on the ballot, she collected 25 signatures from registered voters in her district. Kelly grew up in Austin’s District 6, attending Westwood High School, which gives her a base of her class-of-2005 high school friends, several parents, and those who know her as a dedicated volunteer firefighter.
“There are other tools available these days to get your name out there,” Kelly says. “I would like to make it to the runoff. But if I don’t, at least I learned from this experience.”
On the Internet, however, Kelly blows the doors off her District 6 competition. Her YouTube channel , mostly littered with fitness videos, has more than 1,300 subscribers. Her 29,000 Twitter followers total more than the Austin Tea Party-backed Jay Wiley, Democrat Jimmy Flannigan, and Democrat Matt Stillwell combined.
According to Kelly, her Twitter boom resulted from her live coverage of the 2011 Bastrop County Complex fire. As a volunteer disaster worker, she’d tweet out firsthand news, and it was such a success that she later landed speaking gigs at “several conferences,” she says.
Gov. Rick Perry appointed Kelly to the Governor’s Committee on People with Disabilities a year later, where she made legislative recommendations about enhancing the 9-1-1 system for the disabled.
Kelly can point to a record of veritable service. Couple her activism with losing a city council election at 28, and you get the makings of a strong future resume. Kelly admits that she has long-term political aspirations.
• • •
“I get yelled at by little 12-year-old boys who say they banged my mom last night,” Kelly says of her Call of Duty hobby. “It’s no different than working around a bunch of guys.”
She plays Minecraft “a couple hours” every week, and self-identifies as a gamer. When I bring up feminist video game activist Anita Sarkeesian’s appearance on The Colbert Report , she dismisses Sarkeesian as an outsider: “She couldn’t even name three video games. … That was her Rick Perry moment.”
“There’s no reason not to be proud of being a gamer,” Kelly says. “I’m not in my basement eating Cheetos at my mom’s house. I’m actually, in real life, making a positive influence on society—but I play video games.”
For critics, Kelly’s advocacy for Gamergate recalls the institutional defense of, say, Penn State fans who clung to the school’s football program as the rest of the U.S. foamed at the mouth over news that former coach Jerry Sandusky was a serial child molester. Kelly, on the other hand, dismisses Gamergate’s deeply misogynistic side as a distraction from its “core base values.”
“[Gamergate has] been diluted quite a bit from what its core base value was,” Kelly says. “I still believe that, at the core of it, there’s a group of people who firmly believe that it’s about ethics in journalism.”
“I don’t like the harassment. I don’t like the death threats,” she adds. “We should be having respectful arguments. … But it’s the Internet; there are always going to be trolls.”
Kelly has dealt with tons of trolling herself, she says. She’s had stalkers. She’s been peppered by negative YouTube comments. She doesn’t fear being doxed or hacked, she says, because as a political candidate, many of her personal vitals are already public. With a layer of thick skin and her personal life already out in the open, Kelly says she’s meant to be a public defender of gaming culture. “I play video games, and seeing people do unethical things eats away at me,” she says.
Fact about #GamerGate : as gamers, we stand united in feeling that there needs to be more transparency & less demonizing & name calling.
— Mackenzie Kelly (@mkelly007) November 2, 2014
Fact about #GamerGate : it’s not just straight White Males who are in favor. We are incredibly diverse. #NotYourShield
— Mackenzie Kelly (@mkelly007) November 2, 2014
Kelly says she hates cyberbullying, and is naturally compelled to have the backs of gamers derided as basement-dwellers, which has added to her support of Gamergate. Nevermind that as much as 75 percent of the #Gamergate hashtag’s tweets are negative, according to one analysis , and mostly directed at women in gaming.
Above all else, Kelly believes this is a culture that needs a leader — and that she might be the one to take the helm. And she says she’ll do it by taking it back to what she believes lies at Gamergate’s roots: ethics in journalism.
“We recognize that there are ethical issues in journalism,” she says. “And it’s not just one focusing event, and things need to change.”
This article originally appeared on The Daily Dot . More from The Daily Dot you might like:

Ramon Ramirez and The Daily Dotramon ramirez and the daily dot
Sprint cuts 2000 jobs  more leadership changes to come0
"My job as CEO is to make sure that all costs reflect the value that we are going to provide to the market. I said on day one to all my employees that we were going to take costs out and there will be layoffs," Marcelo Claure told Reuters in an interview.
More job cuts are not expected, although the company is always looking for ways to cut costs, he added.
Sprint expects to eliminate $1.5 billion in annual expenses, and hopes the cuts will offset service revenue declines as contract customers switch carriers.
"He has to cut costs, that's the easiest away to show he is doing something overall," said Roger Entner, analyst at Recon Analytics. "He needs to get aggressive with pricing to attract more customers, but most importantly he needs a better network."
Sprint has been undergoing a painful revamping of its network that has caused a mass exodus of subscribers. The carrier, which appointed Claure as chief executive officer in August, has been cutting prices aggressively, doubling the data its competitors offer.
The company also named Junichi Miyakawa as technical chief operating officer last Friday. Miyakawa will oversee Sprint's network as the company completes its network overhaul.
"We've decided to make some leadership changes. More changes are coming," Claure warned.
Sprint shares dropped 7.74 percent to $5.72 in after-market trading after closing at $6.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Sprint reported a loss of 19 cents per share, well below analyst expectations of a loss of 6 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company expects earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization in 2015 to be neutral to modestly higher.
Sprint said it lost 272,000 contract wireless subscribers in the third quarter, more than Wall Street analysts anticipated.
Sprint, which is 80 percent owned by Japan's SoftBank Corp , said its operating losses narrowed to $192 million, or 19 cents per share, in the third quarter, from a loss of $398 million, or 24 cents per share, in the same quarter a year ago.
Revenue rose to $8.5 billion from $7.7 billion in the year-ago quarter, slightly below the average analyst estimate, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Marina Lopes; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Andre Grenon)

After 90-min wait  11-yr-old has her way  interviewsFadnavisThe Class V student of J B Petit High School, Drishti Harchandra was apparently keen on writing an article on the chief minister ever since she heard about the swearing-in ceremony.
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 8:21 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 9:09 pm
For 11-year-old Drishti Harchandrai, a 90-minute wait outside Sahyadri, the state government’s guesthouse, and a handwritten note with two hearts drawn on it was all it took to not only meet the newly appointed chief minister Devendra Fadnavis but also interview him on Sunday.
The Class V student of J B Petit High School was apparently keen on writing an article on the chief minister ever since she heard about the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium on Friday. Her mother’s casual comment that he would be their new neighbour in Malabar Hill heightened her sense of excitement.
So, on Sunday afternoon, she tagged along with a close family friend across the street to Sahyadri and requested the security persons to allow her inside. When the security guards told her he was in a meeting and refused to let her in even after an-hour-and-a-half, she wrote the new CM a note: “When you get my letter, please call on my cell no. Or send someone to the address below to tell that you are officially calling me in.”
Drishti, in her note, made a special request to the CM to not ignore her letter. And to her excitement, Fadnavis eventually personally invited her for an interview at his home.
“His residence is visible from my flat and I really wanted to write an article on him for my school. I thought about giving it a try,” said Drishti, who also aspires to become the prime minister of the country.

Global data centre traffic to triple by 2018...centre-to-data centre traffic
( Data centre traffic is…)
NEW YORK: Data centre traffic is poised to triple by 2018 from the current levels as almost half of the world's population goes online, a Cisco study said today.
The US-based networking solutions giant's fourth annual Cisco Global Cloud Index (2013-2018) forecast a strong growth of cloud traffic, workloads and storage with the private cloud segment emerging significantly larger than public cloud.
Cisco said: "Over the next five years, the study projects data centre traffic to nearly triple, with cloud representing 76 per cent of total data centre traffic. By 2018, half of the world's population will have residential Internet access and more than half of those users' (53 per cent) content will be supported by personal cloud storage services."
The study forecast that global data centre traffic will nearly triple from 2013 to 2018 with a combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23 per cent, growing from 3.1 zettabytes/year in 2013 to 8.6 zettabytes/year in 2018. A zettabyte equals a trillion gigabytes, the firm added.
"The 8.6 zettabytes of data centre traffic predicted for 2018 is equivalent to streaming all of movies (approximately 500,000) and television shows (3 million) ever made in ultra-high definition (UHD) 250,000 times," the study said.
Global cloud traffic is growing faster than the overall global data centre traffic. In 2013, cloud accounted for 54 per cent of total data centre traffic, and, by 2018, cloud will account for 76 per cent of total data centre traffic.
Data centre traffic includes data centre-to-user traffic along with data centre-to-data centre traffic and traffic that remains within data centres, it added.
By 2018, 53 per cent of all residential Internet users globally will use personal cloud storage and the average consumer cloud storage traffic per user will be 811 megabytes per month by 2018, compared to 186 megabytes per month in 2013, the Cisco study said.
"When people discuss cloud, they often focus on public cloud services or public cloud storage services. However, a very significant majority of today's cloud workloads are actually processed in private cloud environment," Cisco Senior VP (Service Provider Business, Products, and Solutions) Kelly Ahuja said.
Even with public cloud workloads having significant growth, by 2018, almost 70 per cent of cloud workloads will still be private cloud-related, requiring the ability of workloads to bridge across a hybrid private/public cloud environment, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways expands services to boost Gulf linkJet Airways expands international services; boosts Gulf link
PTI Nov 4, 2014, 08.39PM IST
Tags:
Codeshare
(The enhanced frequencies…)
MUMBAI: Private carrier Jet Airways today expanded its international operations with launch of services to Vietnamese commercial hub, Ho Chi Minh City via Bangkok and additional flights to the Gulf.
The enhanced frequencies from Mumbai to Doha, Colombo and Bangkok will provide guests with the convenience of an additional service, Jet Airways said in a release.
The roll-out of a third daily direct service from Mumbai to Bangkok will provide onward connectivity to Ho Chi Minh City from Thailand capital (Bangkok), it said.
The new afternoon service will make Jet the only Indian carrier to operate three flights a day from Mumbai to Bangkok's International Suvarnabhumi Airport as well as providing onward connections to Ho Chi Minh City from the Thai city, the private carrier said.
Passengers from Mumbai will now have the option of connecting to Ho Chi Minh City and to several destinations of their choice in ASEAN region while they transit over Bangkok, the airline said.
The addition of a second frequency from Mumbai to Doha will further strengthen Jet's growing international network and significantly enhance connectivity in the Gulf region, thus complementing the existing flights on the sector.
Doha is currently served by one flight each from Mumbai, Delhi and Kochi. The new flight on this high demand route will not only cater to the growing Indian expatriates but also boost tourism and trade and help in bringing in traffic to and from West Asia, the carrier said.
"Jet Airways is delighted to introduce these additional frequencies from Mumbai to Doha, Colombo and Bangkok that will afford its customers the convenience of seamless travel and unmatched flight options," Senior Vice- President (Commercial) Gaurang Shetty said.
With these new flights, Jet will become the first private airline in India to operate over 40 daily flights to multiple destinations in the Gulf, the release said.
Jet operates daily flights to Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah and Riyadh, making it the largest operator between India and the Gulf.
Besides adding flights to Gulf, Jet has introduced a second direct service on the Mumbai-Colombo-Mumbai sector, providing onward connections to Dubai and Abu Dhabi to the Gulf, Bangkok, Singapore and Hong Kong in the Far East and to North America via Brussels and London Heathrow with direct and codeshare flights, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tEkLkITime Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation
Time Inc. Q3 net income fell as print advertising and circulation revenues remain weak.
Post to Facebook
Time Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation Time Inc. Q3 net income fell as print advertising and circulation revenues remain weak. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qntSBm
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Time Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 10:42 a.m. EST November 4, 2014
In June, Time Warner will spin off Time Inc. into a separate company.
(Photo: H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY)
7 CONNECT 28 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Time Inc., the magazine publishing company that was spun off from Time Warner earlier this year, said Tuesday its third quarter net income fell 29% from a year ago as circulation and print advertising revenues declined.
Its net income totaled $48 million, or 41 cents of adjusted diluted earnings per share. It beat analysts' estimate of 36 cents that was compiled by Zacks Research.
Revenue was relatively flat at $821 million vs. $818 million a year ago.
The company, which owns Time, People, Sports Illustrated and InStyle, also lowered its full-year revenue outlook to a range between $3.27 billion and $3.3 billion. It previously forecast between $3.29 billion and $3.37 billion. It also said the high-end of its estimate for full-year operating income before depreciation and amortization will be $535 million, down from $547 million it estimated previously.
Shares of Time Inc. fell 6.9% to $21.31.
"As a result of the weakening of print advertising trends late in the quarter, we are taking steps to counter the revenue headwinds," said Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp, in a statement. "We remain committed to managing the business for stable margins and cash flows."
The company's earnings and revenues were aided by several transactions in the last year, including buying several magazine titles from American Express and ending its CNNMoney.com partnership.
Its quarterly advertising revenue, totaling $428 million, was flat compared to a year ago but it would have declined 5% without the recent transactions, the company said.
Print advertising fell 1%, while digital advertising rose 5%.
Circulation revenues, including subscription, newsstand and other sources, declined 2% to $279 million. Subscription revenues fell 1%. Newsstand revenues were down 7%.
7 CONNECT 28 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qntSBm
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1qntSBmTime Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation
Time Inc. Q3 net income fell as print advertising and circulation revenues remain weak.
Post to Facebook
Time Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation Time Inc. Q3 net income fell as print advertising and circulation revenues remain weak. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qntSBm
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Time Inc. earnings down on falling print ads, circulation
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 10:42 a.m. EST November 4, 2014
In June, Time Warner will spin off Time Inc. into a separate company.
(Photo: H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY)
7 CONNECT 28 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Time Inc., the magazine publishing company that was spun off from Time Warner earlier this year, said Tuesday its third quarter net income fell 29% from a year ago as circulation and print advertising revenues declined.
Its net income totaled $48 million, or 41 cents of adjusted diluted earnings per share. It beat analysts' estimate of 36 cents that was compiled by Zacks Research.
Revenue was relatively flat at $821 million vs. $818 million a year ago.
The company, which owns Time, People, Sports Illustrated and InStyle, also lowered its full-year revenue outlook to a range between $3.27 billion and $3.3 billion. It previously forecast between $3.29 billion and $3.37 billion. It also said the high-end of its estimate for full-year operating income before depreciation and amortization will be $535 million, down from $547 million it estimated previously.
Shares of Time Inc. fell 6.9% to $21.31.
"As a result of the weakening of print advertising trends late in the quarter, we are taking steps to counter the revenue headwinds," said Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp, in a statement. "We remain committed to managing the business for stable margins and cash flows."
The company's earnings and revenues were aided by several transactions in the last year, including buying several magazine titles from American Express and ending its CNNMoney.com partnership.
Its quarterly advertising revenue, totaling $428 million, was flat compared to a year ago but it would have declined 5% without the recent transactions, the company said.
Print advertising fell 1%, while digital advertising rose 5%.
Circulation revenues, including subscription, newsstand and other sources, declined 2% to $279 million. Subscription revenues fell 1%. Newsstand revenues were down 7%.
7 CONNECT 28 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qntSBm
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Budgam killings: Congress says security forces need to bepatientPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 4, 2014 9:04 pm
State Congress here on Tuesday asked security forces to be patient while dealing with civilians in Kashmir Valley.
Pointing out that he is not the one who will politicize Monday’s incident involving death of two car borne youth in firing by security forces in the Valley, state Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz said that army personnel should  have taken care in the matter as ‘killing people with the intention of killing them is not a good policy. They should have fired in the air  or on tyre of the vehicle, he said when asked what the army personnel would have done when the motorists had ignored their signal to stop at the naka and tried to drive away the vehicle.
They could have seen that there were no militants or there was no threat to them, Soz said, adding that the army rightly expressed regrets for that and that they have also instituted an inquiry into the incident. However, security forces must be patient about things and also their movement there, he added.
Pointing out that army have a “very brilliant track record in the Valley, he said that there were Generals like K.M. Cariappa and K.S. Thimayya who apart from being army generals were also servants of the people. “They made them understand that the Army is a friend of them, he said, adding that such activities, however, bring lot of wrath of the people and create anger in their mind.
“We are facing an election and I think that  jawans lost their cool. It was neither the situation nor any threat making the jawans to open fire, he added. However, it has been good that the army general expressed his regrets and very quickly ordered an inquiry into the matter, he added.

Web Summit: Impact of Apple & Googleweb summit: impact of apple & google
White House Press BriefingEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Sean Gallup / Getty Imagessean gallup / getty images
What s Choking China s Port Cities Ship Smogwhat s choking china s port cities ship smog
The two faces of Mr. ModiUpdated: November 1, 2014 07:51 IST
The two faces of Mr. Modi
Karan Thapar
politics
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assumption that in prehistoric mythological times India had mastered genetic science and plastic surgery is irrational
What do we expect of our prime ministers? This is not a rhetorical question and you’ll soon see why. We expect integrity, commitment, dedication, administrative expertise and, hopefully, a fair modicum of intelligence. But is that all? 
As important as all the other qualities, we also expect rationality. We may not always agree with what our prime ministers say or are committed to do but we assume that their thoughts and actions are rational, well-considered and credible. In other words, even if their decisions turn out to be wrong — and that often happens — they won’t offend against common sense. 
It is here that I have a bone to pick with Narendra Modi. Speaking at the inauguration of the Sir H.N. Reliance Foundation Hospital and Research Centre last Saturday, he said: “Mahabharat ka kehna hai ki Karn maa ki godh se paida nahi hua tha. Iska matlab yeh hai ki us samaye genetic science mojud tha … Hum Ganeshji ki puja kiya karte hain, koi to plastic surgeon hoga us zamane main, jisne manushye ke sharir par haathi ka sar rakh kar ke plastic surgery ka prarambh kiya hoga.” [It is said in the Mahabharata that Karna was not born from his mother’s womb. This means in the times in which the epic was written genetic science was very much present. We all worship Lord Ganesha; for sure there must have been some plastic surgeon at that time, to fit an elephant’s head on the body of a human being.] 
No doubt many Hindus share Mr. Modi’s assumption that in prehistoric mythological times India had mastered genetic science and plastic surgery. As individuals they are free to believe what they want. But for the Prime Minister of India to proclaim this belief as fact — and that too at the inauguration of a hospital — is something else. 
Why? This is because it’s not rational to use mythology as the basis for claiming scientific achievements. First, there’s no proof other than the assumption the myth is true and that’s an unwarranted assumption. Second, how do you account for the fact the scientific knowledge and achievements you are boasting of have been lost, if not also long forgotten, and there is no trace of any records to substantiate they ever occurred? 
Even worse, Mr. Modi’s views echo those of Dinanath Batra. His books are now part of the curriculum in 42,000 schools across Gujarat and carry messages from Mr. Modi when he was Chief Minister. They claim stem cell research was known in the days of Kunti and the Kauravas, television was invented at the time of the Mahabharata and the motor car existed in the Vedic period. Few would deny this is nonsense. Why wouldn’t you say the same for the claim India mastered genetic science and plastic surgery in prehistoric times?
I have two further points. First, Mr. Modi wants to build smart cities, stresses the need for education and is proud of the successful mission to Mars. He believes in digital India, wants to import bullet trains and ‘Make in India’ state-of-the-art defence weaponry. These are 21st century ambitions. How does all of that sit alongside this belief in unverified mythology? Are they not contradictory? 
Second, Greek mythology has centaurs and minotaurs; the Persians have the griffin; the British the unicorn; and fairy tales have mermaids and werewolves. Mr. Modi’s position would also lead us to believe these creatures actually existed. But does anyone believe they did? Surely only in our dreams? Or only whilst we were children? 
Ultimately, my problem with the Prime Minister’s comment goes a step further, but it could be the most critical of all. Under Article 51 A (h) of the Constitution it’s the fundamental duty of every citizen to develop a scientific temper. I can’t see how the Prime Minister is doing that by blatantly claiming medical advances on the basis of unverified myths. His views clearly and undeniably contradict this constitutional requirement. In fact, if he thinks about it I feel confident Mr. Modi would not disagree! 
These are troubling doubts and for the Prime Minister to be the cause of them is even more worrying. Finally, I’m dismayed this issue has not got greater attention in the media. Nor, to my astonishment, has any Indian scientist refuted the Prime Minister’s claims. Their silence is perplexing. The silence of the media is deeply disturbing. It feels as though it’s been deliberately blanked out by everyone.
(Karan Thapar is a television commentator and anchor of the Headlines Today programme, To The Point)

HSBC sets aside $378 million for forex probeHSBC sets aside $378 million for forex probe
Reuters  London, November 03, 2014
First Published: 15:10 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:14 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
HSBC Holdings missed expectations with a 12% drop in underlying third-quarter earnings and set aside $378 million to cover a potential fine from the UK regulator for alleged manipulation of currency markets.
Europe's largest bank blamed higher costs, up 6%, for the slide in earnings. In addition to the forex probe, it set aside more money to cover the cost of compensating customers in Britain for mis-selling loan insurance and agreed a $550 million settlement with the US Federal House Finance Agency.
The bank also said it had been summoned to appear before French magistrates over whether its Swiss private bank had helped French citizens to evade tax.
Analysts were expecting statutory pretax profits to rise by 16% in the quarter compared with last year but they rose just 2% to $4.6 billion. Shares fell more than 3 percent when the results were announced.
The bank's $378 million provision for the forex probe is for a possible settlement with Britain's Financial Conduct Authority, which HSBC said had proposed a resolution of its investigation into alleged manipulation in the global currency markets.
HSBC is one of six banks in talks with UK regulators to pay about 1.5 billion pounds in a group settlement, sources have said.

Sebi slaps 7 lakh fine on 3 firms in investor complaint caseComments
Market regulator Sebi has fined penalties totalling Rs. 7 lakh on three firms for failing to obtain registration with its online complaint system as well as not resolving pending investor grievances.
The securities and exchange board of India (Sebi) has slapped a penalty of Rs. 3 lakh on Alang Marine Ltd and Rs. 2 lakh each on Asian Films Production and Distribution Ltd and Kukar Sons (Indo French) Exports Ltd in three separate orders dated October 31.
According to the regulator, these firms have failed to resolve investor complaints within stipulated time and made a delay in obtaining SCORES authentication.
Besides, all the three firms had failed to submit the ATR (Action Taken Report) to the regulator with respect to investor complaints.
In similar-worded orders, Sebi said it has imposed the "penalty for delay in redressal of investor grievances within stipulated time and... for delay in obtaining SCORES authentication & delay in submission of ATR by the company."  
In 2012, it had directed all listed companies to get SCORES authentication by September 14 of the same year, failing which they would have to face enforcement action.
SCORES, launched by Sebi in June 2011, provides a centralised database of all complaints. Online movement of complaints to the concerned listed companies and upload of ATRs by the concerned companies are done through this system.
It also helps investors view, track and follow up the actions taken on their grievances. The online redressal system has significantly helped in reducing the processing time of complaints.

The great moto movie  revisitedThe Roundabout Blog | 3 November 2014
On Any Sunday, reprised for 21st Century riders
By  Devin Altieri
In 1971, a documentary feature altered the perception of motorcycles and the people who ride them.
Related
Nine easy riders, resurrected
On Any Sunday, directed by Bruce Brown and financially backed by actor and racer Steve McQueen, brought motorcycles – and racing in particular – to the fore. It also shined a light on the colourful personalities that populated the culture, among them future American Motorcycle Association hall of famer Malcolm Smith and former motocross world champion and current KTM team manager Roger De Coster.
The spirit of the original film has been updated for a new century of riders. On Any Sunday: The Next Chapter , entering release in November 2014, features two-time Moto GP champion Marc Marquez, freestyle kingpin Travis Pastrana and motocross champion Ashley Fiolek, who is legally deaf. They are just the marquee-worthy personalities Bruce Brown and his son, Dana, feature in their Red Bull-financed reboot.
The new film is not confined to the track, however. From design studios to deeply wooded glades, the filmmakers train their lenses on rider culture wherever it flourishes. The film also touches on the expanded societal roles of motorcycles in the intervening 40-plus years since the first film’s debut. No longer just a vehicle for rockabilly rebels or adventuresome aristocrats, the motorcycle has become a means of delivering health aid to impoverished areas of Africa – a side path the filmmakers explore.
Whether the new documentary resonates as broadly as its predecessor, which garnered an Academy Award nomination, is anyone's guess. But reaching a broad audience, and highlighting the variety of people who identify themselves as riders, is a legacy the Browns are keen to recapture.
On Any Sunday: The Next Chapter enters limited release on 5 November in Italy and 7 November in the US.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.

Dell to expand into smaller townsUpdated: November 3, 2014 23:24 IST
Dell to expand into smaller towns
Pradeesh Chandran
The company, which now runs around 270 exclusive stores in about 170 cities, will open another 130 stores by the end of the year.
Dell is aggressively planning to increase its pie in the growing domestic personal computer business.
It is planning to open more exclusive stores in smaller cities to widen the market penetration.
The company, which now runs around 270 exclusive stores in about 170 cities, will open another 130 stores by the end of the year.
With this, it would expand its reach to another 30 new cities, taking the total number of exclusive stores to 400.
The company’s plan to expand into smaller cities is based on the traffic it receives on the company’s official online sales portal.
“We want to increase the number of our exclusive stores to smaller cities. Through our exclusive stores, we want to give our prospective customers the feel of Dell technology. We will open 400 exclusive stores by the end of the year,” said Dell India Executive Director and General Mangaer (Consumer and Small Business) P. Krishnakumar.
“With the increase in smartphone penetration, we are seeing more first time Internet users from Tier 3 and Tier 5 cities visiting our online store,” he said.
Dell at present occupies the second slot in the domestic PC market with a share of 19.1 per cent after HP.
According to market research firm IDC, India offers a huge opportunity for PC makers. The overall PC shipments from India stood at 2.55 million units in the second quarter of 2014, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 23.6 per cent. Other than the exclusive stores and online channel, Dell sells its products through various multi-brand stores and large format retailers such as Reliance and Croma. The company sells its products through 11,300 outlets in 1,100 cities, and intends to increase it to 3,900 cities soon.
Tablet strategy
In second half of September, Dell launched its new tablets with features such as voice calling. With the range of tablets priced between Rs.11,999 and Rs.18,999, the company expects to grow the market share in the segment.
The company, which has around 3.5 per cent market share in the tablet market, aims to increase its presence in the voice and WiFi-based tablet business.
“We believe that in India, tablet space is as big and important as the notebook segment, and we see a huge opportunity for us,” Mr Krishnakumar said.

Carmakers prepare for new regimeUpdated: November 3, 2014 23:20 IST
Carmakers prepare for new regime
G. Balachandar
automobile
The Centre is expected to introduce a new set of crash test standards for passenger cars in India some time next year. Despite being the fifth largest producer of passenger cars in the world, there is no mandatory car crash test standard in India as of now. With increasing focus on minimising fatalities on the roads and growing road safety awareness, the government is working to introduce an internationally accepted test regulation for frontal and side impact.
“What Global NCAP has done could be a trial test under European standards. But, we are all preparing for the new crash test norms that may come into effect in India by March next year,” said a senior official of an Asian car manufacturer.
Meanwhile, Global NCAP, a U.K. firm and a member of UN Road Safety Collaboration, has welcomed the Indian Government’s move to launch a New Car Assessment Programme (NCAP). If this happens, every new car sold in India will have a proper crash structure and airbags,” said Global NCAP chairman’s Max Mosley in a statement.

Rauner  Quinn shatter fundraising record27
"These individual large funders in Illinois are just at the breaking point as far as the direction of this state," said Gregory Baise, president and CEO of the manufacturers association.
"It's a sign of frustration for wounded business types that they are playing in these large numbers," Baise said. "The frustration of my members is the need to get things under control, controlling spending and changing the tax structure. And with the big (underfunded public employee) pension, they think that a day of reckoning is coming."
In contrast, Quinn has raised nearly $16.8 million from 67 separate donations of $100,000 or more, with the money coming from 22 groups or individuals. Of that total, more than $11.8 million came from five sources: the Democratic Governors Association at $4.7 million, various entities of the Service Employees International Union at $3.4 million, various affiliates of the Laborers International Union at $1.8 million, longtime Democratic donor Fred Eychaner at $1 million and groups associated with the Engineers union at $925,000.
Dan Montgomery, president of the Illinois Federation of Teachers, said the union donations represent an effort to provide a collective voice for working people against Rauner's wealthy individual donors.
"I'm not surprised (Rauner) raised the money, that's his background. He's a private equity guy, and I would say it seems to me in the campaign that's how he thinks you get elected — through private equity rather than a compelling public argument," said Montgomery, whose IFT affiliates and parent American Federation of Teachers have given Quinn more than $740,000.
"We pool money, but in the end, we're speaking for a half a million people in Illinois in labor and their families," Montgomery said.
Public employee unions tried to upend Rauner in the Republican primary over his criticism of "government union bosses" controlling a "corrupt" system with lawmakers and came close in a late push backing then-state Sen. Kirk Dillard of Hinsdale.
But Rauner also has alienated nongovernment unions over proposals such as the creation of "right-to-work" zones that would eliminate union protections in an effort to jump-start business and job growth.
Quinn's campaign also has been assisted by a union and Democratic-affiliated political action committee, the Illinois Freedom PAC. The group spent more than $3.5 million in the primary in an effort to defeat Rauner, and it has nearly $4.8 million available for spending in the general election.
In addition, several other political action committees are spending more than $4.4 million they raised on several advisory-only ballot proposals aimed at driving Democratic turnout, including a proposal asking voters if they support an increase in the minimum wage.
Another independent expenditure political action committee focused on gun control and funded in part by Democratic state lawmakers announced Wednesday it is spending $110,000 for TV commercials attacking Rauner's support of gun-owner rights.
All of this spending comes after lawmakers imposed campaign donation limits on public officials to curb the Blagojevich-era fundraising abuses.
Those limits largely have gone out the window in major races. If a candidate puts more than $250,000 of his or her own money into a statewide race or $100,000 into legislative or local races, all donation limits go off. The same holds true if an independent PAC raises those amounts trying to sway the outcome of an election.
Rauner effectively lifted the donation limits last November during the Republican primary contest with a $500,000 donation on top of the $249,000 he had previously given to his campaign.
But Redfield said lawmakers kept the self-funding or independent expenditure PAC limit artificially low to allow incumbents to take on well-heeled challengers or to try to rebuff criticism from a well-financed group trying to take them out.
"There was never any possibility we were going to run a governor's race under contribution limits, and they are pretty irrelevant to statewide office or larger offices," Redfield said.

Chandrababu Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between A.P.  TelanganaUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:12 IST
Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between A.P., Telangana
PTI
Special Arrangement A file photo of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at the Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad.
TOPICS
politics
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday held a meeting with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad reportedly over the high-handed behaviour of the Telangana government on many issues, including the Krishna water dispute and funds in Labour Department.
Though there is no official communication on what transpired at the 30-minute meeting, sources said the Chief Minister complained about the ‘misdeeds’ of the Telangana government in the recent days, including the Srisailam water row and the dispute over funds in Labour Department.
He also reportedly discussed about the institutions and organisations listed in Schedule IX and X of the A.P. Reorganisation Act and those that have not been included in any Schedule that have become a bone of contention between the two States with the Telangana government unilaterally going ahead with their division.
The Chief Minister reportedly explained to the Governor the Telangana government’s repeated violation of the Krishna River Management Board’s orders issued from time to time on utilisation of water at Srisailam reservoir for power generation.
Though the situation was “very precarious” due to shortage of over 78 tmc ft. of water in river Krishna this season, the Telangana government was adamantly generating power at the Srisailam Left Power House and letting out water into the sea.
Regarding the Labour Department, the Mr. Naidu reportedly lodged a strong protest with the Governor over the Telangana government’s high-handed actions in booking cases against higher officials of the A.P. government and the threat issued to banks asking them to freeze accounts of the department.
The Chief Minister gave a detailed account of funds pertaining to the Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board and the unnecessary dispute being created by the Telangana government over it.
“There is no diversion of funds as being made out by Telangana. In fact, our money is still lying in banks in Telangana,” Mr. Naidu reportedly said.
The A.P. Chief Minister sought the Governor’s intervention to rein in the Telangana government and ensure effective implementation of the Reorganisation Act.
Mr. Naidu will visit New Delhi on November 6 and 7 to meet Union Ministers and report the Telangana government’s illegal acts to the Centre.
A.P. Chief Secretary I.Y.R. Krishna Rao is also preparing a report in this regard, which he will submit to Union Cabinet Secretary and Home Secretary on November 7.

EPFO postpones trustees meeting scheduled for November 11New Delhi, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 16:10 IST
EPFO postpones trustees meeting scheduled for November 11
PTI
This November 4, 2014 screenshot shows the UAN service portal on the EPFO site.
TOPICS
social security
During the next meeting, date for which is yet to be announced, the trustees will review the EPFO’s ambitious Universal Account Number project.
Retirement fund manager EPFO has postponed the November 11, 2014 meeting of its apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees, which was scheduled to discuss and approve audit as well as annual report for 2013-14.
“The 205th meeting of the CBT scheduled to be held on November 11 has been postponed. The next date of meeting shall be informed shortly,” said a circular of the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation.
During the next meeting, the trustees body headed by the Union Labour Minister will also review the EPFO’s ambitious Universal Account Number project under which a portable permanent PF account number is being provided to about 5 crore subscribers of the social security scheme.
Besides, the CBT may deliberate on tweaking its investment norm to improve the returns on the provident fund deposits by its subscribers.
A senior EPFO official said the meeting is being called mainly for discussing and approving the audit and annual report of the body for the previous fiscal.
As per the practice, the EPFO trustees have to approve the audit and annual report every year before December 10 for tabling the documents in the Parliament during Winter Session.
According to the official, the trustees would also review the UAN project and may tweak investment norms to improve its returns.
The UAN will be a permanent and portable account number for lifetime of the members. After getting the UAN, the formal sector workers would not have to apply for the transfer of PF accounts on changing jobs.

Maruti to invest Rs. 4 000 crore in key areas in next three yearsUpdated: November 4, 2014 16:52 IST
Maruti to invest Rs. 4,000 crore in key areas in next three years
PTI
automobile
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director-engineering, C.V. Raman said.
Country’s largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs. 4,000 crore in the next two-three years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said on Tuesday.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director-engineering C.V. Raman said.
“Currently Rs. 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
“We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created,” Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company’s new version of Alto K10 hatchback. The company is expected to come out with a SUV-XA Alpha next year,” he said.
Replying to a query, Mr. Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift , Mr. Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
“All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test,” he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan’s Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki’s Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
“Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume. May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS,” he said.
Mr. Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.

Pen that draws real circuitsUpdated: November 9, 2014 11:25 IST
Pen that draws real circuits
Ayyappa Nagubandi
Special arrangement Ayyappa Nagubandi is an entrepreneur and the cofounder and CEO of Possibillion Technologies
TOPICS
technology (general)
The roller ball pen lets you draw circuits that work
When we were young, Physics and Electronics classes used to be from another space. Our textbooks used to be full of drawing of squiggly lines that would be in the form of a box, and we were expected to make sense from those. As we grew up, we understood the meaning of those drawing and how they worked. Life became relatively simpler. But, the challenge was creating drawings of circuits that would actually work. It is practically impossible to tell from a drawing if the real thing will work or will it fall flat on its face.
In order to help us out with our conundrum, a company has decided to step up and come up with something. A new company called Electroninks wants to make DIY electronics as easy as ABC! They have come up with Circuit Scribe that is a roller – ball pen filled with conductive silver ink that enables you to create circuits by just drawing them.
The circuit – drawing pen first caught public attention way back in 2011 when it was being researched on at the University of Illinois in the research lab of Professor Jennifer Lewis. Now, Lewis, along with Brett walker (who is an expert on reactive silver ink) formed Electroninks to produce and market Circuit Scribe.
The makers want to offer a simpler, less messy, and more fun alternative to breadboards that are used for building circuits. All you need is a coin battery, a paper clip, and an LED. You just use the pen to draw circuits with the silver ink, and you will be able to create fully functioning circuits. Those who are more technology inclines can resort to a large number of components to create complex circuits. Circuit Scribe is compatible with various electronic platforms like Arduino and Makey Makey.
The pair is also creating a selection of components that you will be able to use with the pen in order to build fully fledged circuits that includes LED boards, coin batteries, 9V battery connectors, to more advanced components that will be aimed at makers, like RGB LED’s, potentiometers, and photo sensors. They have developer kits that contain additional components like a motor, DPDT switches, DIY solder boards, and more, for people who want to use Circuit Scribe while tinkering around with Arduino and Raspberry Pi.
You will be able to connect components to the conductive link circuits that you have drawn on paper by keeping a magnetic material right behind the paper, or by keeping it on the door of your fridge, and then snapping the components to the circuit directly.
The pens that have not been opened will have a shelf life of about a year. The pens that you have opened will write very smoothly for at least six months (as long as you place the caps back on and store them away from sources of heat and always keep them tip down when not using). Each pen writes about 60 to 80m of lines, and the lines should retain their conductivity for a very long time.
Know more by visiting http://www.electroninks.com

After 90-min wait  11-yr-old has her way  interviews FadnavisThe Class V student of J B Petit High School, Drishti Harchandra was apparently keen on writing an article on the chief minister ever since she heard about the swearing-in ceremony.
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: November 4, 2014 8:21 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 9:09 pm
For 11-year-old Drishti Harchandrai, a 90-minute wait outside Sahyadri, the state government’s guesthouse, and a handwritten note with two hearts drawn on it was all it took to not only meet the newly appointed chief minister Devendra Fadnavis but also interview him on Sunday.
The Class V student of J B Petit High School was apparently keen on writing an article on the chief minister ever since she heard about the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium on Friday. Her mother’s casual comment that he would be their new neighbour in Malabar Hill heightened her sense of excitement.
So, on Sunday afternoon, she tagged along with a close family friend across the street to Sahyadri and requested the security persons to allow her inside. When the security guards told her he was in a meeting and refused to let her in even after an-hour-and-a-half, she wrote the new CM a note: “When you get my letter, please call on my cell no. Or send someone to the address below to tell that you are officially calling me in.”
Drishti, in her note, made a special request to the CM to not ignore her letter. And to her excitement, Fadnavis eventually personally invited her for an interview at his home.
“His residence is visible from my flat and I really wanted to write an article on him for my school. I thought about giving it a try,” said Drishti, who also aspires to become the prime minister of the country.

Air pollution in India cuts wheat yields by ...Climate
(The research paper found…)
NEW DELHI: Air pollution in India is impacting the productivity of wheat crops, reducing it by almost half, a research paper has said.
Noting that India has already been negatively affected by recent climate trends, the paper said the significant decreases in yield could be attributed to two air pollutants -- black carbon and ground level ozone.
The research paper "Recent Climate and Air Pollution Impacts on Indian Agriculture" that analysed yields of wheat and rice crops for 30 years, found that air pollution caused wheat yields in densely populated states to be 50 per cent lower than 2010.
Up to 90 per cent losses were due to the direct effects of short-lived climate pollutants (SLCPs) like smog, the paper authored by Jennifer Burney, an environmental scientist at University of California.
The findings have implications for global food security as India is a major rice exporter.
The paper further said tropospheric ozone and black carbon have direct effects on crop yields beyond their indirect effects through climate. "Emissions of black carbon and ozone precursors have risen dramatically in India over the past three decades," it added.
Scientists examined historical data on crop yields, emissions, and precipitation to draw their conclusions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Starbucks says India success exceeds expecta...You are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks expects India to be among its top five markets
Shambhavi Anand & Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Nov 4, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
American coffee chain
(Tata Starbucks, a 50:50…)
NEW DELHI: Starbucks Coffee, the world's largest coffeehouse chain, expects India to be among its top five markets as it looks to continue expanding its operations in the country. "India is a strategic market and one day it will be among our top five markets," said John Culver , group president , Starbucks China and Asia Pacific, who was in India to mark the Seattle-based company's two years in operations in the country.
"We are very optimistic about the market in India where the response has been tremendous for the last two years," Culver told ET.
Besides expanding its presence in the country, Starbucks also plans to export locally sourced coffee to select stores in other Asian countries and sell it online in the United States. The coffee, known as the 'Indian Estates Blend' coffee, was launched last year on the completion of the brand's one year in the country.
Tata Starbucks Ltd, a 50:50 joint venture between Starbucks and Tata Global Beverages , currently operate 59 stores in six cities including Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Chennai and Hyderabad. It has 1,000 employees.
In 2012, the joint venture said it will earmark $80 million initial investment to open 50 stores in the country.
Culver declined to comment on future investment and the number of stores it plans to open, but said India is a longterm market for Starbucks.
India's coffee retailing market is estimated at more than Rs 1,700 crore and is growing over 20% a year. Established players in the market include Cafe Coffee Day, Barista and Costa Coffee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

At the mercy of rain godsUpdated: November 4, 2014 22:50 IST
At the mercy of rain gods
Laiqh A. Khan
Road repair work has been taken up on Narayana Shastri Road in Mysuru. — PHOTO: M.A. SRIRAM
TOPICS
Karnataka
The much-awaited road repair works in the city appear to have finally begun, with the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) taking up asphalting of two roads in the city and Mayor R. Lingappa promising to complete pending repairs in other parts of Mysuru city, provided the rain stayed away.
“For the time being, we have taken up asphalting of Narayana Shastri Road leading to Nanjumalige and Kukkarahalli Kere Road, as they were in a deplorable condition,” he told The Hindu.
However, Mr. Lingappa was wary of carrying out work in the rain. “We need good sunlight for undertaking road repairs. We took up the work on Monday when it was bright and sunny. But on Tuesday it was cloudy,” he said.
Mr. Lingappa said an estimated 300 stretches in the city needed repairs. “If the rain gods oblige, we can complete the work over the next two months,” he said.
Civic authorities had invited the wrath of people for the poor condition of roads.
Mr. Lingappa said tenders had been issued for repairs in all nine zones.
As different contractors had been awarded the work on different stretches, work on all the roads could be carried out simultaneously, he said.
To a question, he admitted that the repair of many roads had been pending since Dasara celebrations. Chief Minister Siddaramaiah had also released Rs. 5 crore for road repair work in the city, but rain had upset the plans of civic authorities.
Along with regular grants for road repairs, Mr. Lingappa said the Rs. 5 crore grant released by the Chief Minister before Dasara would be used for the ongoing work.

http://usat.ly/1qnwAa0Microsoft and Dropbox team up in mobile
It will be easier for Microsoft Office and Dropbox users to collaborate on documents, spreadsheets and presentations.
Post to Facebook
Microsoft and Dropbox team up in mobile It will be easier for Microsoft Office and Dropbox users to collaborate on documents, spreadsheets and presentations. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnwAa0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Microsoft and Dropbox team up in mobile
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 10:58 a.m. EST November 4, 2014
Dropbox logo
161 CONNECT 98 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO -- They may be competitors but Dropbox and Microsoft are syncing up.
The two companies are making it easier for users of both Microsoft Office and Dropbox to collaborate on documents, spreadsheets and presentations on phones, tablets and the Web.
More than 1.2 billion people use Microsoft's productivity software and Dropbox says it is now home to more than 35 billion Office files.
So the companies will now let a Dropbox user edit Microsoft Office files with a tap of a button on an iPhone or create a PowerPoint presentation in Office on an iPad and save it to Dropbox rather than to Microsoft's rival service OneDrive.
There is a catch: Dropbox users can only create and edit Office documents if they subscribe to Office 365, mobile and Web version of Office.
The capabilities will first roll out on Dropbox and Office apps for iOS and Android tablets and will be available on the Web next year. Dropbox will also make its application available on the Windows Phone and Windows tablet in coming months.
A screenshot of how users will be able to access Dropbox files from the Office app
(Photo: Dropbox)
Dropbox has been tightening its relationship with Microsoft. Over the summer it rolled out several Office features for businesses that made it easier for users to collaborate.
As it grows its consumer service into the business realm, Dropbox needs that strong tie to Microsoft which still makes some of the world's most popular workplace software.
Microsoft is playing catch up to the smartphone revolution under CEO Satya Nadella's who envisions a "mobile-first and cloud-first world" by tapping the enormous reach of its famous productivity software.
Microsoft had described Dropbox as a "little start-up" and an "isolated, single solution" product.
Its service OneDrive competes directly with Dropbox. But now rather than cutting off services that are popular with consumers and businesses, Microsoft is now reaching out to them.
"Today Office and Dropbox work really well together on the desktop but people have multiple devices and need to have access to productivity tools everywhere," said Kirk Koenigsbauer, corporate vide president of Microsoft Office 365 Client Applications. "This is an important extension into the mobile space."
Dropbox, on the other hand, is surging on mobile.
Created as a desktop app in 2007, it has since grown to 300 million users, fueled by the rise of the smartphone and tablet and people's desire to access their files no matter where they are or what device they are on.
"I think this is going to be a huge win-win for knowledge and productivity workers around the world," said Ilya Fushman, head of product at Dropbox.
161 CONNECT 98 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnwAa0

Mossberg on retailers: Give me mobile payment choicesmossberg on retailers: give me mobile payment choices
Airstrikes kill 13 militants in PakistanPrint
Pakistani army troops ride military vehicles as they leave the Malir cantonment for deployment, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014 in Karachi, Pakistan. Pakistani authorities decided to deploy army troops in sensitive areas during mourning days of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, which is observed around the world for 10 days of mourning in remembrance of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:05 pm
Pakistani air force jets pounded terrorist hideouts in the restive northwest tribal region, killing at least 13 militants as part of a major offensive against the Taliban, officials said on Monday. The jets and army helicopters bombed the rebels’ hideouts in Spin Qabar, Gud Malang and Dro Adda areas of Khyber after they attacked security forces convoys, killing one soldier.
A security official said eight militants were killed and seven others injured in the air assaults. In a separate incident, five militants were killed in airstrikes in Sherin Darra of Orakzai tribal district, said another security official. The strikes were launched after militants attacked a check post which killed a civilian and injured three soldiers.
Army has said more than 1,100 terrorists were killed in Zarb-i-Azb operation launched against Taliban in North Waziristan in mid-June while around 50 were killed in Khyber-I offensive against militants in the Khyber tribal district.
According to officials, the operation will continue till the extremists are completely wiped out.

Boat sinks off Bosphorus; 24 dead  7 rescuedPrint
By: Associated Press | Istanbul | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:43 pm
A boat carrying suspected migrants from Afghanistan and Syria sank Monday just north of the Bosphorus Strait off the coast of Istanbul, leaving at least 24 people dead. Seven people were rescued, Turkish authorities said.
Coast guard vessels, divers and passing fishing boats were scanning the waters for more survivors. It was unclear how many people had been on the boat.
The coast guard command’s press office said 24 bodies had been recovered, and seven people had been rescued. It was not immediately clear what caused the vessel to sink.
Col. Sakir Cicek, of the Turkish military’s general staff command in the capital Ankara, said the people on board were believed to be from Afghanistan and Syria. He said it was unclear where the vessel had set sail from.
The Istanbul governorship office said the boat had issued a distress call early Monday morning about three miles (5 kilometers) north of the Bosphorus Strait in the Black Sea.
Seven coast guard vessels, a team of divers, one helicopter, two police vessels and numerous fishing boats were assisting in the search-and-rescue operation

Chrysler tops October sales estimates on Jeep demandChrysler tops October sales estimates on Jeep demand
Chrysler tops October sales estimates on Jeep demand
Chrysler reported October sales that topped estimates, rising by 22 percent on the strength of demand for the Jeep brand.
Chrysler reported October sales that topped estimates, rising by 22 percent on the strength of demand for the Jeep brand.

Scott Price redesignated president & CEO of Walmart AsiaNew Delhi, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 17:07 IST
Scott Price redesignated president & CEO of Walmart Asia
PTI
AP U.S. retail giant Walmart on Tuesday said Scott Price (in picture) has been renamed president and chief executive officer of Walmart Asia with immediate effect. File photo
TOPICS
retail
U.S. retail giant Walmart on Tuesday said Scott Price has been renamed president and chief executive officer of Walmart Asia with immediate effect, six months after he was promoted to take up an international role.
Mr. Price will continue to lead important functions at the Walmart home office that span its entire international portfolio, the company said.
“Scott Price, who is currently executive vice-president, strategy and international development, Walmart Stores, will take on the additional responsibility as President and Chief Executive Officer — Walmart Asia, effective immediately,” a Walmart spokesperson told PTI.
The regional role in Asia is an addition to these responsibilities. He will operate out of Walmart’s headquarters in Bentonville.
“This includes managing real estate, information technology, private brands and business development,” the company said.
In April, Walmart China head Greg Foran replaced Mr. Price as the new chief executive for Asia.

Thomas Cook arm to buy stake in MFXchangeNEW DELHI, November 4, 2014
Updated: November 4, 2014 18:25 IST
Thomas Cook arm to buy stake in MFXchange
PTI
The Hindu Travel firm Thomas Cook India on Tuesday said its arm IKYA had entered into a definitive agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax. File photo
TOPICS
tour operator
Travel firm Thomas Cook India on Tuesday said its arm IKYA had entered into a definitive agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax. The integration of MFX with IKYA will result in the formation of the Global Technology Services Group (GTS Group), marking IKYA’s entry into the IT services and solutions space in the North American market, Thomas Cook said in a BSE filing.
“IKYA, a subsidiary of Thomas Cook, entered into a definitive agreement on November 3, 2014 with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd to acquire 49 per cent stake in MFXchange Holdings, Inc (MFX), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax,” the company said.
Thomas Cook has also appointed Vikram Gulati as President of GTS Group.
“Vikram will be responsible for both strategic and operational aspects of the IT business. He will report to Ajit Isaac, MD and Chairman IKYA Group and will be based out of New Jersey rpt New Jersey,” the company added.

Travelport ties up with AirAsia for bookings  other servicesUpdated: November 4, 2014 19:19 IST
Travelport ties up with AirAsia for bookings, other services
PTI
PTI In this June 12, 2014 photo, an AirAsia India Airbus A320 takes off as it embarks on the carrier's inaugural domestic flight to Goa from the Kempe Gowda International Airport in Bengaluru.
TOPICS
Travelport has entered into an agreement with AirAsia India, for booking tickets along with availing other ancillary services through the travel portal’s merchandising platform.
The platform provides distribution, technology, payment and other solutions to the global travel and tourism industry.
The collaboration allows the Travelport-connected agents to shop, compare and book AirAsia India flights along with those offered by traditional carriers in the same booking work flow, Travelport said in a release.
The portal’s aggregated shopping technology is one of the key components of the its merchandising platform, it said.
“I am confident that the tie up will help AirAsia India increase its bookings and generate more brand awareness as its offering becomes available on more than 67,000 travel agency desktops worldwide,” Travelport vice-president, global distribution sales and services for Apac Damian Hickey said.
At present, all AirAsia group companies — AirAsia Malaysia, AirAsia X, Indonesia AirAsia, and Thai AirAsia — have a similar tie-up with Travelport.
“We are pleased to become the latest carrier within the AirAsia Group to distribute our flights via Travelport, enabling us to expand our network as part of our growth strategy,” AirAsia India chief executive Mittu Chandilya said.

No question of demolishing Ramar Sethu: Gadkariwaterway and maritime transport
He said the Sethusamudram Shipping Channel Project would be implemented without touching the mythical bridge or harming the environment.
The Centre will put a navigation system in place in the Palk Bay as envisaged in the Sethusamudram Ship Channel project without disturbing Ram Sethu, Union Minister for Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari said on Tuesday.
After making an aerial inspection of the project, Mr. Gadkari told a press conference in Mandapam that his Ministry was considering various proposals but asserted that the Ram Sethu would not be dismantled.
There were four or five proposals, besides the report submitted by RITES Limited, an engineering consultancy company. He said the Ministry would take a final decision after a discussion with officials and RITES.
“One thing is very clear. We will not hurt the sentiments of the people of India and their feelings about Ram Sethu,” he said. He had made this clear in Parliament as well, he pointed out. No questions arose about the alignment (cutting through Ram Sethu) fixed by the previous Congress-led UPA government. The RITES Limited had done a detailed study on an alternative alignment and presented a comprehensive report to the Ministry. He, however, did not go into the details. The matter was sub judice, he said. His Ministry, after detailed discussions, would announce the navigation system to be put in place after getting clearances from the Cabinet and the Prime Minister.
Accompanied by ICG Inspector General S.P. Sharma and Commander H.H. More, Mr. Gadkari also conducted an inspection in the Palk Strait and the Gulf of Mannar region in an ICG Hovercraft. His visit was mainly to understand the various options, implications and the actual situation that prevailed on the ground, he said. After the inspections, Mr. Gadkari offered worship at Sri Ramanathaswamy temple at Rameswaram. He was accompanied by Union Minister Pon Radhakrishnan and BJP National Council member K. Muraleedharan.

Intermission: Election Day!By Alyssa Rosenberg November 4 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The four Republican senators at the center of “Alpha House.” (Amazon Studios)
Happy Election Day! I hope that by now, all of you have been able to vote or figured out a time today to cast your ballots, not least because, if you have, you can go home tonight and watch a great movie or a couple of episodes of television before going through the grim ritual of watching returns come in.
In keeping with that hope, today’s question: What is your favorite piece of pop culture about electoral politics? I highly recommend “Primary Colors,” a book which had its virtues obscured by the debate over its authorship, and the movie adaptation as well, not least because it gives you an opportunity to see Emma Thompson play a fictionalized version of Hillary Rodham Clinton. And if you want something more recent, “Alpha House” is doing nice work around the midterms this season .
•“ The Incredibles’ incredible focus on the family ,” by Tasha Robinson: Over at the Dissolve, Robinson strips down how Pixar found its formula –”original characters, a distinctive visual look that pushed the boundaries of computer animation’s capabilities, an intense focus on close personal relationships, and a story fixated on largely adult issues, with plenty of excitement to keep kids absorbed” — while playing with superhero conceits.
“[Brad] Bird’s biggest hat trick is in pushing viewers to sympathize with Helen and Bob simultaneously, even though one of them has movie-friendly goals and the other, in any other movie, would be the nagging killjoy trying to shut down the action,” she writes. “Once Bob is slipping off to Nomanisan Island to fight a killer robot and purr suave James Bond banter at Mirage, he’s living out the exciting fantasy that audiences expect from a superhero film. Yet Bird suggests that he’s doing the wrong thing, and that his thrilling sequences are a distraction from the importance of a properly boring domestic life.”
• “ The Actor As Intellectual Artist ,” by Richard Brody: Writing about one of my favorite actors, Jason Schwartzman, the New Yorker film writer breaks down both why Schwartzman does not work constantly and what it is that he brings to parts that so often makes him so special.
“Like [Jean-Pierre] Léaud, Schwartzman, while being entirely himself, seems to perform for his own benefit, declaiming for his audience of one and thus lending an inescapable air of comedy to his serious actions,” Brody argues. “This intrinsic joie de parler renders all the more particular the range of filmmakers for whom Schwartzman is a ready fit. That’s why, when the part clicks, Schwartzman almost seems like the director’s co-auteur—the role in question inevitably involves the depiction of creative command and artistic imagination, and the performance inevitably suggests a metaphorical representation of the director’s own role.”
• “ I Still Miss Will on ‘The Good Wife ,’ ” by Margaret Lyons: In a lovely example of why I read everything that Lyons writes, she turns a meditation on the loss of a character from a television show, due to the preferences of the actor who played him, into a meditation on the different sorts of loves we feel at different points in our lives.
“Finn’s very smooch-worthy, and he and Alicia should crank up the NPR and go to town, but he represents something a lot less substantial than Will did. Will stood for a whole alternative life for Alicia, her big what if; what if I had never married Peter in the first place?” Lyons muses. “Finn represents moving on — which she should do, definitely, but anyone can be the Guy You Move On With. Only a select few are the Guy From Your Past. The show told us over and over that Will was Alicia’s great love, which is something no one else can compete with. No matter how ethical or legally gifted or charming Finn gets, is he ever going to be we’ll-take-the-penthouse thrilling?”
• “ Kerry Howley’s ‘Thrown ,’ ” by Freddie deBoer: deBoer and I discussed “Thrown” as both of us were reading it, and he is far kinder to me than necessary in discussing my review of Kerry Howley’s mixed martial arts book . All of those disclaimers aside, I wanted y’all to read this piece because of the way it parses our uneasy relationships to intellectualism, academia and research.
“Right now, it is permissible to overthink things but not to research them; it is considered entertaining to use Foucault to examine ‘Teen Wolf’ but ridiculous to write a dissertation about him,” deBoer argues. “These impulses should inform and support each other, they should be siblings, but instead they work against each other, as the type of people who spend all day teasing out the Freudian implications of ‘Star Wars’ despise the people who tease out the Freudian implications of Freud. People are desperate to appear smart but terrified of looking like an intellectual. I know lots of writers, living in places like Brooklyn and LA, who are openly, loudly contemptuous of grad students, never stopping to think that in their intellectual projects, and in the ways that they intellectualize their own relationship to those projects, they are grad students in precisely the ways they deride. They just aren’t enrolled anywhere.”
• An amateur military historian has created a time-lapse video of the shifting boundaries of the front in the American Civil War:
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

I stopped eating food that comes in a package and Ive never felt betterBy Tim Herrera November 4 Follow @TimHerrera
Day 3's delicious dinner. (Tim Herrera)
I have, on more than one occasion, eaten an entire pizza by myself. Like, recently. These moments are not my proudest, but here we are.
Between May and August this year, I ordered pizza delivery for dinner an average of seven times per month. I ordered Italian an average of three times monthly, and healthy (?) helpings of noodles another three.
Lunch burritos were a ritual. My fridge was packed with flavored yogurt, beer, greasy leftovers and half-empty bottles of ranch dressing and Frank’s RedHot. My afternoon snack was a handful of fun-size candy on sale (using the honor system) at my office; breakfast, if I ate it, was usually a bowl of yogurt laced with honey.
So I was more than interested when a co-worker told me she was about to go on  Whole30 , a 30-day "food cleanse" in which you eat nothing but unprocessed, unrefined, sugar-free food, while also cutting out entire food groups such as dairy and grains (and booze).
My relationship with food has never been what one would call healthy, so a chance to hit the reset button? I’m listening.
The point of Whole30, which was founded by Melissa Hartwig in 2009, is to “end to unhealthy cravings and habits, restore a healthy metabolism, heal your digestive tract, and balance your immune system,” its promotional materials say . Whether that's what actually happens physiologically, who knows. Everyone's selling something.
But after completing a 30-day run -- without cheating, for the record -- I can say it’s a life-changing, body-changing wonder of experimental trendy dieting. (With maybe a dash of Placebo effect thrown in there.)
— Internet Person (@TimHerrera) September 18, 2014
Emotional eaters (like me hi hello nice to meet you) use food to augment an emotional state. Bad day? Get a calzone and a Kit Kat. Feeling great? Get a calzone and a Kit Kat. This was both my comfort system and my reward system growing up, and it continued into adulthood.
So the immediate result of removing all pleasure foods from my diet after a lifetime of eating mostly pleasure foods is that, surprise, I thought a lot about pleasure foods.
Two days into my Whole30, which I began in mid-September with a co-worker and my girlfriend, the sight of a Snickers made me desperate for it. The cravings got worse before they got better, and after about two weeks I was actually dreaming about eating donuts and candy.
This seems to be a common side effect; Whole30's Web site even says  it may happen .
But about a week in, things started happening to my body that hadn't happened in years. I woke up easier and felt less groggy in the morning. My afternoon fade at the office began disappearing. Coffee became less of a necessity, and I didn't collapse from exhaustion the moment I got home.
As the weeks went on, I started to look a little slimmer in the mirror. "You look so skinny now!" my girlfriend would say. In the month and a half since I started, I've lost 15 pounds, and two full inches off my waist.
My best friend became zoodles -- a wonderful foodstuff that is simply zucchinis in the shape of noodles made with a spiralizer -- and, making my mother particularly happy, I finally learned to cook and made almost every one of my meals. (Hi mom!) I just felt ... good. And not ... bad. Which was different and wonderful.
By week three, I was cruising, sugar cravings gone and cooking game sharp. I could whip up a Whole30-friendly chicken pad thai for four in 35 minutes flat while driving you nuts with a speech about how fantastic I felt. I darted around my office with boundless energy that last from morning to night.
Then week four came. The end was in sight, but a new dread was appearing: How does one go back to normal eating after this? That idea gave me more anxiety than anything leading up to embarking on this. Am I betraying my body by going back to a normal diet? Have I earned the right to eat pizza again after a cleanse? Am I going to completely miss pumpkin beer season?
I never settled on an easy answer, and still haven't. I'm in limbo; if you offered me a piece of candy corn, I'd probably say no, but if it's the weekend (say, one in which a yearly costume-themed holiday falls), all bets are off. Where I'll eventually land, who knows.
I should probably figure that out. Maybe over a slice of pizza. Maybe over eight slices of pizza.
@juliaccarpenter final whole30 meal, inspired by you! pic.twitter.com/aaZwLGUPzX
— Internet Person (@TimHerrera) October 15, 2014
For any adventurous eaters (or nutritional change-seekers) interested in taking on this challenge, however, it's not all sprightly mornings and fresh veggies for lunch. If you absolutely hate cooking, move along. If post-work happy hour or drinks on the weekend are mandatory, skip.
You will be grumpy four days in and probably have a nonstop headache for days. And if you can't handle your friends rolling their eyes at you any time you shoot down their restaurant suggestion because "it's too hard for me to eat there right now," don't even bother. (Sorry, guys.)
But if you've ever taken a realistic look at your diet and thought, "Wow, I've been been treating my stomach like a garbage compactor," maybe it's time to hit that reset button.

http://usat.ly/1qnrjzeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Mitch Kapor challenges high-tech: Create social change
SAN FRANCISCO -- Silicon Valley is not afraid of hyperbole. Every year we are greeted by a host of new apps that will "change the way we think" about ordering takeout, "fundamentally transform" our shoe
Post to Facebook
Mitch Kapor challenges high-tech: Create social change SAN FRANCISCO -- Silicon Valley is not afraid of hyperbole. Every year we are greeted by a host of new apps that will "change the way we think" about ordering takeout, "fundamentally transform" our shoe Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnrjze
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Mitch Kapor challenges high-tech: Create social change
Mitch Kapor, Special for USA TODAY 9:47 a.m. EST November 4, 2014
Mitch Kapor
240 CONNECT 97 TWEET 27 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Silicon Valley is not afraid of hyperbole.
Every year we are greeted by a host of new apps that will "change the way we think" about ordering takeout, "fundamentally transform" our shoe purchases or "revolutionize" the way we edit photos.
Often the disconnect between the marketing hype around a new product and what the product actually does is astounding.
But the fact is Silicon Valley has the potential to actually do revolutionary things and create life-changing technologies.
Few industries have the ability to transform society like tech, yet too few companies are asking the questions or working on the problems that would create meaningful social change.
Worse, if they do, they are often not being brought to market in such a way that they narrow the inequality gap.
Here's what I mean: When the EdTech company Tinybop rolled out its Human Body app in 2013, the digitized beating hearts, gurgling guts and gasping lungs quickly captured the imagination of hundreds of thousands of young students.
Education professionals and tech critics praised it as a groundbreaking learning tool that helped kids learn through play. It was a Silicon Valley success story, and Tinybop CEO Raul Gutierrez could have left it  there.
But Gutierrez knew that many low-income parents rarely download paid apps, and that under-served school districts didn't have the budget to bring it into their classrooms.
So he worked with with Apple on promotions that made the app available for free for limited periods to reach low-income families on a massive scale, making it and other education apps equally available to the the family scraping by on minimum wage as as the two-car family in the suburbs.
Pinterest's seventh employee on being black in Silicon Valley
Effectively, what could have been a gap-widening technology — a product that only benefits those who can afford it — became gap narrowing.
At Kapor Capital, the  venture capital firm my wife Freada and I founded, we are interested in entrepreneurs like Gutierrez who understand how tech can be as transformative as the narrative that Silicon Valley tells about itself.
And that's why we are concerned about diversity in the industry.
Tech pioneer Ken Coleman talks diversity
Successful entrepreneurs develop products that inspire their passion. They have to. It's that passion that gets them through the long, arduous, uncertain and frightening early days of a start-up.
One simply cannot create a successful company if the founding team is not living and breathing this passion every day.
Tinybop CEO Raul Gutierrez
(Photo: Melissa Murphy)
Silicon Valley is overflowing with companies building photo apps, delivery tools and food truck trackers precisely because of the homogenous nature of the existing talent pool.
It doesn't have to be this way.
Our portfolio is brimming with companies that are solving problems in society because their founders had a personal problem to solve.
Ana Roca Castro created Plaza Familia to bridge the gap of immigrant families like hers, where language gaps prevent parents from being involved in their child's education.
Alex Selig developed SoundFocus, a hybrid of hardware and software that improves the audibility of a smartphone, especially for those with hearing deficits . Alex grew up with congenital hearing loss in a family overwhelmed by the cost of hearing aids. These are profitable business ventures, solving real-world problems.
Fixing Silicon Valley's diversity problems is not just a good thing for entrepreneurs from underrepresented backgrounds; it's a boon for the entire innovation economy. Companies that have an interest in growing and thriving need to embrace the competitive advantage that diversity brings to their team.
That's when the real tech revolution begins.
Mitch Kapor is a partner at Kapor Capital and co-chair of the Kapor Center for Social Impact.  Mitch founded Lotus Development Corporation and designed Lotus 1-2-3. He is the also the co-founder of The Electronic Frontier Foundation and the founding chair of the Mozilla Foundation.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnrjze
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between A.P.  TelanganaUpdated: November 4, 2014 23:12 IST
Naidu meets Governor over contentious issues between A.P., Telangana
PTI
Special Arrangement A file photo of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at the Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad.
TOPICS
politics
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday held a meeting with Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan at Raj Bhavan in Hyderabad reportedly over the high-handed behaviour of the Telangana government on many issues, including the Krishna water dispute and funds in Labour Department.
Though there is no official communication on what transpired at the 30-minute meeting, sources said the Chief Minister complained about the ‘misdeeds’ of the Telangana government in the recent days, including the Srisailam water row and the dispute over funds in Labour Department.
He also reportedly discussed about the institutions and organisations listed in Schedule IX and X of the A.P. Reorganisation Act and those that have not been included in any Schedule that have become a bone of contention between the two States with the Telangana government unilaterally going ahead with their division.
The Chief Minister reportedly explained to the Governor the Telangana government’s repeated violation of the Krishna River Management Board’s orders issued from time to time on utilisation of water at Srisailam reservoir for power generation.
Though the situation was “very precarious” due to shortage of over 78 tmc ft. of water in river Krishna this season, the Telangana government was adamantly generating power at the Srisailam Left Power House and letting out water into the sea.
Regarding the Labour Department, the Mr. Naidu reportedly lodged a strong protest with the Governor over the Telangana government’s high-handed actions in booking cases against higher officials of the A.P. government and the threat issued to banks asking them to freeze accounts of the department.
The Chief Minister gave a detailed account of funds pertaining to the Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board and the unnecessary dispute being created by the Telangana government over it.
“There is no diversion of funds as being made out by Telangana. In fact, our money is still lying in banks in Telangana,” Mr. Naidu reportedly said.
The A.P. Chief Minister sought the Governor’s intervention to rein in the Telangana government and ensure effective implementation of the Reorganisation Act.
Mr. Naidu will visit New Delhi on November 6 and 7 to meet Union Ministers and report the Telangana government’s illegal acts to the Centre.
A.P. Chief Secretary I.Y.R. Krishna Rao is also preparing a report in this regard, which he will submit to Union Cabinet Secretary and Home Secretary on November 7.

The stocks getting drilled by cheap oilThe stocks getting drilled by cheap oil
By: Matt Krantz November 4, 2014 12:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Dario Lopez-Mills, AP)
Plummeting oil prices might make consumers happy at the pump. But investors in energy stocks are getting drilled.
All but three of the 43 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Energy sector are down since the price of WTI Crude Oil peaked this year on June 20. As a group, the energy stocks are down a crushing 21.2% on average while the price of oil has dropped 29% since June.
Investors paying attention can learn quite a bit watching how the oil patch stocks react to such a big move in the price of oil. For instance, the three biggest losers since June are all exploration companies, which typically are the most exposed to changes in the price of oil.
Noble (NE) is the worst performer since oil peaked this year, falling a brutal 44%. Just since Friday, as Saudi Arabia’s price cuts started to sink in, Noble shares are down 8%.
The big Integrated oil companies have been more insulated from the declines. Exxon Mobil (XOM) is down 9.4% since the June peak in oil, making it the fifth best performing S&P 500 stock in the energy sector.
S&P 500 ENERGY STOCKS DOWN THE MOST SINCE THE JUNE HIGH THIS YEAR
Company

http://bit.ly/1EfRsIDDaniel Wroclawski
November 04, 2014
In honor of Veteran's Day, Baskin-Robbins is having a little fun with its ice cream of the month. The company is now offering its First Class Camouflage ice cream, which combines chocolate, salty caramel, and cake flavors into one camo-themed dessert.
In addition to the new incognito ice cream, Baskin-Robbins is also offering a camouflage waffle cone and waffle bowl. And if that's not enough to satisfy your sweet tooth, there's also a First Class Camouflage Layered Sundae with a caramel praline topping, hot fudge, and Oreo cookie pieces.
On a more serious note, the company is launching a couple of promotions aimed at helping our veterans. On Veteran's Day, for every scoop of ice cream sold, Baskin-Robbins will donate 10-cents of the purchase to the United Service Organizations.
The company says its goal is to help vets start their own businesses.
But the company is offering a bigger opportunity to veterans themselves with its "veteran's incentive program," which waives the $25,000 franchise fee for vets who want to open a store in the U.S. Baskin-Robbins will also offer a 0% royalty rate for the first two years of franchise ownership, and a reduced rate for years three through five.
The company says its goal is to help vets start their own businesses. Sounds like a pretty sweet deal to us.

http://usat.ly/1yVcKIpFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Priceline shares fall on weaker Q4 outlook
Shares of online travel broker Priceline Group fell sharply in Tuesday trading after the company reported lower than expected earnings earnings guidance for the fourth quarter.
Post to Facebook
Priceline shares fall on weaker Q4 outlook Shares of online travel broker Priceline Group fell sharply in Tuesday trading after the company reported lower than expected earnings earnings guidance for the fourth quarter. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qnCMyH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Priceline shares fall on weaker Q4 outlook
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 12:16 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Computer screenshot taken in 2012 shows a mobile app from Priceline.com
(Photo: USA TODAY)
4 CONNECT 12 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of online travel broker Priceline Group ( PCLN ) fell sharply in Tuesday trading after the company reported lower than expected earnings earnings guidance for the fourth quarter.
Priceline shares were down nearly 9.4% at $1,086.46 in mid-day trading as the projections for the year's final quarter appeared to outweigh the upbeat results the company reported for the July-September period.
The owner of widely used travel websites Priceline.com, Booking.com and Kayak.com, Priceline said it expected fourth-quarter net income earnings per share between $9.40 and $10.10.
That was below the $10.91 consensus forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters and potentially signaled a weakening in key European market travel.
In contrast, the Norwalk, Ct.-based company reported its net third-quarter income rose 29% to $1.2 billion over the same period in 2013. The result equated to $22.16 per diluted share, up from $17.30 during the same period last year, and higher than the $21.11 consensus in the Thomson Reuters survey.
"The group performed well in the third quarter with market leading growth on both the top and bottom lines and sustained leadership and profitability as well," Priceline Group CEO Darren Houston told financial analysts during a Tuesday conference call. "I believe our teams are executing very well in an intensely competitive marketplace and against a mixed global economic and political backdrop."
Priceline Group in June extended the company's reach into online restaurant reservations, announcing plans to buy OpenTable in a $2.6 billion cash transaction. "Knowledge sharing between OpenTable and the balance of the group is under way," Huston told analysts during Tuesday's conference call.
Priceline to buy OpenTable for $2.6B
Although the Euro weakened against the U.S. Dollar during the third quarter, Priceline Group CFO Dan Finnegan told analysts said the company mitigated the bottom-line impact by hedging against currency rate fluctuations. However, he said the rate changes had a slight negative impact on gross books, gross profit and operating profit when compared with the company's previous financial guidance.
"Obviously, the deterioration in the Euro exchange rate over the last couple of months is indicative of weakening economic conditions in our most important market, which is of concern as we look at the business going forward," Finnegan told analysts as he outlined fourth-quarter projections.
Priceline group has hedge contracts in place to help shield fourth quarter earnings from any fluctuations in the Euro or the British Pound versus the U.S. Dollar between now and the end of the year, said Finnegan.
"But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter," he added.
However, Finnegan forecast the company's fourth-quarter revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 11% to 18%, while gross profits rise by roughly 17% to 24%.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qnCMyH
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Reward Increased in Philadelphia AbductionEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

US Senate main prize in elections forCongressAmericans vote Tuesday in a midterm election that has been cast as a referendum on US President Barack Obama.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:06 pm
Americans vote Tuesday in a midterm election that has been cast as a referendum on US President Barack Obama and that is expected to give opposition Republicans control of both chambers of Congress.
The question is whether Washington’s legislative paralysis would deepen if the president’s Democrats lose their majority in the Senate.
Polling across the board gives Republicans well over a 50 percent chance of turning out at least six incumbent Senate Democrats or capturing seats left vacant by Democrat retirements. Thirty-six Senate seats are on the ballot.
There was little suspense about the races for all 435 seats in the House of Representatives, beyond the size of the new Republican majority. A gain of 13 seats would give Republicans their largest representation since it stood at 246 in 1946. Democrats concentrated on protecting their incumbents.
The party that holds the White House traditionally loses seats in a midterm election, when the president is not on the ballot. Turnout drops, but both parties hope to mitigate that trend with sophisticated new voter-targeting methods used in recent presidential elections.
Democrats weighed down by Obama’s low approval ratings kept their distance from him and looked to a costly get-out-the-vote operation in the most competitive Senate races to save their seats and their majority. They were working furiously to reach out to minority, women and young voters who tend to sit-out elections when the presidency is not at stake. Those voters tend to back Democrats.
About 10 Senate races have drawn most of the attention, but Democrats were at a disadvantage because these were either in Republican-leaning states carried by Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election or evenly divided swing states. In these competitive states, astronomical spending and uncountable attack ads have dominated campaigning – with few ideas offered on how best to govern. Serious discussions about trade and energy policies, deficit spending, climate change, immigration and other knotty issues rarely emerged.
Obama and the Democrats face an electorate that remains deeply concerned about the direction of the economy, though it has shown signs of improvement. Terrorism has re-emerged as a top issue, as well as the threat posed by the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, and polls showed Republicans have an edge on handling both issues. And Obama’s administration has faced questions about its competency, from Secret Service scandals to the bungled roll-out of the president’s health care program, known as Obamacare.
Vice President Joe Biden promoted the president’s economic agenda on radio in key states, telling one host that even if Republicans win the Senate, he and Obama will push for policies that address what he called an “overwhelming dislocation of wealth.”
Democrats on the ballot didn’t so much defend the president as insist they were independent of him.

US IT firm asked to compensate techie for illegalsackingBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 4, 2014 10:55 pm
The Karnataka Labour Department has ordered a US-based IT firm to compensate a woman employee on grounds of ‘illegally’ terminating her services without providing valid reasons and for allegedly causing harassment.
The techie had approached the Labour department on the direction of the Karnataka Women’s Commission, and after hearing the case, the department ordered the company to give Rs 12.5 lakh compensation to her for illegally terminating her from services, said a top Labour Department official.
The company has agreed to pay Rs 10.55 lakh after deducting taxes, but the techie, a native of Delhi who worked at the company’s office here, is yet to pick up her cheque in possession of the company, the official said.
“Both the complainant and the company have agreed to withdraw the cases filed in various courts. Once the techie submits court reports on withdrawal of cases, the company will hand over the cheque to her. But for now, she is gone to Delhi and will come back soon to settle the issue,” he said.
Under a notification issued by the Karnataka Government early this year, IT companies should inform the Labour Department about suspension, discharge, and termination of employees, among others.
The techie was employed with the company in 2012 and her job was confirmed after serving it as a probationer for three months, the official said.
However, after sometime the techie complained about harassment by a senior and lodged complaints with various company officials without much success, he said.
The company terminated her from service in October, 2013, he added. Not giving up, the techie slapped a legal notice seeking a clarification on the “illegal” termination and asking for the decision to be revoked, the official said.
However, the company stuck to its decision.
The techie ultimately approached the women’s commission, and after going through the complaint, it recommended the case to the labour department, the official said.
After hearing both parties, the labour department decided that the techie should be awarded compensation for “unfair treatment” and termination from service, the official said.

Military detainee brought from Afghanistan to US fortrialTuesday's appearance represents the Obama administration's latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects.
By: Associated Press | Richmond | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:26 pm
A Russian member of the Taliban has made his first appearance in a court in the state of Virginia, marking the first time a military detainee from Afghanistan has been brought to the US for trial.
Tuesday’s appearance represents the Obama administration’s latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects. His arraignment on 12 charges has been set for Friday morning.
US officials say Irek Hamidullan is a Russian veteran of the Soviet war in Afghanistan who defected to the Taliban. He was captured in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US soldiers. He had been held at the US Parwan detention facility at Bagram airfield ever since. He faces up to life in prison if convicted.

Indian envoy meets condemned fishermen in ColomboUpdated: November 5, 2014 00:26 IST
Indian envoy meets death convicts in Sri Lanka
Meera Srinivasan
Tweet
The Hindu Son of Emerson, one of the five fishermen awarded death sentence by a Colombo court, during a demonstration at Thankachimadam in Ramanathapuram district on Saturday. Photo: L. Balachandar
PTI Colombo: Indian High Commissioner in Sri Lanka, Yash Sinha comes out of Welikada Jail after meeting 5 Indian fishermen, in Colombo on Tuesday. PTI Photo (PTI11_4_2014_000090A)
PTI Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka, Yash Sinha, on Tuesday met the five Indian fishermen sentenced to death by a Colombo court, and assured them of all help for their release and repatriation. File photo shows the envoy with Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
TOPICS
execution
Assures them of the Modi Government's "unstinted support" to secure their early release and repatriation to India.
India’s High Commissioner in Sri Lanka Y.K. Sinha met on Tuesday the five Indian fishermen who were awarded the death sentence by a Colombo court, and assured them that New Delhi would make all efforts for their early release and repatriation.
External Affairs Ministry officials said the High Commissioner’s team found the fishermen in good health and they sought permission for making calls and writing to their relatives in Tamil Nadu. The prison authorities, Foreign Ministry sources said, readily agreed to arrange for telephone calls in two days. The fishermen were free to write letters too.
The Ministry tweeted images of Mr. Sinha exiting the Welikada prison in Colombo. The Colombo High Court sentenced to death Emerson, P. Augustus, R. Wilson, K. Prasath and J. Langlet on October 30 on charges of smuggling heroin. They were arrested in 2011.
New Delhi has said it will take all possible steps through legal and diplomatic channels to “prove their innocence.” Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to take up the matter with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa when they meet at the SAARC summit in Kathmandu later this month.

