BRENDAN MCDERMID / Reutersbrendan mcdermid / reuters
At Rs 17 999  Lenovo A8-50 voice calling tablet has much to offerat rs 17 999  lenovo a8-50 voice calling tablet has much to offer
Venezuelans Buck the System ... Using Bitcoinsvenezuelans buck the system ... using bitcoins
Icahn Tweets He Will Send Open Letter to Appleicahn tweets he will send open letter to apple
Net Neutrality Matters to Communities of Colorreddit
The Internet is a place where people who do not have a seat at the table can amplify their voices. That's why working people must be front and center when the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) decides what to do about net neutrality.
Net neutrality -- the concept of an open Internet where all content is treated equally -- would stop companies that provide Internet access from controlling what you can see online. It means that companies like Comcast and Charter cannot make certain websites harder to visit than others or prevent certain topics from being discussed. An Internet governed by net neutrality is a place where all individuals can engage in public discourse, regardless of the size of their checking account.
An open Internet protects opportunities for communities of color. It lets people report on injustice and organize to confront it. An open Internet helps people of color launch businesses online, with lower startup costs than entrepreneurs often face. It lets artists and creators tell their own stories, rather than depending on traditional media to decide which stories are worth telling.
The recent events in Ferguson, Missouri, serve as an example of how a community can use the Internet to organize and join together in the aftermath of a tragedy. In the aftermath of Michael Brown's death, images and stories shared by Ferguson residents on the Internet became a major part of news coverage. If Internet providers had made it difficult for residents to share their videos and pictures with the public, the story of Ferguson would be fundamentally different.
But some corporations want to end net neutrality in order to control content and increase profits. They want fast lanes for some web traffic but slow lanes for everyone else. Independent blogs and small startups that cannot afford the fees would be stuck in the slow lane. Communities of color -- long underrepresented in public dialogue -- would be among those hardest hit by such censorship.
The FCC is currently considering implementing a new regulatory classification for the Internet, which would promote social justice and economic equality. The FCC classifies certain forms of communications as utilities, or "common carriers." Common carriers, like those providing landline telephone services, are required to provide equal service to all users regardless of what they use it for. Classifying broadband Internet as a common carrier would preserve net neutrality and ensure that the Internet remains a place where all Americans can bring their ideas and be heard.
Four companies control around 60 percent of American broadband Internet access. They argue that making the Internet a common carrier would force them to cut investment in the most underserved neighborhoods in America.
But the evidence says otherwise: Average annual investment by telephone companies was 55 percent higher during the time when their DSL broadband service was considered a common carrier. The cable industry's average annual investment in building a network was 250 percent higher in the years before the FCC ended common carrier treatment for cable modems. Major Internet service providers are saying they will refuse to expand broadband access unless their profits increase and that's wrong.  A trickle-down approach to Internet service will only fill the pockets of CEOs and increase the digital divide.
As the FCC considers whether to take this much-needed action, we must remember what is at stake. Open, broad access to technology and information spurs innovation, economic growth, job creation, and global competitiveness. Most importantly, it gives artists, activists, community leaders, whistleblowers, citizen journalists and you an opportunity to express opinions freely and openly. That must continue.
Follow Rep. Keith Ellison on Twitter: www.twitter.com/keithellison
More:

RBI s Fresh Agility Helps Tame India s Money Market VolatilityFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Mumbai:
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has finally made progress in taming the country's volatile money markets, displaying two traits it has been rarely associated with in the past: flexibility and a willingness to correct course mid-way.
The overnight cash rate, a key indicator of liquidity, has recovered from a summer of wild swings that threatened RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's key goal of reforming India's money market.
The swift response shown by a central bank under new management impressed bankers. Appointed a little over a year ago, Rajan, a former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, is credited with making the RBI more amenable to change.
"The new RBI management has been very proactive in responding to markets, be it money markets or forex markets," said Pramod Patil, an assistant vice-president of fixed income and foreign exchange trading at United Overseas Bank in Mumbai.
Money markets are crucial in India because banks rely on overnight funding to finance longer-term borrowing - a reliance that has often made the market volatile.
After Rajan pledged in August to look into the causes of the volatility that gripped the overnight cash rate the previous month, the bank quickly made the changes that bankers wanted, including injecting short-term cash more frequently.
That instantly calmed the market, sending a message that, under Rajan, the RBI was no longer staid and unresponsive but had instead become more attuned to market needs.
RBI officials declined to comment on the central bank's nimble action, but fired by success they appear set to make further reforms.
Among the RBI's plans is the introduction of longer-term repos - potentially as long as 180 days, according to one official - and to build a yield curve that allows banks to borrow in several maturities. The longest-term repo regularly offered is currently 14 days.
Other initiatives include the development of a private repo market, where lenders would be allowed to lend to each other, as in the United States and other more developed markets.
READINESS TO CORRECT
By reducing banks' reliance on overnight funding and shifting to a longer-term policy tool, the RBI hopes to force banks to plan their short-term cash needs better.
To accomplish that, a year ago the RBI had started injecting funds via term repos - or cash-for-loans transactions - to smoothen volatility.
Banks welcomed the steps, but panned the implementation, saying the RBI was not injecting funds often enough and not unveiling repos of shorter terms than 7 days.
Rajan's term repo initiative had appeared to unravel in July, when the overnight cash rate suffered volatility, with bankers and RBI officials privately blaming each other for the wild swings.
Rajan stunned bankers in early August by acknowledging that the RBI's measures appeared to be failing and, days later, by announcing that overnight repos would be injected at weekly auctions.
This readiness to correct stood in contrast to the six years the RBI had taken before admitting the bond futures it implemented in 2003 had flopped, and another five years to admit it had got it wrong a second time.
Two months on, with the overnight cash rate stable at around the repo rate of 8 per cent, bankers are growing confident that those measures have worked.
The ends of the next two quarters will be critical tests of whether Rajan has succeeded in taming the money markets. The big test will come at the end of March when the fiscal year ends and banks tend to hold on to cash.
"If these issues do not recur at the end of December and March, then we can say this model works in smoothening out liquidity in the system, and therefore is a model that can be followed for an extended period of time," said Mohan Shenoi, a treasurer at Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Our deterrence will be credible: Jaitley warns Pakarmed conflict
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said Indian soldiers had responded with courage to ceasefire violations by Pakistan while Defence Minister Arun Jaitley called Pakistan the “aggressor” which would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost for its “adventurism.”
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Mr. Modi said.
Mr. Modi accused his political opponents of using the border situation for electoral gains.
“Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains.”
Giving Pakistan a stern warning, Mr. Jaitley said Pakistan has “clearly been the aggressor.”
“But it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
Senior officials said Pakistan Rangers targeted 60 border outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border, injuring three persons.
Pakistan’s Defence Minister Khwaja Asif warned India that it was fully capable of responding to any aggression. “We don’t want to convert the border tension between two nuclear neighbours into a confrontation,” he said.
(With additional reporting by Varghese K. George in Pune and PTI)

Infosys  Q2 results: Five things to watch out forInfosys
(When Infosys declares its…)
BANGALORE: When Infosys declares its second-quarter numbers on Friday, it will attract a lot of investor and media attention for more than one reason.
For one, it will be the last time that Infosys results carry the imprimatur of founder N R Narayana Murthy , who has stepped away after returning to steady the ship in June last year. Also, the management's commentary on business will be a pointer for what to expect from the results of other software exporters, including TCS and Wipro . Finally, its first nonfounder chief executive Vishal Sikka will outline his strategy to help Infosys retain its bellwether tag.
ET takes a look at the five things to watch out for when the Sikka takes centrestage:
1. Strategy
Sikka is to outline his strategy, including Infosys' positioning in social, mobile, analytics and cloud, or Smac. That said, the company will spell out milestones on revenue generation from these new technologies only around April. Also to be watched will be the roadmap for the recently spun-off products, platforms and solutions business, Edgeverve, core banking product Finacle and how the Bangalore-based firm will implement Design Thinking, a creative, user-centred approach to problem-solving.
2. Pace of Growth
Infosys continues to see good traction in banking, financial services and insurance space, as well as manufacturing and telecoms. Although there are some pockets of slowness in retail, clients continue to spend in America and Europe - two geographies that account for over two-thirds of Infosys' revenues. However, Infosys is not expected to alter its revenue growth forecast of 7-9% for the year to March 2015. If guidance is revised upwards, it will be a big positive surprise.
3. Sikka's Team
Sikka, since taking over the boss's seat on August 1, has started putting his trusted lieutenants in key positions at Infosys to help him steer the company from years of underperformance. Former SAP senior vice president, Michael Reh has been tasked to revive Infosys core banking product, Finacle. Navin Budhiraja, former chief architect of SAP's SuccessFactors, has also joined the company though his role at Infosys is not known for now. How is Sikka getting his team in place with the existing structure of 12 executive vice presidents at the company will be one of the themes that will be discussed.
4. Attrition
Infosys closed the first quarter June period with a high attrition rate of 19.5%. Most analysts expect attrition to be closer to 22% for the period ending September despite Sikka engaging with employees and promoting over 5,000 of them during the quarter. Management commentary on what other measures it is taking to arrest this exodus of employees will be watched closely.
5. Update on $100 million fund and acquisitions
In his first interaction with the media, Sikka told ET on the day of his joining Infosys that he will like to start investing in startups from the $100 million corpus the company has kept aside. In August, Sikka and senior management ranks had multiple meetings with venture capitalists in the US, with Accel partners even managing to pitch a couple of startups. But the company is still to put money in any startup. Sikka may also clarify if Infosys intends to make a big buyout, like Cognizant's acquisition of healthcare firm Trizetto for $2.7 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt employees attendance surveillance system goesonlinePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:38 pm
An electronic surveillance system to keep track of punctuality of government officials will become fully operational by the month end as part of Narendra Modi Government’s efforts to discipline employees.
Online trial run of the live biometric attendance system (BAS) have begun and attendance of over 50,000 employees from 148 departments can be viewed online. The system uses fingerprints to ensure that employees physically turn up and do not use proxies.
“BAS for central employees will be fully functional by the end of this month,” DeitY Secretary Ram Sevak Sharma informed.
The website, attendance.gov.in, is hooked up to computers in government offices that will identify employees through their fingerprint and unique identity number (Aadhaar).
It displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
The programme is currently being implemented in the central government offices located in the national capital and will eventually expand to all central Government employees across the country.
Wall mounted bio-metric attendance terminals have been installed in government buildings. Government employees can mark their attendance in any of the buildings where biometric terminals are installed.
So far, over 50,000 employees have registered on the site, he said, adding that around 10,000 more are expected to join this month.
The system will start with tracking attendance of central government employees stationed in the national capital, he said.
According to the information available on the attendance web portal, as many as 148 central government organisations have registered themselves for the same.
So far, about 50,027 employees have registered on the portal, of the total 66,353 employees. Out of the registered users, 47,644 employees are Aadhaar verified.

IndiGo s  Lower than Low  Offer Starts at Rs 1589Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Budget carrier IndiGo on Wednesday announced a discount sale offer with fares starting from an all-inclusive Rs 1,589 for specific routes on its domestic network.
The booking for this SpiceJet scheme will remain open till October 10, 2014. This IndiGo offer is applicable on travel period between November 8, 2014, and December 15, 2014. ( See routes )
Rival budget carrier SpiceJet on Tuesday had announced a discount sale offer with fares starting from an all-inclusive Rs 2,299 for specific routes on its domestic network.
The booking for the SpiceJet scheme is open till October 9, 2014. This SpiceJet offer is applicable on travel period between November 7, 2014, and January 31, 2015. ( See routes )
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
 

Deadly anthrax grass grows greener  tempting its zebra victimsBy Rachel Feltman October 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
The grass is always greener on the deadlier side. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
A zebra in Africa might run from predators, such as lions, but it will happily run toward the deadly anthrax bacterium.
According to a study published last week in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, zebras are actually more attracted to grass covered with the bacterium Bacillus anthracis, which causes anthrax poisoning. If inhaled, these bacterial spores kill 75 percent of the infected  -- and the bacteria can live in the dirt for years.
Researchers working at Etosha National Park in Namibia noticed that the zebras killed by anthrax left lush, vibrant grass in their wake. It's simple: The corpses decomposed on site, turning the short, dry grass of the area into a springy oasis with the nutrients they deposited.
Lead study author Wendy Turner, an ecologist at the University of Oslo, found that these areas were indeed richer with vital nutrients -- such as phosphorus and nitrogen -- than other areas.
While the zebras Turner and her colleagues observed were briefly deterred by the decomposing corpses of others, they (and other herbivores) soon became four times more likely to visit those sites than ones without corpses. The lush greenery, it seems, was too rich to pass up -- even with a pile of bones sitting on top of it.
The researchers only compared sites with anthrax victims to sites with no corpses at all, so they aren't sure if the infection causes particularly good soil fertilization. But it's possible that the disease, which prevents blood from clotting, would allow more nutrient-rich blood to enter the soil than other methods of death, Turner told Live Science .
But sometimes there’s a bright side to a zebra carcass: In January, a  PLOS ONE  study found a bacteria-killing virus designed to target anthrax inside one such victim. It’s clear that the Tsamsa virus didn’t do a stellar job of beating anthrax down before it could enter and kill the zebra, but scientists are researching its genome for clues about how it attacks the bacteria. It's possible that the so-called bacteriaphage could even be used to  treat related infections in humans .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Wall Street falls on lingering growth angst after German dataS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Jaitley warns Pakistan  Modi praises troops as ceasefire violationscontinuesPrint
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley delivering a statement before the media on the border situation of Jammu & Kashmir, in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Atikh Rashid , Pranav Kulkarni , Shubhangi Khapre | Baramati/new Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:11 pm
Taking a tough line over ceasefire violations in Jammu and Kashmir, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday warned Pakistan that it would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost if it continued with its “adventurism” . He ruled out talks with Pakistan and praised Indian forces for a “commendable ” job in the “face of these unprovoked acts of aggression”.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had said a day earlier that “everything will be fine soon” on the border, joined Jaitley in congratulating Indian forces for “responding to aggression with courage”.
“Our jawans have given a fitting response to the aggression. I don’t need to talk, people know my intentions. My jawans are doing all the talking with their fingers always on the trigger. The enemy has got to know that things have changed now, that their old habits can’t continue,” he said.
A Reuters report from Islamabad quoted the Pakistan government as saying it was capable of responding “befittingly” to Indian actions. “We do not want the situation on the borders of two nuclear neighbours to escalate into confrontation,” the Pakistan Defence Ministry said in a statement. “India must demonstrate caution and behave with responsibility.”
Speaking at an election rally in Baramati, the home turf of NCP leader Sharad Pawar in Maharashtra, Modi criticised those targeting the government on the border issue, saying this would demoralise those fighting on the border.
“Such an issue should not be part of a political debate… Elections will come and go, governments will come and go, but please don’t demoralise those fighting on the border by debating these things for political gains.”
”I am shocked to hear from Sharadrao (Pawar) that while bullets are being fired by Pakistan on the border and innocent lives are being taken, I am busy campaigning for assembly polls. What can be more inspiring than being in the land of Shivaji Maharaj at such an hour. I want to ask him, when you were defence minister, there were several instances of aggression from China and Pakistan. Did you visit the border then?”
“When the Mumbai attacks happened, BJP was in opposition but never politicised the issue. We supported the government by treating it as an attack on the nation,” Modi said.
In New Delhi, addressing a press conference, Jaitley said: “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. But at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory. Our armed forces, particularly the Army and BSF in this case, have only one option — to respond adequately and defend our territory and our people.”
“Pakistan in this continued…

Australian couple abandoned surrogate baby in India over gender  sayscourtPrint
Express News Service | Melbourne | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:27 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:28 pm
An Australian judge on Thursday said a couple from Australia rejected a child born to an Indian surrogate mother because of the baby’s gender and took home only its twin sibling. The case dates back to 2012 and surfaced during a joint probe in Australia by ABC and Foreign Correspondent.
Australian family judge Diana Bryant said she was told by the Australian high commission in New Delhi that the couple’s decision to leave the baby was “based on its gender”. Sources at the Australian high commission here told The Indian Express that the couple took the girl child and left the boy behind as the couple already has a son.
The judge said the high commission delayed giving the parents an Australian visa for the child they wanted in an attempt to persuade them to take both the babies. This act, Bryant said, was in “no way inappropriate”.
“In fact, they were doing their best to deal with a significant moral dilemma — there simply was no legal authority requiring the commissioning couple to take both children,” she said.
The judge has also stated that the couple’s “friend” sought the custody of the sibling but that the Australian  mission officials doubted the person was a friend and suspected “oney had changed hands”.
Later in the day, in an official statement, Australia’s department of foreign affairs and trade said the high commission’s role had been limited to assessing the parents’ application for citizenship and a passport for the chosen twin. “The parents in this case decided to apply for citizenship for only one of the twins… (we) had no grounds to refuse the citizenship application and a passport for the one twin for whom application was made as the child met the criteria for citizenship and an Australian passport.
“As the parents decided to apply for citizenship for only one child and consequently the other child was not granted Australian citizenship, India became responsible for the welfare of the other child and adoption arrangements became a matter for its legal system,’’ the department said in the statement.

Shivraj launches Make in Madhya PradeshcampaignPress Trust of India | Indore | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:12 pm
Taking a leaf out of Narendra Modi’s book, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday launched “Make in Madhya Pradesh campaign” campaign along the lines of the Prime Minister’s “Make in India” initiative.
“We have taken inspiration from Prime Minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign and started a ‘Make in MP’ campaign to make Madhya Pradesh an ideal state,” Chouhan said in the presence of Modi at the inaugural function of the Global Investors’ Summit (GIS).
“Modi has instilled lots of confidence and hope in the country. After he became Prime Minister, the period of policy paralysis ended,” Chouhan said.
He told investors that there is industrial peace and enough land available in Madhya Pradesh .
“We have created a real single-window system to grant clearances for setting up industries. The state’s growth rate is 11.08 per cent, which is highest in the country,” he said.
Chouhan said that his government has developed solid infrastructure in the state and successfully brought it out of “BIMARU” states’ category.

Islamic State seizes large areas of Syrian town despite airstrikesPrint
Turkish soldiers in a a tank hold their position on a hilltop at the Turkey-Syria border, overlooking smoke rising from a strike in Kobani, Syria, during fighting between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group, on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Reuters | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:52 pm
Islamic State fighters seized more than a third of the Syrian border town of Kobani, a monitoring group said on Thursday, as U.S.-led air strikes failed to halt their advance and Turkish forces nearby looked on without intervening.
With Washington ruling out a ground operation in Syria, Turkey described as unrealistic any expectation that it would conduct a cross-border operation unilaterally to relieve the mainly Kurdish town.
The U.S. military said Kurdish forces appeared to be holding out in the town that lies within sight of Turkish territory, following fresh airstrikes in the area against a militant training camp and fighters.
However, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Islamic State, which is still widely known by its former acronym of ISIS, had pushed forward on Thursday.
“ISIS control more than a third of Kobani – all eastern areas, a small part of the northeast and an area in the southeast,” said Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Observatory which monitors the Syrian civil war.
Smoke from a fire rises following a strike in Kobani, Syria, during fighting between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group. (Source: AP photo)
The commander of Kobani’s heavily outgunned Kurdish defenders confirmed that the militants had made major gains in a three-week battle that has also led to the worst streets clashes in years between police and Kurdish protesters across the frontier in southeast Turkey.
Militia chief Esmat al-Sheikh put the area controlled by Islamic State, which has already seized large amounts of territory in Syria and neighbouring Iraq, at about a quarter of the town. “The clashes are ongoing – street battles,” he told Reuters by telephone from the town.
Explosions rocked the town throughout Thursday, with black smoke visible from the Turkish border a few kilometres (miles) away. Islamic State hoisted its black flag in Kobani overnight and a stray projectile landed 3 km (2 miles) inside Turkey.
The United Nations says only a few hundred inhabitants remain in Kobani but the town’s defenders say the battle will end in a massacre if Islamic State prevails, giving it a strategic garrison on the Turkish border.
They complain that the United States is giving only token support through the air strikes, while Turkish tanks sent to the frontier are looking on continued…

Odisha braces for Hudhud though Met Dept says cyclone likely to miss the stateComments
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh stocked shelters with rations and planned mass evacuations on Thursday as the states stepped up their preparedness for a powerful cyclone that is likely to hit the southeastern coast at the weekend.
Cyclone Hudhud is moving in from the Bay of Bengal and is expected to develop into a severe storm, packing wind speeds of up to 140 kilometres per hour, before hitting the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud.
“We are stocking all the essential commodities,” said Vishakhapatnam district collector N Yuvaraj.
“We are assessing the probable habitations which are to be evacuated. We have also warned fishermen not to venture out to sea, and are sending communication to those already out there to return to the coast.”
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu reviewed preparations with district officials while chief secretary IYR Krishna Rao directed district collectors to evacuate people from low-lying areas.
The weather office suggested suspension of fishing operations as the sea is likely to be rough off the cost of Andhra Pradesh where Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts are likely to bear the brunt of the storm.
Mobile service providers have sent messages to people in Telugu warning them of the cyclone.
The state is also in touch with the army and the air force, while four National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams have been sent to the Andhra coast.
Weather officials said the cyclone could skip Odisha, but the state was not taking chances.
More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready while 10 teams of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight NDRF teams were deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a meeting with senior officials on Thursday to review the preparations.
“I reviewed the contingency plan of important departments like water resources, energy, food and civil supplies and works. Tomorrow, according to routine programme, there will be mock drill in cyclone shelters,” Patnaik said.
Cyclone Phailin struck Odisha last year, causing damage to houses and property but timely evacuation by the government minimised the loss of lives.

Airline Delays  Cancelations Rise From Last YearKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Texas officials transport Ebola victim for cremationCaption
The family of Thomas Eric Duncan was devastated by the news of his death.
Oct. 8, 2014 Eric Williams, a Texas congressional candidate, speaks to reporters outside Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas about the death of Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan at the hospital. Williams is calling on Gov. Rick Perry (R) to begin an investigation into the treatment of Duncan and the care he received at the hospital. LM Otero/AP
View Photo Gallery —Thomas Eric Duncan traveled from Liberia to the United States last month and began experiencing symptoms of the virus about five days later. He died Oct. 8.
The CDC recommends avoiding contact with the body of someone who has died from Ebola, “including participating in funeral and burial rituals.”
According to CDC instructions, a body of a person infected with Ebola should be carefully prepared before it is moved. The CDC recommends that the body be enclosed in two bags, which should be disinfected.
“After that careful preparation, the body will be cremated,” health officials said. “CDC guidelines say remains infected with Ebola can be cremated or buried promptly in a hermetically sealed casket.”
Officials said that the cremation process kills the virus and allows the remains to be returned to the family.
“No protective gear is needed to handle the remains after cremation,” health officials said.
The Rev. George Mason, pastor of Duncan’s fiancee, said Wednesday night that it is most likely that a memorial service or burial would be scheduled sometime after Oct. 19, when the fiancee is cleared by health officials.
Duncan’s fiancee, Louise Troh, remains in mandated isolation, along with her 13-year-old son, Duncan’s cousin and a 20-year-old man. They were placed in isolation in an undisclosed location, after coming into contact with Duncan when it was likely he was symptomatic.
The CDC says Ebola, a rare deadly disease, “is spread by direct contact with a sick person’s blood or bodily fluids, including urine, saliva, feces, vomit and semen.”
The virus can also spread by direct contact with objects such as “needles that have been contaminated with the infected person’s bodily fluid.” Symptoms of a Ebola include a fever, severe headache, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain and unexplained bleeding or bruising.
Health officials are monitoring 48 people in Dallas who had contact with Duncan before he was diagnosed. As of Wednesday night, none of the 48 has shown any symptoms of Ebola, health officials said.

Pakistan should silence its guns to normalise situation  says OmarAbdullahPrint
The chief minister reached Jammu on Thursday and met shelling affected families in camps.(Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Bishnah (samba) | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:01 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 10:06 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Thursday said the only way for Pakistan to normalise the situation is to silence its guns, while taking a dig at Islamabad for approaching UN Military Observer Group saying complaining to a toothless body will serve no purpose.
“The easiest way, if Pakistan wants to normalise the situation, is to silence its guns. If they stop shelling, I am sure everyone will stop from here. And that will put an end to this,” he said.
“Pakistan is deliberately targeting civilian areas that is evident from the number of the casualties that has occurred on this side,” he said after interacting with shelling-hit people at camps in Bishnah.
The chief minister reached Jammu on Thursday and met shelling affected families in camps. He also took stock of the facilities being provided to them.
“During the ceasefire violation along the border, there have been eight deaths and more than 80 injuries, some of them are critical in hospitals, that shows the extent of shelling and seriousness of the situation.
“On our side, we are trying to minimise the casualties by evacuating the areas along the border and I believe that we have achieved fair deal of success,” he said.
Omar also took a dig at Pakistan for approaching UNMOGIP.
“UNMOGIP, you all know is a toothless organisation. It has never been able to stop any ceasefire violation at LoC or IB”.
Omar said, “In 25 years of militancy including infiltration in Jammu and Kashmir, when has UNMOGIP played any role in this. Kargil war happened under the very nose of UNMOGIP”.
“The matter that Pakistan has gone and made a complaint to this toothless organisation, to my mind, it will serve absolutely no purpose,” Chief Minister said.

Chinese company develops Ebola treatmentChinese company develops Ebola treatment
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a5ebcea-4f9c-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Darwin Note  Early Apple Computer Being AuctionedKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Correction watch: Is this the big onecorrection watch: is this the big one
Bill Gross says returning to a  simpler role  at Janus Capital Group IncBill Gross says returning to a  simpler role  at Janus Capital Group Inc
Ex-Xstrata chief made bid for BHP assetsFormer Xstrata chief made bid for BHP Billiton assets
By Arash Massoudi and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c67a206-4fc2-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Krugman Slams Republicans Over  Voodoo Economicskrugman slams republicans over  voodoo economics
Family finances: the best way to save for college0
Luckily, tools are available to help you scale the heights. State-sponsored investment programs known as 529 plans can provide the momentum you need to reach your goal. And you probably won't need to save the full amount. Most families get a discount in the form of grants, scholarships and education tax breaks and use loans to fill the gap. A more realistic goal: Save about one-third of your expected college costs.
The best place to save is in a 529 plan. Sponsored by 48 states and the District of Columbia, these investment accounts let your savings grow tax-free, and the earnings escape tax completely if the withdrawals are used for qualified college expenses, which include tuition, fees, and room and board. The appeal of 529 plans lies in their easy access as well as their tax benefits. The plans have no income limit and set a high cap on contributions. Two-thirds of the states and the District of Columbia give a tax deduction or credit for contributions. If your child skips college, you can make the recipient a sibling, grandchild, niece or nephew (or even yourself) without losing the tax break.
There are a few drawbacks. If you cash out for non-college purposes, you'll owe income tax and a 10-percent penalty on earnings (but not on contributions). You may have to return any state tax deductions, too. Plus, you're limited to the investment options in your plan. After you pick a portfolio, you must wait 12 months before you can change the investment mix or transfer the money to another plan.
Buy a 529 plan directly from your state if it offers a tax break. (Go to the Vanguard 529 State Tax Deduction Calculator, http://www.vanguard.com/529taxtool , to find out what your potential tax savings would be in your state plan.)
If your state doesn't offer a tax break -- or you live in a state that offers a tax break no matter where you invest -- you can search for the best state plan that meets your goals. Figuring out which plan that is depends on what matters most to you.
States generally offer an array of choices. But some plans offer better-performing funds and a more diversified mix of investments than others. For a state-by-state guide to our 529 picks, go to kiplinger.com/links/529plans.
(Jane Bennett Clark is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Pakistan Jammu shellingi...    Cached
Jammu, Oct 9 (IANS) At least five people were injured in overnight shelling by Pakistan Rangers on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir, police said Thursday.

Kerala Congress Shashi Tharoortharoor-delighted-that...    Cached
Thiruvananthapuram: Congress MP Shashi Tharoor says he is delighted that his party in Kerala is preparing a report against him for his views on Prime ...

Saif Ali Khan Olympic Gold Festambassador-of-Olympic.htm    Cached
SAIF ALI KHAN directs Raj & DK's cameo scenes in 'Happy Ending' AKSHAY KUMAR swaps release date of 'Singh Is Bling' with 'Brothers' Bigg Boss: Contestants who did not ...

West Indies player strikeplayers-threaten-strike...    Cached
West Indies players threaten strike, India ODI series in doubt: Wednesday, 8 October 2014 *Kochi:* A cloud of doubt hung over the series between India and the West ...
More search results

Including people in governanceUpdated: October 9, 2014 13:00 IST
Including people in governance
Tweet
HIDDEN COSTS: That Vijayawada and Guntur are well-connected and centrally located in Andhra Pradesh will help reduce transport cost, but there are other indirect costs to choosing a capital between these regions. Picture shows National Highway 5 bwteeen Vijayawada and Guntur. Photo: V. Raju
TOPICS
state politics
Moving to democratic participative governance in Andhra Pradesh will enable a shift from from a top-down for-the-people model of governance to a bottom-up by-the-people model
The soul of India lives in its villages, Mahatma Gandhi said. London governed India’s soul then. Delhi and the State capitals now govern India, but not quite in a way that allows people to participate in decision-making.
By declaring that the new capital of Andhra Pradesh (A.P.) is Vijayawada and its surrounding region (Vijayawada, Guntur, Tenali and Mangalagiri) and by wanting all major government institutions there, A.P. Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu has, like in other Indian States, favoured centralised governance.
The logic for choosing the Vijayawada-Guntur region to be the capital can be traced to the outdated industrial location theory (ILT) according to which industry sites are chosen to minimise the transport cost of raw materials and finished goods. It is no doubt that Vijayawada and Guntur are centrally located in A.P. and are well-connected, and this helps minimise transport cost for visitors to these regions. But ILT does not consider other critical issues.
Indirect costs
First, the theory factors only direct costs, not externalities. The region chosen is surrounded by some of A.P.’s best farmland, and a part of it will be lost to the new capital. According to Ashmore, Marshall and others, air pollution from large cities like Mumbai and Ahmedabad has caused wheat and paddy yield losses of 15-40 per cent, amounting to lakhs of tonnes, in a 60-70-kilometre radius around each city. Air pollution from thermal power plants is similar to that from cities; hence crop yield losses around power plants can be extrapolated to estimate losses around cities. A 2013 environmental impact appraisal of the 1,760 MW Ibrahimpatnam thermal power plant located near Vijayawada estimated that the plant’s air pollution-related crop yield losses in a 10-km radius around the plant amounted to Rs. 200 crore per annum. Extrapolating this to air pollution-related crop yield losses in a 25-km radius around the new capital would mean a loss of Rs. 1,000 crore per annum to local farmers. And as the new capital grows, it will attract migrants, and the city’s carbon emissions will increase by at least one million tonnes per annum. The cost of raising plantations that can sequester these carbon emissions is Rs. 3,500 crore.
Second, ILT does not factor costs for social conflicts. The energy required for a smart city is six million tonnes of oil equivalent costing Rs. 35,000 crore, i.e., a third of A.P.’s 2014-15 budget. To mobilise these funds, a public-private partnership may be sought. Private parties who invest for profit will want to transform newer parts of Vijayawada and Guntur into gated communities with super malls, leaving the older and crowded one-towns in Vijayawada and Patha-Guntur as they are. The uneven development of the Vijayawada-Guntur region is likely to cause social conflict in future — one with a cost.
Third, ILT may work for a single node like a centralised capital, but not for smart governance or decentralised democratic participative governance. In a centralised capital, higher-level government functions are centralised in one location. In the model of smart governance, government functions are dispersed throughout the State enabling people to travel shorter distances to district, taluka/mandal towns for work with the government, rather than to the capital, thus minimising transport costs. More importantly, the State’s polity and all its regions will feel that they have been included in the process of governance.
Tasked by the Union government to identify sites for the new capital, the Sivaramakrishnan Committee recommended dispersing government institutions across the State to allow for distributed and equitable development of all of the State. For instance, departments related to industry, agriculture and mining could be located in Visakhapatnam, Prakasam and Rayalaseema respectively. Accepting this recommendation to decentralise is the first step in smart governance.
The second step is to move to democratic participative governance. Indian law empowers local self-governments — panchayats, municipalities, etc., to take decisions about local matters. Local self-governments have not discharged their mandate adequately because of lack of clear jurisdiction and adequate funds. If this is corrected, governance can be transformed from a top-down for the people model of centralised governance done from State capitals to a bottom-up by the people model, where every village and town governs itself.
Smart governance experiments
Smart governance experiments have been done in many parts of the world. Participatory budgeting first began in 1990 in Porto Alegre in Brazil. In the first quarter of every year, communities hold open house meetings every week to discuss and vote on the city’s budget and spending priorities for their neighbourhood. Later, city-wide public plenaries pass a budget that is binding on the city council. Within seven years of starting participatory budgeting, household access to piped water and sewers doubled to touch 95 per cent. Roads, particularly in slums, increased five-fold; schools quadrupled and health and education budgets trebled. Tax evasion fell. People used computer kiosks to feed suggestions to the city council’s website.
Participatory budgeting is now being done in 1,500 towns around the world — in Europe, South America, Canada, and in Pune, Bangalore, Mysore and Hiware Bazar in India. Hiware Bazar, 25 years ago, was like any other drought-prone village in Marathwada, Maharashtra. Today its income has increased 20-fold and poverty has all but disappeared.
In the early 1970s, British scientist Stafford Beer designed a cybernetic system that did real-time monitoring of Chile’s economy and allowed production decisions to be taken at different levels — by shop floor workers, by people in the entire production facility, by representatives of production facilities in a city and finally the cabinet’s economic committee. If an issue arose on a particular shop floor, workers were given a certain amount of time to fix it. If they failed because the issue was beyond their control (raw material shortage for instance), an algedonic meter sounded an alarm and the decision shifted to a higher level. Two 1970s-generation computers and telex lines were used for this.
Before Right to Information (RTI) became law in India, public boards with information on daily receipt and disbursement of food grains were ordered to be put up outside ration shops in Madhya Pradesh. Immediately after, food grain shortages in ration shops disappeared. Fifteen years ago, plants in A.P. were ordered to put up public boards outside their main gate with information on their compliance conditions and zones that were most vulnerable to catastrophic accidents. To make RTI more effective, a non-computerised information search engine has been designed in India.
Thirty years ago, Narsappa, an illiterate farmer who was aggrieved by Harihar Polyfibers’ effluents, was told by the plant’s management that their effluents were being treated and that he had no cause for worry. He asked why the locations of the plant’s fresh water intake and effluent discharge points could not be switched. Narsappa’s question is still unanswered.
Grassroots decision-makers in Brazil and Chile are like Narsappa. Participation of people like him in smart governance or gram swaraj will make India a vibrant society — much more than using expensive toys like online air quality monitors from Singapore, the output data from which is not actionable in Indian cities.
(Sagar Dhara works with Cerana Foundation on energetics of human societies and environmental risks. His e-mail address is sagdhara@yahoo.com)

5 Easy Steps to Becoming a Woman of Actionreddit
My ex-husband once called me a "woman of action." It was not a compliment. Some people like to change their minds a lot. Some people like to get things done. I like to get things done, even if that means ruffling a few feathers, making big life changes, moving furniture, or taking a stand that may be unpopular or controversial. I couldn't do my job, couldn't be the mom that I am, and couldn't have as much fun if I weren't a woman of action. I also wouldn't be making positive differences in the world.
Looking around today, at the news, at what's going on around the world--whether it's climate change, war, or economic troubles--it strikes me that we could use a few more women of action. After all, we are the ones who won't get sucked into all the bullsh*t and will just get things done. Some people enjoy all the talking and arguing and long, drawn-out debates. I can engage in a few of those every once in a while, but as a rule, I'd rather just see results. This is probably why I will never go into politics. (In the time it takes for others to fret, argue, and debate, I'll have gotten it done twice.)
The great news is more and more women are stepping up to join the Women of Action Club. And by the way, it's a club that welcomes male members, too. Umm, I mean men. So here are my tips for upping your action quotient and becoming a Woman (or Man) of Action. It's no guarantee of happiness. It's just a guarantee of results.
1. Don't wait for permission. As women, many of us were raised to be "good girls." Forget it. You are the boss of you and you don't report to anyone but yourself, so make up your own mind and decide for yourself what you want and how you want to get it done. Dream it. Say it. Do it.
2. Take the first step. It can be a little step, but it's a step forward, not a step back. Maybe it's speaking out. Maybe it's making a reservation. Maybe it's making a change. But it's something. Something is almost always better than nothing. Nothing real is stopping you from taking the first step. Nothing.
3. Don't let fear get in your way. Fear will be your partner, no doubt about it. But over time, as your confidence grows, the fear will lessen. Never let it stop you from doing what you believe to be the right thing! NEVER! Hold hands with your fear, and over time, fear will get smaller and smaller. Just the other week I got up in front of a big crowd and asked President Jimmy Carter a Big Question. My heart was beating fast. But not nearly as fast as the first time I asked questions in public! Now I can look back knowing I didn't let fear stop me; I asked the question--even if the answer may not have been what I hoped to hear.
4. Make lists. Sometimes actions can seem overwhelming. I always find it helpful to make lists and break things down into smaller steps. Whether it's planning a dream vacation, achieving a life goal, or landing a new job, getting organized is key to effective action. Plus, there's the epic satisfaction of crossing things off the list and looking back at all the steps you accomplished to get you to where you are now.
5. Don't give a f@#k about what people say. This is a hard one; it took me a long time to follow this step. And it's still never easy or not even always doable. But I recently heard President Clinton give this advice: "Never take criticism personally--it's always more about the person criticizing than it is about you." He should know. I do believe he's right. Criticism comes from other people's fear or frustrations. That doesn't mean we should ignore what other people say about us; no, we should listen and see if there's anything we can learn to improve ourselves. But at the end of the day, don't let critics get you down. If you're a Woman or Man of Action, people will criticize you and even ridicule you, but while they've been doing that, you've gotten something done. And that's what really matters.
For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com
Follow Maria Rodale on Twitter: www.twitter.com/farmkitchenblog
More:

Celebrating 25 yearsUpdated: October 8, 2014 18:54 IST
Celebrating 25 years
Digitally restored and re-mastered ‘Shiva’ is expected to release next month
A documentary titled Exploring Shiva after 25 years is now available to watch on YouTube.
Made to mark 25 years of the cult film starring Nagarjuna, Amala and Raghuvaran, and directed by the then debutant Ram Gopal Varma, this documentary narrated by Sirasri has interviews of the cast and crew giving viewers insights into the making of Shiva.
The film that dealt with student politics in a mafia backdrop, was shot extensively in Acharya N. G. Ranga Agricultural University, Hyderabad. The film had dialogues penned by Iqbal Durrani. Ram Gopal Varma later releases a prequel of the film in 2006.
The documentary takes a look at the locations in which Shiva was filmed, the goons who featured in the film and what they are up to today and the making of the music and sound of Shiva.
The documentary also has interviews with leading filmmakers and that of Ram Gopal Varma.
Meanwhile, the digitally restored and re-mastered Shiva is expected to release in cinema halls this November.

http://usat.ly/1vTwf48FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood.
Post to Facebook
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013 As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
89
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss 6:47 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
Video Keywords Warren Levinson macro trade NASDAQ Associated Press
It was another wild ride for the stock market as the Dow Jones industrial average had its biggest plunge of the year, dropping 334-points just a day after the Dow had its biggest gain of the year. (Oct. 9) AP
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  Wall -- Yo-Yo that -- third day. Jones industrial average
00:08  ended the session down 334. Points -- biggest one day one
00:12  -- the year. Energy stocks led the slide is the price
00:15  of -- continue to slope oil fell 2% on worries global
00:19  economy will slow even as production remains high. Stronger US economy
00:24  also weighed on crude prices for the past couple years away.
00:28  Weak dollar brought higher gold and higher. Crude oil and just
00:33  higher commodity prices in general -- dollar's strengthening -- servicing. And
00:37  unwind of that macro trade Thursday's selloff follows 272. Point loss
00:42  on Tuesday. And 275. -- a couple of days later. And
00:46  the reason we're seeing increased volatility is this more and certainty
00:50  now facing investors and what we saw. Just a few months
00:53  ago at the close of trading the Dow and NASDAQ were
00:56  down 2% in the stint with 102 point 1%. Now has
01:00  had this many big swings since August -- -- Government wants
01:05  to AAA credit -- Warren Levinson Associated Press.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Renewed worries about global economic growth, corporate earnings and market valuations propelled U.S. stocks to huge losses Thursday.
The Dow Jones industrial average sank  335 points (2%) to 16,659,  the blue chip barometer's biggest drop since a 354 point slide on June 6, 2013. The carnage to broader indexes was just as pronounced, with the Standard & Poors 500  slumping 2% to 1,928, the Nasdaq composite sliding  2% to 4,378 and the small stock Russell 2000 sinking 2.5% to 1,069, sparking fears that selling pressures could linger.
Thursday's losses were a sharp reversal from Wednesday, when the Dow clocked a near 275-point gain -  biggest of the year - inspired by the release of Federal Reserve's meeting minutes signaling the central bank intent to keep interest rates low.
WHO: Some blame ECB's Draghi for sell-off
All 10 of the S&P's 10 industry sectors were bloodied Thursday.
Energy stocks were particularly hard hit as crude oil prices continued to slide. The S&P Energy sector index was off 3% after benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil and Brent crude continued to slide. In after hours trading, West Texas crude  was trading below $85 a barrel for the first time since November 2012.
Thursday's Dow slide was its first three-day move of at least 200 points since August 2011, when the nation's AAA-grade debt was downgraded.
"I think the market has simply taken enough body blows that it was ready for a head shot,'' says Jordan Kimmel, chief investment officer at Investview.
Investors headed to safe havens, such as Treasuries. Yields on 10-year notes fell to 2.3%, lowest in nearly 15 months.
WINNERS: 5 stocks bucking the market's rough ride
European markets erased early gains and ended with a  third straight day of losses. Markets in Asia were less settled. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.8%, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng index added 1.2%.
Renewed volatility and jitters appears to have gripped a market looking for direction. "The market swings daily now with bad news about the global economy being bad news and bearish one day and being good news and bullish the next,'' says Edward Yardeni, chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research.
"On the bad days, investors are pessimistic that the Fed and other central banks have any tools left to boost growth. On good days, they hope that they were wrong the day before. If you are confused by all this, you should be," Yardeni says.
With third quarter earnings season underway, corporate profits could be key to the market's direction.
"Investors are in a volatile fog until we get clarity on the earnings front and forward guidance," says Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. "Until then, the roll coaster ride will continue."
Says Prudential Financial market strategist Quinck Krosby;  "Investors need to hear from companies with regard to demand for their goods and services. Ultimately, this should be the best indicator of the depth of the global slowdown.
Investors in Europe were looking ahead to a speech in Washington by European Central Bank chiefe Mario Draghi.
Economic forecasters have cut Germany's growth rate to 1.3% from 1.9% due to weak eurozone and global growth as well as uncertainty over the Ukraine crisis.
The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for this year and next for global growth, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and Europe. The IMF expects the global economy will grow 3.3% this year, below what it forecast in July.
Among Thursday's few bright spots: Apple, which neared its all-time $103.74 in early trading before closing up 22 cents to $101.02. Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn again prodded CEO Tim Cook to shake some cash loose and buy back company shares. Icahn says AAPL stock is undervalued and says shares are worth $203.
Contributing: Ed Brackett, Kim Hjelmgaard, and the Associated Press.
October again takes stock investors on a roller coaster ride http://t.co/Om7W5Lzzka (Photo: Paul Ruben) pic.twitter.com/cMI2gheWga
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48

RIL to complete Rs 20 000 crore investment in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016Oct 09, 2014 at 06:25pm IST
RIL to complete Rs 20,000 crore investment in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016
8
0
Indore: Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Thursday said that his group will complete Rs 20,000 crore investment programme in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016.
"We are in the midst of a major investment programme in MP which ends in the next 18 months. We are investing cumulatively Rs 20,000 crore... We will then re-engage," he said while addressing the Global Investors' Summit.
Ambani also indicated that his group will invest similar amounts across sectors like energy and retail, after the present round of investments are completed.
"Our major investment is in coal bed methane which is bringing in energy with technology. We are also investing in retail business," Mukesh Ambani said.
#reliance #ril #mukesh ambani #madhya pradesh
"Our major investment is in coal bed methane which is bringing in energy with technology. We are also investing in retail business," the RIL chief said, adding that the group provides employment opportunities to a large number of people in the state.
He said that "after a long time" India is on a resurgent path to growth. "For me Reliance is more than business, it stands for a commitment to India. We are dedicated to making India and also MP one of the most prosperous and developed areas in the world," said Ambani, the country's richest man.
On building a world class digital infrastructure, he said that 75 per cent work was done and it would be available by middle of 2015. About 65 million people (of total 75 million in MP) will be connected and MP can look forward to being the digital capital of India, he added.
"To my mind digitalisation creates more jobs," he said adding, "development and progress has be inclusive... it should pull together all sections of society".
SA

Nihilent acquires US based BI firm GNet GroupNihilent acquires US based BI firm GNet Group
BS Reporter | Pune Oct 09, 2014 08:56 PM IST
Pune-based solution integrations company Nihilent Technologies has acquired US-based business intelligence (BI) and SharePoint solutions provider GNet Group, for an undisclosed amount. GNet has deep expertise in business intelligence services, SharePoint and application development.
Nihilent said it will now be able to enhance its expertise in business intelligence and software application development, especially in the American region.
“This acquisition is a result of GNet Group’s profitability and growth, and its extensive expertise in the business intelligence and analytics space,” said L C Singh, vice-chairman and CEO of Nihilent.  “This acquisition is important and essential to Nihilent and we have already begun integration operations. This is a great opportunity for Nihilent to expand into America. Also, our relationship with Microsoft, through expertise in deploying their CRM and AX solutions will position us to hit the ground running,” said Minoo Dastur, president and COO, Nihilent Technologies.

Carl Icahn: Apple is worth a lot moreBillionaire Carl Icahn: Apple is worth a lot more
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 9, 2014: 1:40 PM ET
 
Icahn doesn't care if Apple innovates
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Billionaire Carl Icahn is known to throw punches at corporate management, but he's lobbing a softball at Apple.
In an open letter to Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) CEO Tim Cook Thursday, the activist hedge fund manager called the company "one of the best investments we have ever seen" and urged the tech giant to ramp up the size and pace of its stock buybacks.
Icahn believes that Apple stock is worth over $200 per share (roughly double where it is now), driven by the success of the new iPhone 6 as well as upcoming products such as the iWatch and rumored Apple TV.
"We believe Apple is dramatically undervalued in today's market, and the more shares repurchased now, the more each remaining shareholder will benefit from that earnings growth," Icahn said in the letter.
Related: Shrewd investor Carl Icahn is killing it
He didn't specify a specific price or amount of shares he'd like to see bought back. Apple is currently repurchasing around $25 billion of stock per year, according to Icahn's forecast. His investment firm, Icahn Enterprises ( IEP ), is one of Apple's largest shareholders with 53 million shares (equal to about $5.3 billion at the current stock price).
In response to Icahn, Apple released a statement Thursday with an accompanying chart noting that the company has already bought back $51 billion worth of stock in recent years.
"Since 2013 we've been aggressively executing the largest capital return program in corporate history," Apple asserted. "As we've said before, we will review the program annually and take into account the input from all of our shareholders."
Related: Not everything Apple touches is gold
Stock buybacks serve as a way for companies to return cash through shareholders and often suggest that it believes its shares are worth more than their current price. Icahn said that to "preemptively diffuse any cynical criticism" that he just wants a short-term gain, he wouldn't sell any shares as part of a future buyback.
Earlier this year, Icahn dropped his proposal for Apple to institute a $150 billion buyback after an influential shareholder advisory group said they would not support the plan. That said, he takes credit for pushing Apple to do other buybacks in the past.
 
EBay breaks up with PayPal
But unlike other campaigns for change at the companies he owns, Icahn didn't lambaste Cook for spending too much time on the golf course. Instead, he's indicated that he's pretty pleased with the job he's been doing.
"To be totally clear, this letter is in no way intended as a criticism of you as CEO, nor is it intended to be critical of anything you or your team are doing from an operational perspective at Apple," the letter said. "Quite to the contrary, we could not be more supportive of you and your team, and of the excellent work being done at Apple, a company that continues to change the world through technological innovation."
Apple stock has been on a tear this year -- rising over 25% to new all-time highs. Icahn began building up his sizable stake in the company last year, so he's already profited quite handsomely. The stock popped 1% Thursday morning after the letter.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 9:42 AM ET
Most Popular

Shivraj launches Make in Madhya Pradesh campaignPress Trust of India | Indore | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:12 pm
Taking a leaf out of Narendra Modi’s book, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday launched “Make in Madhya Pradesh campaign” campaign along the lines of the Prime Minister’s “Make in India” initiative.
“We have taken inspiration from Prime Minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign and started a ‘Make in MP’ campaign to make Madhya Pradesh an ideal state,” Chouhan said in the presence of Modi at the inaugural function of the Global Investors’ Summit (GIS).
“Modi has instilled lots of confidence and hope in the country. After he became Prime Minister, the period of policy paralysis ended,” Chouhan said.
He told investors that there is industrial peace and enough land available in Madhya Pradesh .
“We have created a real single-window system to grant clearances for setting up industries. The state’s growth rate is 11.08 per cent, which is highest in the country,” he said.
Chouhan said that his government has developed solid infrastructure in the state and successfully brought it out of “BIMARU” states’ category.

Urea plants suspend work as Centre stops subsidyUrea plants suspend work as Centre stops subsidy
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 09, 2014 08:35 PM IST
The Madras Fertilizers Limited (MFL) has decided to shut down its urea plant as the government has decided to discontinue subsidy for naptha-based urea manufacturers. It may be noted that the Southern Petrochemicals Industries Corporation Ltd (SPIC) has already closed its unit purportedly for “maintenance”.
The companies are the key sources of urea in the state and they have a combined capacity of about a million tonnes per annum.
MFL said: “Consequent to the discontinuation of subsidy to naptha-based urea manufacturers by the Government of India, effective October 1, 2014, the company has suspended its production of urea from October 8, 2014.”
SPIC has informed the exchange, the company’s plants have been shut for maintenance works as may be required. However, industry sources said that production was stopped for the same reason, the discontinuation of subsidy.
On September 8, while addressing shareholders, SPIC’s chairman said: “The government of India has extended the timeline for the payment of subsidies to naphtha-based plants till the end of this month. The operations of your urea plant beyond this month entirely depend on the government deciding to continue subsidies to naphtha-based units.”
On the impact of the closure these plants, industry experts said it will not have an immediate impact considering that most of the state is facing drought-conditions and 70 per cent of agriculture activities are over and kharif season is also over by September. Besides, if the demand goes up, urea can always be imported which is cheaper than that from the domestic market.
Industry sources said, while the maximum retail price for the farmer is around Rs 5,500 per tonne, the subsidy the government gives is around Rs 3,800 per tonne. They added that the cost of imported urea is around $250-350 (around Rs 20,000) a tonne.
In 2013-14 of the around Rs 2,700 crore revenue for MFL, government’s subsidy was Rs 2,300 crore, noted company officials.
Earlier, the government has issued a direction to convert the existing facility to gas from naphtha before June 30, 2014, failing which the subsidy may be withdrawn. The deadline was extended upto September 30, 2014.

Assocham says 2-day power holiday a death knell to SMEsAssocham says 2-day power holiday a death knell to SMEs
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 09, 2014 08:29 PM IST
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) expressed serious concern over imposition of a two-day power holiday for the industries in Telangana.
While all the segments of the industry will bear the impact, the small-scale units will face a death knell, Assocham secretary-general, DS Rawat, stated in a release on Thursday.
He said that increase in the cost of production and resultant loss in their competitiveness owing to the use of alternative energy sources could be sustained by some industries for sometime, but disruptions in the production schedules would make it difficult for the SMEs to meet their supply commitments, thereby leading to loss of business orders.  
Ultimately, this would lead to job loss of up to 50 per cent in the factory sector. Hence, the state government must immediately explore the opportunities to normalise power situation with the central government, Rawat said.
The Telangana government had decided to impose power cut for two days in a week for industry in the light of a steep increase in demand from the farm sector and shortage of power of about 1,000 Mw.

Bullish on Asian Paints for Short Term: ZEST CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Asian Paints for Short Term: ZEST Capital
Published On:                  October  9, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 35 sec
Tweet
Hemant Kale, founder of ZEST Capital, says Asian Paints stock is clearly in an uptrend. He has a target price of Rs 680 for the equity with stop loss at Rs 623. He also says that once the stock breaches that level, it can even hit Rs 700 in the near term.

When diversity needs to be justifiedBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 9 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Gabby Douglas accepts the Queen of Swag Award with NFL player Marshawn Lynch during Nickelodeon’s Kids’ Choice Sports Awards 2014. (Photo by Mark Davis/Getty Images)
Critic Pilot Viruet published an interview with Matthew Klickstein , the author of a new oral history of Nickelodeon, which has been making the rounds because of Klickstein’s frankly stated disdain for the push towards diversity in television programming and his insistence that “it’s very hard to be a man in the publishing world.”
I think it’s worse when they shove it in there. “Sanjay and Craig” is a really good example, which funnily enough is written in part by Will McRobb and Chris Viscardi from “Pete & Pete.” That show is awkward because there’s actually no reason for that character to be Indian — except for the fact that [Nickelodeon President] Cyma Zarghami and the women who run Nickelodeon now are very obsessed with diversity. Which is fine — do what you’re gotta do, and “Dora [the Explorer]” was certainly something of a success, but there’s no reason for [Sanjay] to be Indian at all. No one working on that show is Indian. They’re all white. It’s all the white people from “Bob’s Burgers” and Will and Chris.
To just shove it in there because, “Uh-oh, we need diversity,” is silly and a little disgusting.
I am all for imperatives that push creators to think harder about the reasons behind their choices about their characters and the decisions these fictional people are making. I just get a little confused when someone wants creative people to justify why their characters should be people of color but apparently does not think that standard should apply if they want a character to be white.
To steal a line from “Mean Girls,” the conventional wisdom in real life is that “you can’t just ask people why they’re white.” But while you would only expose your ignorance if you asked an actual human whether white people live anywhere on the African continent, one of the exciting things about creating fiction is that artists have the private luxury to ask themselves questions they would never voice aloud.
If you start inventing characters by simply assuming that they will have a default race, not to mention class, creed, sexuality or country or region of origin, you are missing opportunities to shade in your creation in ways that could be dramatically fruitful.
Just deciding that a character is white because why would they be anything else means skipping over questions about what sort of white person they are. Are they Jewish? WASPs? Italian in the delightful fashion of “The Mindy Project” hunk Danny Castellano ?
Maybe your assumption is that your characters ought to be white because they are suburban schoolchildren in the fashion of Clarissa from “Clarissa Explains It All” or the Petes from “The Adventures of Pete and Pete.” Leaving aside the ways in which that assumption ignores demographic realities and creative possibilities, why not think about what kind of suburban white kids your fictional suburban white kids are going to be? Are they second or third-generation residents of the ‘burbs? Or new arrivals, moving because they can finally afford to pursue the dream of the Crabgrass Frontier, and then confronting the reality?
Maybe there is “no reason” for characters on a children’s cartoon — or on a show aimed at grown-ups, like the CW’s “The Flash” — to be Indian or African American. But there is not much of a reason for a lot of fictional characters in stories not concerned with race to be white, either. And if we are going to lay down a marker that requires artists to justify the race of their characters, it ought to apply to white ones, too. Our storytelling might end up richer and more specific for it.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Sensex gains 390 points to close at 26 637Sensex gains 390 points to close at 26 637
Hong Kong reveals Chinese weaknessHong Kong reveals Chinese weakness
Gulshan Polyols: Outcome of board meetingGulshan Polyols: Outcome of board meeting
Zicom to re-enter government  institutional security system bizZicom to re-enter government, institutional security system biz
Shivani Shinde Nadhe | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 08:57 PM IST
With the new government at the centre focusing on smart-cities and increasing use of technology for surveillance, BSE-listed Zicom Electronic Security Systems is planning to re-enter the government and institutional security market. The company had sold this unit of its to Schneider Electronic in 2010 for Rs  225 crore.
The company may also look for acquisitions of assets in this segment as it targets to scale fast, said senior officials.
“We had taken a sabbatical from entering this segment. Now with the non-compete agreement coming to an end we want to re-enter this segment. We feel that we are missing out on a huge opportunity. Moreover, we have developed a command and control software which is useful for city management, and now we want to monetise this,” said Pramoud Rao, MD, Zicom.
The company said that it is too early to give a revenue target, Rao is aiming to get atleast sales execution of Rs  50-100 crore by FY16.
Rao also added that the company is yet to decide whether they want to build the business from scratch or go for an acquisition. He is also aware that Zicom will be competing with players such as IBM, Cisco and others when eyeing the government and institutional business. “We have our strengths. IBM and Cisco are very strong in networking, we are not. But we are very strong in security solutions,” he added.
When asked if the sell off of its security system was in haste, Rao disagrees. “I think we got out of that business as lot of IT services firm started to eye the segment. Though we had good product we could never match their balance sheet. So we went ahead and encashed the value we had created. I think the timing was right. Since after that not much happened in the segment other than the Commonwealth Games. Now the market looks more competitive,” he added.
Zicom reported revenue of Rs  926 crore for FY14 a growth of 35 per cent y-o-y and net profit of s 44.62 crore. At present, the business caters to the residential and enterprises segment and also has presence in the Fire protection market in the Middle East. In terms of revenue contribution, the fire protection business contributes 65 per cent to the revenue and residential and enterprises contribute about 35 per cent. Over the last four years, Zicom has focused on the residential and enterprises segment which has grown well for the company. (Source: India Infrastructure, 2014).

Corporates commit over Rs 1 lakh crore investment in MPIndia Inc commits close to Rs 1 lakh-cr in MP
BS Reporters | Indore Oct 10, 2014 12:39 AM IST
India Inc committed investments of nearly Rs 1 lakh-crore for Madhya Pradesh on Thursday, the second day of the Global Investors Summit here.
The Ambani brothers, Mukesh and Anil, pledged a combined investment of Rs 50,000 crore for their respective groups. Gautam Adani of Adani Group announced Rs 20,000 crore, followed by Suzlon's Tulsi Tanti’s promise of Rs 15,000 crore. Welspun’s Sindoor Mittal committed Rs 5,000 crore, Essar’s Shashi Ruia Rs 4,000 crore, Future Group’s Kishore Biyani Rs 2,000 crore and Symbiosis Open Education Society Rs 200 crore.
Tata Group’s Cyrus Mistry, Aditya Birla Group’s Kumar Mangalam Birla, ITC's Y C Deveshwar, Larsen & Toubro’s A M Naik and Godrej Group’s Adi Godrej were among those who attended.
Reliance Industries’ Chairman, Mukesh Ambani said: “India is on a resurgent path of growth and Madhya Pradesh is already on the way...We are going to invest Rs 20,000 crore in the coming years in energy, retail business, entrepreneurship development and the digital infrastructure sectors.”
Mistry expressed his group’s commitment to set up an integrated business process outsourcing campus in the city, to employ 10,000 information technology professionals. Tata Motors will also support Bus Rapid Transit projects in Ujjain and Jabalpur, and set up a driver training institute in Bhopal.
Adani said: “We started from soybean processing and now we are going to invest Rs 20,000 crore in the state in the coming five years.”
ITC’s Deveshwar said the company would establish an agri-product manufacturing and a eco-friendly paper plant in MP. L&T’s Naik said his company would raise transmission tower production capacity in the state from 45,000 tonnes to 75,000 tonnes.

Stocks retreat after Fed-induced rally© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Finmeccanica executives convictedFormer Finmeccanica executives convicted of falsifying invoices
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a1b7a4-4fb3-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://on.recode.net/1vY...Top tech news, delivered daily
Code/red by John Paczkowski
The insider's view on what's happening today and what's on the horizon
Kimberly White/Getty Images for Vanity Fair
Michael Bloomberg, Evan Spiegel and Katie Couric onstage at the Vanity Fair New Establishment Summit
Evan Spiegel and Mike Bloomberg on Sexting and Dealing With the Haters
October 8, 2014, 6:58 PM PDT
By Nellie Bowles
Evan Spiegel, Mike Bloomberg and Katie Couric took the stage together at the Vanity Fair New Establishment Summit Wednesday evening, probably because the magazine’s editor, Graydon Carter , thought it would be funny.
And it was!
The Summit, which is being presented Wednesday and Thursday at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, brought together the glossy magazine’s latest lineup of power players . And since so many of them are based in Silicon Valley, the premier New York media stalwart took its road show cross-country, to California.
The session was titled “Disrupting Information and Communication,” and moderator Couric started strong, with questions about the special relationship between Spiegel and Bloomberg — they had apparently met previously to discuss dealing with negative press. (Bloomberg was a controversial mayor of New York City. Spiegel, the co-founder and CEO of Snapchat, saw some of his aggressively sexist emails from college surface a few months ago.)
“I think Mike has a pretty unique history of doing things that aren’t popular,” said Spiegel. “He’s really been a role model.”
Bloomberg, who wore a blue suit and Tiffany-blue tie, said he has learned to handle negative press. “Just know that in the end you’re gonna be fine and they’re not,” Bloomberg said, referring to reporters. “It’s drivel. Nobody remembers.”
“Lining the birdcage,” added Couric, global anchor for Yahoo News, referring to a classic dig about news stories only lasting a day.
And then there’s old-fashioned forgiveness: “I work for a team who believe you can be an idiot frat boy and also become someone more thoughtful and considerate,” said Spiegel, who chose skinny black jeans and an oversized black sweatshirt for the onstage chat.
Couric changed the subject to … sexting! It’s what Snapchat might be for, right, Evan? But wait, actually a question for Bloomberg:
“First — Mike, have you ever sexted on Snapchat?” Couric inquired.
He had not. Bloomberg said that he follows the Richard Nixon rule: “Don’t record anything.”
Couric wanted to know if Spiegel knew how many of his users are sexting, but also wanted to make it clear that she was not “obsessed with sexting.”
Spiegel did not know how many Snapchat member use the app for sexting. And he said that his anecdotal research indicates that sexters like to save their sexts, anyway, so this issue is overblown.
Good to know.

Life  friendship and death after exonerationBy Radley Balko October 9 Follow @radleybalko
The rash of exonerations we’ve seen over the last 20 years is a unique phenomenon in modern U.S. history. It’s the product of an especially punitive era of criminal justice policy that began in the early 1980s, combined with the DNA technology that came long about 15 years later. Parole has been around for a long time. There have been studies of parolees and the psychology of leaving prison, and many states have programs to help parolees integrate back into society. But we know very little about exonerees and their psychology, which is probably quite a bit different than that of someone who served time for a crime they actually committed.
In fact, in some states exonerees are ineligible for the job training and reintegration programs that are available to parolees. Which means that in some ways and in some places, we treat innocent people who have served large amounts of time in prison worse upon their release than we treat guilty people. (And we still don’t even treat the parolees all that well.)
Over at The Intercept, Liliana Segura has written a piece about William Lopez and Jeff Deskovic, two wrongly convicted men who became best friends after their release from prison. It’s a vivid and moving illustration of the challenges faced by exonerees. Deskovic was released first, then started an advocacy organization that helped win Lopez’s release. Both men suffered from anxiety, confusion, and loneliness outside of prison. But they battled their demons in starkly different ways.
On a snowy evening in late March, just over a year after walking out of prison, where he had spent 23 years for a crime he didn’t commit, William Lopez entered a CVS in the Bronx and did something inexplicable. After paying for a prescription at the pharmacy counter, he paused to grab some other things — two sticks of Old Spice deodorant and some allergy medicine. Then, without paying, and in full view of a security guard, he walked out. Police were called and Lopez was arrested.
Lopez told his lawyer he had been preoccupied and took the items by accident. This actually made sense; navigating his new-found freedom posed a daily challenge for the 55-year-old Lopez, and he was often distracted. “His mind was not all there,” his lawyer recalls. “He was anxious about a lot of things.” But Jeff Deskovic, Lopez’s closest friend, heard a different explanation, one that disturbed him. To him, Lopez confessed, “he committed a petty theft to get reincarcerated.”
Deskovic was stunned. Just a few weeks earlier, The New York Times had published a long profile featuring both of them, showing Lopez moving on with his life — singing karaoke and bonding with other former New York inmates who had been released after wrongful convictions. “It’s kind of like we get together for treatment or something,” he told the Times, “like we have the same disease.” If casting himself as sick might have been a signal that Lopez was struggling more, not less, as time passed, no one read it that way. No one could have guessed he would sabotage his freedom by shoplifting thirty dollars’ worth of stuff.
Lopez’s actions seem inexplicable to most of us. But then, most of us haven’t served decades in prison for a crime we didn’t commit. Segura lets Deskovic explain his friend’s state of mind:
Lopez was “in a dark place,” Deskovic says. And to a certain degree, he understood. Himself exonerated in 2006 after spending 16 years in prison for a rape and murder he did not commit, Deskovic had fought his own demons after being released. But not only did he survive, in 2012 he founded the  Jeffrey Deskovic Foundation for Justice , with the mission of finding and freeing others like himself. Lopez was the organization’s first success story—Deskovic proudly  walked him out of Brooklyn Supreme Court in January 2013. Then, he refused to leave his side. Deskovic knew too well how hard it is to emerge from prison to, as he puts it, “a world that you don’t belong to.” He wanted his foundation to ensure that new exonerees did not struggle as much as he had. So Deskovic tried to provide Lopez with all the things the state had not: a temporary apartment, some money to get by, and guidance on everything from cell phones to the subway. In the process, the two became fast friends. “I saw a lot of myself in him,” Deskovic says, “even though he was a lot older than me.”
On the day he walked into that CVS, Deskovic says, Lopez had no desire to go back to prison — quite the opposite. But he had become convinced that it was inevitable and wanted to control how it happened. Lopez was convicted in 1990 of shooting and killing a drug dealer in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, despite a  complete lack of credible evidence . The federal judge who released him called his case “rotten from day one,” lambasting prosecutors as “overzealous and deceitful,” and urged the state to apologize. Yet Lopez’s ordeal was far from over. Veteran Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes  refused to drop the charges  against Lopez, instead filing an appeal to reinstate his conviction. Never mind that “the prosecution’s evidence was flimsy to begin with,” as U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis  wrote , “and has since been reduced to rubble by facts arising after trial.” Hynes wanted to send Lopez back to prison anyway.
So, even as Lopez celebrated his first year of freedom over lasagna and wine this past January, the fear of prison haunted him. As court dates in the appeal approached, “it started to play a larger and larger role in his mind,” Deskovic says, “to the point where he was mentally preparing himself to be reincarcerated.” Lopez’s arrest at CVS came just over a week before oral arguments were scheduled to start.
“There was an element of me that was angry at him,” Deskovic recalls. But he knew Lopez was driven by fear. Both men had seen people sent back to prison because prosecutors did not want to admit to a wrongful conviction. For Lopez, the dread was too much to handle. “He said, look, Jeff, If I’m gonna go back, why wait? Let me get used to it.” His original sentence had been 25-years-to life; he thought he would have a shot at getting out on parole. However irrational it seemed, for Lopez, it felt like a way to control his own destiny.
Lopez didn’t go to jail for his shoplifting. He was later cleared by newly elected Brooklyn DA Kenneth Thompson, who ran on a campaign to clean up the mess that Hynes had created. Sadly, just a couple months after his name had finally been cleared, Lopez died from an asthma attack.
Segura then explores the friendship between Lopez and Deskovic, who bonded over an experience that few others could possibly imagine. Lopez’s death left Deskovic confused and despondent.
To Deskovic, this reality is far more cruel than what the headlines claimed. Had Lopez become financially stable more quickly, maybe he would have been less burdened. Maybe he would still be alive. “Why does it need to be this long drawn out process? It doesn’t seem fair or just to me,” he says. “It typically takes less than a year to wrongfully convict people. Why does it take so much longer to compensate them? Is it because the defendant in one case is a regular person and in the other defendant is the state?”
Lopez’s situation isn’t unique. At a time when these people need not only compensation, but mental health treatment, housing assistance, life training, and medical care, too often the state instead is fighting with them in court, attempting to shield itself from any liability for their incarceration.
Segura also looks at how prison accelerates the aging process, a problem that also probably hits the innocent quite a bit harder. A few years ago  I interviewed Richard Paey , a paraplegic who served time in a Florida prison after he was caught with a quantity of  pain medication forbidden by Florida law. Paey was on the medication to treat his multiple sclerosis and the lingering effects of a car accident and subsequent botched back surgery. He was later pardoned by Florida Gov. Charlie Crist. Paey told me some terrible stories about prison, but one story was particularly haunting:
I didn’t do very well in prison. Fortunately, one of the prison doctors was very kind to me. He said he saw in me what he called “the consciousness of innocence.” It’s very dangerous. He said if you bring it into prison with you, you will have the most horrifying experience that a human being can possibly have. You won’t survive. You have to acclimate and accept your situation and not resist. You can’t keep holding on to your innocence. You have to let go of it and start acclimating.
But I wasn’t doing that. Apparently, he’d see this “consciousness of innocence” every now and then in a prison patient—people who clung to the idea that they were innocent, and might eventually get out. He said it will do more damage to you than any disease.
We owe these people more. Read Segura’s entire article here .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Whats so funny Depends on your age.By Elahe Izadi October 9 Follow @ElaheIzadi
If you're looking for a joke grandma will like, stay away from the mean material.
Older adults disapprove of the kind of "aggressive" humor that comes at the expense of others, according to a new study  published in the journal Psychology and Aging .
Researchers showed clips to young, middle-aged and older adults from television shows including "The Golden Girls," "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and "The Office." They found a generational gap on jokes that were deemed aggressive.
Jokes like ... this one:
Younger adults (17-to-21-year-olds) were more likely than middle-aged adults (35 to 56) and older adults (64 to 84) to endorse "aggressive" and self-defeating humor, which are showcased quite nicely by Larry David in these two "Curb Your Enthusiasm" clips. (Warning: They contain some NSFW language.)
Researchers showed 14 clips to the 84 adults, who were then asked to rate the social appropriateness of the behavior in each clip. They were also asked whether they thought each clip was funny. Researchers also monitored their facial movements.
Old and young adults alike correctly identified "inappropriate" behavior -- generally, behavior that's socially unacceptable, shown in all of the clips mentioned here. But there was a difference as to what kinds of humor participants in the research project liked.
Older adults tended not to find aggressive jokes as funny, leading researchers to believe that they aren't into humor that comes at the expense of others.
Jennifer Tehan Stanley, assistant professor at the University of Akron and the study's lead author, said humor preferences may reflect coping mechanisms that older adults need to face the challenges that come with aging, such as loss.
"It’s important to consider, when you see age differences, not to always go to a deficit model and try to consider that everyone’s approach to life and humor may be facilitating whatever their goals are for that particular life stage,” Stanley said. “It’s about what works for you and what helps you to function in your social and emotional domain.”
The biggest gap between generations came when researchers showed them this clip from "The Office," in which boss Michael Scott insults one of his employees and then tries to backtrack:
"If you were to want to improve communication between generations, you should take these types of differences into consideration," Stanley said.
The next level of study would be to track whether humor preferences change for individuals over time, she said. Will those young adults change their tastes as they age, or do preferences reflect specific, generational tastes? Will younger adults continue to enjoy this "Golden Girls" clip showcasing "aggressive" humor?
In the meantime, if you're looking for a show that everyone can enjoy, aim for ones that showcase "affiliative" humor: inside jokes that improve relationships with others -- laughing-with-not-at-jokes. The older age groups endorsed that kind of humor more than the younger ones did, but as a whole, all age groups rated it higher than aggressive humor.
Sorry, Larry David.

Has Asean opened the floodgates to IndiansHas Asean opened the floodgates to Indians
HC imposes costs of Rs 15 000 each on CEO  Dist Edn OfficerHC imposes costs of Rs 15 000 each on CEO  Dist Edn Officer
Maharashtra polls: BJP pulls advertisements that triggered jokes on social media2
0
Mumbai: The BJP has withdrawn a series of advertisements rhetorically asking "Kuthe neun thevlay Maharashtra maajha? (Where have you taken my Maharashtra?)" that attracted severe criticism from various quarters.
"The ads have been dropped, but that is a scheduled action and has nothing to do with criticism or ridicule they attracted," Maharashtra state BJP spokesperson Keshav Upadhye said on Thursday.
"The advertisements highlight misdeeds of the corrupt Congress-NCP regime in Maharashtra during the last 15 years. The next phase of our advertisements will be about a positive side, depicting what the BJP intends to do after coming to power in Maharashtra," Upadhye said.
"The ads have been dropped, but that is a scheduled action and has nothing to do with criticism or ridicule they attracted," the Maharashtra state BJP spokesperson said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #congress #shiv sena
The BJP advertisements had attracted a wave of responses, ranging from poems to jokes to photographs, and are a rage on social media. Around two weeks ago, television and radio advertisements were released by the BJP, with actors portraying people from various areas in Maharashtra voicing grievances about the state of roads and water supply.
After the campaign began, jokes began circulating on WhatsApp and Twitter. A WhatsApp message in Marathi which did the rounds this week, when translated, says, "Do not stand in Gujarat and ask where Maharashtra is. Stand on the Sahyadri mountains and then you will see it. Do not eat dhoklas (Gujarati delicacy) and ask where Maharashtra is."
A few active members on social media circulated a map of India, highlighting Maharashtra in red colour, with a red caption which says, "Ithey thevlay Maharashtra maajha. Parat vicharu nako (This is where Maharashtra is. Don't ask again.)"
0

Electoral Trusts: BJP gets over Rs 41 crore  Congress 36 crore6
0
New Delhi: BJP and Congress are the major beneficiaries of political donations in the last fiscal at over Rs 41 crore and more than Rs 36 crore respectively, according to a report of an Electoral Trust registered with the Election Commission (EC).
This is the first report of political donations, made to various parties, which has been furnished to the EC by Delhi based Satya Electoral Trust which said it has received a total of Rs 854,060,000 from various donors during the 2013-14 financial year.
The trust is one of the seven Electoral Trusts identified by the EC and registered with the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) for tax exemption purposes.
These trusts are registered as non-profit ventures under Section 8 of the Companies Act.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #congress #donation
The scheme and guidelines for having and operationalising these trusts was notified by the EC in June this year in order to check the use of black money in the electoral process.
The report filed by the trust said while it donated a total of Rs 413,720,000 to BJP, it deposited a total of Rs 365,000,000 in the account of the Indian National Congress party (including MP and Rajasthan state units).
The other parties who benefited from the trust's donations include Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) Rs 2 crore, RJD Rs 1 crore, NCP Rs 4 crore while Jammu and Kashmir National Conference was donated Rs 50 lakh by the trust.
Among the major donors of the trust are Bharti Airtel Limited (over Rs 28 crore), Jubilant Foodworks Ltd (Rs 2.5 crore), Jubilant Life Sciences Ltd (Rs 3.88 crore), Bharti Infratel Ltd (over Rs 6 crore), Interglobe Aviation Ltd (over Rs 4 crore), DCM Shriram Limited (Rs 2 crore), Chambal Fertiliser and Chemicals Ltd (over Rs 2 crore).
The other donors to the said trust include Hero Motorcorp Ltd (over Rs 11 crore), DLF Limited (over Rs 20 crore) and a Delhi based individual identified as Akhil Gupta (Rs 2 crore).
The EC had issued a set of five guidelines in this regard earlier, stating there was a "legal vacuum" in respect of disclosure of contribution reports by the electoral trusts to it and the Income Tax department.
These trusts are registered as non-profit ventures under Section 8 of the Companies Act.
3

Delhi: AAP MLA held for protesting demolition drive10
0
New Delhi: AAP's Delhi Cantonment MLA Surender Singh was on Thursday detained by the police while protesting a demolition drive by Cantonment Board. According to Singh, the authorities were undertaking a demolition drive in the noon without giving prior notice.
"They were trying to seal houses in the Delhi Cantt areas under the guise of cleanliness drive. They were given no notice before the demolition of few houses. These people have been residing in the area for the last many decades.
"In fact, there are five villages in the area and the market place was set up to cater the cantonment area," Singh, who was released later, said.
According to the MLA, the authorities were undertaking a demolition drive in the noon without giving prior notice.

Sunanda Pushkar died due to poisoning  doctors say in fresh reportOct 09, 2014 at 11:01pm IST
Sunanda Pushkar died due to poisoning, doctors say in fresh report
137
0
New Delhi: A team of AIIMS doctors has submitted a fresh report to police on the mysterious death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of former Union minister Shashi Tharoor, maintaining that she died of poisoning.
The new report by the three-member panel of doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on her, was prepared on the basis of the findings of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Sunanda's viscera, sources said.
They said that the team had again concluded like it did in its first report that her kidney, liver and heart were functioning normally and that her death was caused by poisoning.
A team of AIIMS doctors have submitted a fresh report to police on the death of Sunanda Pushkar, maintaining that she died of poisoning.
#sunanda pushkar #poisoning #doctors #aiims
The new report was submitted to police nine days ago.
The viscera report of CFSL in March had hinted at drug poisoning but police considered it as inconclusive. It then asked AIIMS to re-examine the report and give its findings.
The three-member team has now submitted the "Subsequent Medical Board Opinion" to the police on September 30.
Sunanda was found dead in a 5-star hotel in South Delhi on the night of January 17, a day after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with Tharoor.
The probe into the case was handed over to the Crime Branch on January 23. However, the case was transferred back to the South District police two days later on January 25.
242

Ahmedabad to get India s first intelligent traffic systemOct 09, 2014 at 10:55pm IST
Ahmedabad to get India's first intelligent traffic system
55
0
Ahmedabad: With the launch of a pilot project to alert commuters about the traffic situation, Ahmedabad became the first Indian city to get an Intelligent Traffic System (ITS).
The pilot project was launched by Japanese firm Zero Sum Ltd in association with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on a 10-km stretch on the 132-feet ring road.
"This pilot project has been funded by the Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA), which gave USD 1 million to Zero Sum Ltd to implement this project here, said Zero Sum Ltd's President Chikara Kikuchi.
With the launch of a project to alert commuters about the traffic situation, Ahmedabad became the first Indian city to get an Intelligent Traffic System.
#intelligent traffic system #ahmedabad #narendra modi #india
"We never took any money from the AMC, as the pilot project is funded by JICA. With revenue from advertisements running on sign boards, this would be a self-sustainable model," Kikuchi said.
"When Modi toured Japan as Gujarat CM, he met JICA representatives and asked them to come up with such a project in Gujarat. After successful completion of the pilot run here, we plan to launch such project in other cities of Gujarat, such as Surat, Rajkot and Vadodara," Kikuchi told reporters at a press meet.
Giving details about the project, Zero Sum Wireless Solutions India Pvt Ltd Director B Mallesh said that four LED-based boards would provide real-time information about the traffic situation to commuters on that route.
"We have installed 14-camera based sensors and four LED-based Variable Message Sign (VMS) boards on regular intervals on that stretch, starting from APMC market till IIM crossroads," Mallesh said.
Based on information gathered by these sensors, these boards would flash information about the traffic situation ahead of the route, to help commuters take decisions, he said.
"The data gathered by sensors will be processed and displayed on these boards in real-time. We will flash Gujarati as well as English language messages," he said.
The pilot project would run until March end, after which, the AMC would decide to initiate intelligent traffic system projects across the city, he said.
1846

Geithner pressed on AIGs bailout termsBernanke defends AIG bailout in court
By Robin Harding and Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118f0ea6-4fd4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jaitley warns Pakistan  Modi praises troops as ceasefire violations continuesPrint
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley delivering a statement before the media on the border situation of Jammu & Kashmir, in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Atikh Rashid , Pranav Kulkarni , Shubhangi Khapre | Baramati/new Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:11 pm
Taking a tough line over ceasefire violations in Jammu and Kashmir, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday warned Pakistan that it would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost if it continued with its “adventurism” . He ruled out talks with Pakistan and praised Indian forces for a “commendable ” job in the “face of these unprovoked acts of aggression”.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had said a day earlier that “everything will be fine soon” on the border, joined Jaitley in congratulating Indian forces for “responding to aggression with courage”.
“Our jawans have given a fitting response to the aggression. I don’t need to talk, people know my intentions. My jawans are doing all the talking with their fingers always on the trigger. The enemy has got to know that things have changed now, that their old habits can’t continue,” he said.
A Reuters report from Islamabad quoted the Pakistan government as saying it was capable of responding “befittingly” to Indian actions. “We do not want the situation on the borders of two nuclear neighbours to escalate into confrontation,” the Pakistan Defence Ministry said in a statement. “India must demonstrate caution and behave with responsibility.”
Speaking at an election rally in Baramati, the home turf of NCP leader Sharad Pawar in Maharashtra, Modi criticised those targeting the government on the border issue, saying this would demoralise those fighting on the border.
“Such an issue should not be part of a political debate… Elections will come and go, governments will come and go, but please don’t demoralise those fighting on the border by debating these things for political gains.”
”I am shocked to hear from Sharadrao (Pawar) that while bullets are being fired by Pakistan on the border and innocent lives are being taken, I am busy campaigning for assembly polls. What can be more inspiring than being in the land of Shivaji Maharaj at such an hour. I want to ask him, when you were defence minister, there were several instances of aggression from China and Pakistan. Did you visit the border then?”
“When the Mumbai attacks happened, BJP was in opposition but never politicised the issue. We supported the government by treating it as an attack on the nation,” Modi said.
In New Delhi, addressing a press conference, Jaitley said: “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. But at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory. Our armed forces, particularly the Army and BSF in this case, have only one option — to respond adequately and defend our territory and our people.”
“Pakistan in this continued…

Australian couple abandoned surrogate baby in India over gender  says courtPrint
Express News Service | Melbourne | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:27 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:28 pm
An Australian judge on Thursday said a couple from Australia rejected a child born to an Indian surrogate mother because of the baby’s gender and took home only its twin sibling. The case dates back to 2012 and surfaced during a joint probe in Australia by ABC and Foreign Correspondent.
Australian family judge Diana Bryant said she was told by the Australian high commission in New Delhi that the couple’s decision to leave the baby was “based on its gender”. Sources at the Australian high commission here told The Indian Express that the couple took the girl child and left the boy behind as the couple already has a son.
The judge said the high commission delayed giving the parents an Australian visa for the child they wanted in an attempt to persuade them to take both the babies. This act, Bryant said, was in “no way inappropriate”.
“In fact, they were doing their best to deal with a significant moral dilemma — there simply was no legal authority requiring the commissioning couple to take both children,” she said.
The judge has also stated that the couple’s “friend” sought the custody of the sibling but that the Australian  mission officials doubted the person was a friend and suspected “oney had changed hands”.
Later in the day, in an official statement, Australia’s department of foreign affairs and trade said the high commission’s role had been limited to assessing the parents’ application for citizenship and a passport for the chosen twin. “The parents in this case decided to apply for citizenship for only one of the twins… (we) had no grounds to refuse the citizenship application and a passport for the one twin for whom application was made as the child met the criteria for citizenship and an Australian passport.
“As the parents decided to apply for citizenship for only one child and consequently the other child was not granted Australian citizenship, India became responsible for the welfare of the other child and adoption arrangements became a matter for its legal system,’’ the department said in the statement.

Wall Street down one percent on global growth concernsS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Sensex rallies 1.5% on softer Fed toneSensex rallies 1.5% on softer Fed tone
Benefits  not just paychecks  have fallen on hard times0
Companies are still providing the benefits most employees assume are part of the workplace, although some of the benefits are less extensive than they once were. About 95 percent of the employers surveyed offer prescription coverage and dental insurance. About 87 percent provide mental health coverage. Yet, while 83 percent offer vision insurance and chiropractic coverage, the survey found that roughly 1 percent of employers are planning cutbacks in those benefits over the next 12 months.
Some new health benefits have been added over the past five years, such as bariatric coverage for weight loss, mental health care and contraception. But costly additions are less likely than cuts.
The median cost for employee-only coverage for companies large and small was $5,838, and the human resources professionals are expecting a 6 to 10 percent increase in health care costs this year.
There has been a 12 percentage-point increase in the last year of companies offering health savings accounts, in which employees can stash away pay from every paycheck so they have savings to cover medical costs that aren't covered by benefits.
The rising cost of benefits, particularly health insurance, has "made it more challenging for employers to continue to offer them," SHRM said in a report on the survey.
In addition, in a challenging global economy since 2008, companies have been keeping profits up by reducing costs.
The Society for Human Resource Management noted that companies may be shortsighted by cutting back on educational assistance to employees.
Many companies have complained that they have been unable to find people with the backgrounds needed to fill jobs. In the past, they might have provided training or helped pay for outside classes.
Yet the SHRM report noted: "Virtually all professional and career development benefits tracked in the survey declined between 2010 and 2014 or within the last year. So although many organizations are apprehensive about future skills shortages, this concern has not yet translated into greater investment in benefits related to employee professional and career development."
Besides apparent inattention to internal educational needs, the survey also reflects less attention to a growing long-term national need. Most employees with pensions must save on their own through 401(k)-type plans at work. And studies suggest a national retirement crisis is brewing because most people save too little, invest poorly and retire too early. Yet, the SHRM survey showed companies cutting back on the advice they've been offering employees with 401(k) plans.
Last year, 59 percent of employers were offering online investing advice, and 53 percent offered one-on-one advice from a person. This year, only 50 percent were helping employees with investing online, and the personal touch had been sharply cut back. Only 41 percent of employers were offering it.
Companies adding benefits tended to be offering those that didn't involve upfront expenditures, such as flexible work hours, casual dress at work and telecommuting.

Global Economy Worries Sink Stocks; Dow Drops 273global economy worries sink stocks; dow drops 273
Ebola Epidemic Could Cost Africa More Than $30Bebola epidemic could cost africa more than $30b
Social... Is It Just Trendingreddit
As the CEO of Spredfast , the largest independent social marketing platform, I am often asked - "Is Social Just A Trend"?  It's been almost ten years since the launch of Twitter, but this remains a fair inquiry to make.  What was once seen as innovative and revolutionary must now strive to prove its worth or step aside for the next big thing in a technology space that continues to expand and create.  When I hear this question, I'm reminded of Geoffrey Moore's book, Crossing the Chasm. As Moore explains, the most difficult step for any trend is to branch out from the intrigued group of early adopters to the pragmatics.  As such, it does beg the question if social, can, in fact, make the leap from the initial visionaries to the long term investors who see its usefulness and trust in its role to help lead their business practiced?  I would venture to say yes, and luckily for my bottom line, 78% of C-Level executives agree .
As seen in Forrester's "The 2014 State of Enterprise Social Marketing Report ," social is moving up on the corporate agenda. This study examines the growing responsibility of social marketing - citing that 67% of enterprise companies now integrate social with broader (non-social) marketing efforts. After over a decade of livelihood, it's safe to say that social is no longer just a trend. However, the role of social in organization's business plans is now beginning to change drastically.
Center of Excellence
For years, companies have had small digital teams focused on social day in and day out.  These social evangelists live and breathe social - they are, what we call,  the center of excellence.  This year we see that the majority of organizations (69%) report that they're planning to increase their social marketing staff in 2015, with 33% planning to increase by at least 10%.  But is it enough?
In order to cross the chasm, companies must leverage this group cross functionally, to educate other teams on social's role in meeting overall business objectives.  As social continues to be tested, it's the center of excellence that will be tasked with defining practices for measuring success.
C-Level Buy-in is Key
In order to operationalize social, to take it beyond the walls of the center of excellence, senior-level buy-in is key.  The center of excellence is essential to enterprise-wide education, while C-Level buy-in underscores the high-level value.
There are many roles within an organization that need to have a line of communication with consumers; more people that need to pick-up the phone for consumers than just the social media manager.  Operationalizing social gives the organization more external touchpoints.
While virtually all companies surveyed in the Forrester Report reported that marketing is the primary business function associated with social programs, this year, 67% of enterprise companies have also said they're integrating social with broader marketing efforts.  We're seeing Marketing, PR, Legal, HR and IT having a hand in an organization's social media voice and strategy.  With time, training, and education on how social impacts day-to-day business operations, social will soon start to align with business goals outside the focus of just the center of excellence.
As more teams across the enterprise understand social's abilities, the value continues to grow.
Moving The Needle
Social has been a priority for the center of excellence and it's time for it to trickle down. Now that social has C-level buy in, it can become ingrained across the company. All of these various departments - ranging from HR to legal, IT to PR - are all in a position to benefit from utilizing their social touchpoints as part of their roles. They just need a nudge from the senior leaders and a helping hand from the social experts to make the move.
Employees who know the company and customer service procedures are in the best position to take advantage of social because they know their audience better than anyone else. When the center of excellence has C-level support to operationalize social, a new layer of targeting and monetization takes effect. Suddenly everyone can share more benchmarks: consumer engagement and reach metrics, industry trends, praise/complaints and even top weekly posts. As a result, social continues to move from being viewed as a passing trend, and instead is establishing a place in businesses as a much needed tool for company success.
Follow Rod Favaron on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rodfav
More:

Rupee firms up by 35 paise to 61.05 against US dollarRupee firms up by 35 paise to 61.05 against US dollar
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 11:21 AM IST
The rupee firmed up further from initial gains against the US greenback, gaining 35 paise to 61.05 per dollar today on persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex).
It gained further to 61.04 and was quoting at 61.05 per dollar at 1030 hours.
The domestic unit moved in a range of 61.14 and 61.04 per dollar during the late morning deals.
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex was trading higher by 309.86 points, or 1.18%, to 26,556.65 at 1030 hours.

Cristiano Ronaldo will retire at Real MadridManchester United will not be willing to meet Real Madrid's price and the player's …
Cristiano Ronaldo to retire at Real Madrid?
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo’s agent Jorge Mendes has revealed that the star forward will not move to Manchester United and will retire at Madrid instead.
Mendes did admit that Ronaldo does hold the Red Devils close to his heart but that a move back to the Premier League was unlikely.
The Portuguese football agent has already overseen moves for two of his other clients to Manchester United this summer – Angel Di Maria on a permanent deal worth £59.7m and Radamel Falcao on a loan deal worth £6m.
But on the subject of Ronaldo, he said that United do not have any hopes of re-signing their ex-player.
Impossible to get Ronaldo to leave Madrid: Mendes
In an interview on a Spanish TV show called Elpartidodelas12, Mendes said: “Cristiano holds United dear to his heart because he was there six years.
“But now he just thinks of the Real Madrid and he will always be there, and he is thrilled.
“People know that it is impossible to get Cristiano Ronaldo to leave Real Madrid.”
Ronaldo would cost Manchester United a total of £140m
According to reports, Manchester United were told a price in case they wanted to get Ronaldo back to Old Trafford.
The transfer fee itself would be £60m. Including Ronaldo’s wage demands of £20m a year and a four year contract that he would want, it would cost the club another £80m; bringing the total to £140m for four years.
Sources at the club divulged that this would be a stumbling block in bringing Ronaldo back to United as he would be past the age of 30, and that a four year contract would not be possible.
Ronaldo will retire at Real Madrid: Mendes
His agent continued to talk about Ronaldo, saying: “Ronaldo is the best player ever. He keeps improving and while he has affection towards Manchester United, he wants to stay at Real Madrid.”
“He is happy there, he has a great relationship with the president, and has a long contract: he will retire at Real Madrid,” he added.
“There won't be any player as good as him for the next 500 years.”
Mendes also spoke about Ronaldo’s next goal – to win another Champions League title.
“His dream is to win another Champions League title. He is never satisfied, he always wants more.
“It is impossible to find someone like him in the history of sport.”
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here
Recommend

Ebola could cost $32B  World Bank saysTweet
So far, the Ebola virus has affected as many as tens of thousands of people, mostly in Africa. Several thousands have died. But there are continual warnings that the spread could create a plague, with cases moving into the hundreds of thousands, not just in Africa, but around the globe. The World Bank has put out an estimate of what a wide outbreak of Ebola could cost — $32 billion.
According to World Bank experts :
With the latest death toll from Ebola now at 3,439 in the three worst-affected countries of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, a new economic impact assessment from the World Bank Group says that if the epidemic was to significantly infect people in neighboring countries, some of which have much larger economies, the two-year regional financial impact could reach US$32.6 billion by the end of 2015.
One of the cautions of the estimate is obviously that the spread of the disease will not come to an end for months.
Most of the cost will apparently be borne by the three nations where the virus is most prevalent, each of them hopelessly poor and without the resources to battle the disease:
The new World Bank Group report notes, “as it is far from certain that the epidemic will be fully contained by December 2014 and in light of the considerable uncertainty about its future trajectory, two alternative scenarios are used to estimate the medium-term (2015) impact of the epidemic, extending to the end of calendar year 2015.” A “Low Ebola” scenario corresponds to rapid containment within the three most severely affected countries, while “High Ebola” corresponds to slower containment in the three countries, with broader regional contagion.
According to the World Bank Group’s new analysis, the economic impacts of Ebola are already very serious in the core three countries — particularly Liberia and Sierra Leone — and could become catastrophic under a slow-containment, High Ebola scenario. In broader regional terms, the economic impact could be limited if immediate national and international action stop the epidemic and alleviate the “aversion behavior” or fear factor that is causing neighboring countries to close their borders, and airlines and other regional and international companies to suspend their commercial activities in the three worst-affected countries. The successful containment of Ebola in Nigeria and Senegal so far is evidence that this is possible, given some existing health system capacity and a resolute policy response.
What the report says little about is what happens if the disease spreads well beyond the region and infection rates become much broader in areas like the United States and Europe.

IFCI offloads 3 hospitality loans to ARCsIFCI offloads 3 hospitality loans to ARCs
Abhijit Lele | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 12:34 AM IST
To improve its asset profile,  the Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) has sold three stressed loans, including that to DB Hospitality (Rs 180 crore outstanding), to asset reconstruction companies (ARCs).
A senior IFCI executive said the non-performing loan to DB Hospitality (now Marine Drive Hospitality and Realty Ltd) for a hotel project on Charni Road here had been bought by Edelweiss ARC. He did not specify the terms of the transaction. Another loan, to Sima Hotels and Resorts (Rs 69-crore outstanding) was bought by Alchemist ARC. The loan to Karnal Haveli was sold to Asset Care Reconstruction Enterprise (ACRE). IFCI holds 19.34 per cent stake in Delhi-based ACRE. In a report, rating agency Icra had said selling a few stressed assets to ARCs, as well as a better credit profile of incremental originations, could reduce pressure on IFCI’s asset quality.  The IFCI management was making efforts to sell or divest some of its non-core assets, which could provide a cushion against higher credit provision/write-off of non-performing assets, Icra said. Through FY13, IFCI had reduced loan growth due to a difficult operating environment. However, loan sanctions increased from Rs 2,192 crore in FY13 to Rs 9,717 crore in FY14, while disbursements improved from Rs 1,504 crore to Rs 8,683 crore.
As of March 31 this year, the company’s overall assets stood at Rs 19,255.35 crore. Of this, exposure to the power generation segment was 16.99 per cent, real estate 12.69 per cent and diversified infrastructure 9.15 per cent.
Gross NPA fell from 22.2 per cent in FY13 to 17.30 per cent in FY14. For quarter ended June this year, these stood at 15.63 per cent.

Market moves: Yep  it s  Rock-tober   alrightOct. 8
+274.83
What you will notice is that the Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points four of the six trading sessions this month. That by definition is a volatile market.
In early trading, the Dow’s yo-yo-like price action is again on display. The Dow is down more than 160 points, or 0.9%, to 16,831, following its best point gain of the year (+275 points) yesterday, which erased Tuesday’s 273-point decline.
At least one Wall Street seer blames the volatility on the uncertainty surrounding the Federal Reserve’s timetable for raising interest rates next year. That same market strategist also expects the wild price swings to continue.
“We continue to believe that the shift in U.S. central bank policy – from certainty to uncertainty – is at the center of this storm impacting equity markets as of late,” says Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “While the strong reversal in stocks yesterday may offer a welcome ‘all clear’ technical signal for the short run, we continue to believe it is likely to be a rocky path to progress for equities this autumn. Thus, until the path to normalization becomes clear, stocks may continue to trade in a relatively volatile pattern.”

Jayalalithaa moves Supreme Court for bail; cites ill healthJayalalithaa moves SC for bail on medical grounds
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 18:14 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:08 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday moved the Supreme Court for bail on medical grounds saying her health condition did not permit her to remain in jail for long.
The Karnataka high court had on October 7 declined bail to AIADMK supremo who is facing a four-year jail term in a corruption case. She has sought an urgent hearing before the SC and her bail plea is likely to be mentioned on Friday.
Sources said a battery of senior advocates including Harish Salve and KK Venugopal may appear for her before the top court. Her counsel before the HC, senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani would continue to represent her.  
Jayalalithaa (66) is in jail for 12 days. She had said as chief minister she did not misuse her powers in this case. The former CM also cited grounds of being senior citizen and a woman for getting out of jail.
She has sought bail on grounds of parity too, citing the SC order granting bail to former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad.
Furthermore, Jayalalitha said she cannot be kept in jail indefinitely as her appeal proceedings in the HC would take a long time.
She denied misusing her powers as the Chief Minister and found fault with the trial court conviction order saying it had ignored the true facts of the case. Besides punishment, she was also slapped a fine of Rs. 100 crore on the AIADMK chief and Rs. 10 crore fine each on the three other accused.
Jayalalitha was convicted of using the first of her three terms as Tamil Nadu CM to accumulate wealth. Her arrest had provoked AIADMK supporters who went into mass mourning and resorted to violent street demonstrations.
Her successor, TN CM O Panneerselvam urged the people to maintain calm. “The best way to show your love for Jayalalithaa is to stay calm,” said Panneerselvam.
The HC sentence forced Jayalalitha to step down as chief minister. This in due to a landmark SC ruling that ousts convicted law-makers from office.

Feds Hacked Silk Road Without a Warrant. Was That LegalRoss Ulbricht is counting on Fourth Amendment protection.
Photo courtesy Ulbricht family/Wired
This  article  originally appeared in  Wired .
With only a month until the scheduled trial of Ross Ulbricht, the alleged creator of the drug site Silk Road, Ulbricht’s defense lawyers have zeroed in on the  argument that the U.S. government illegally hacked the billion-dollar black market site to expose the location of its hidden server. The prosecution’s latest rebuttal to that argument takes an unexpected tack: Prosecutors claim that even if the FBI did hack Silk Road without a warrant—and prosecutors are careful not to admit they did—that intrusion would be a perfectly law-abiding act of criminal investigation.
On Monday the prosecutors submitted the latest in a series of combative court filings from the two sides of the Silk Road case that have clashed over Ulbricht’s Fourth Amendment right to privacy. The government’s new argument responds to an affidavit from an expert witness, tech lawyer Joshua Horowitz, brought in by Ulbricht’s defense to poke holes in the FBI’s story of how it located the Silk Road server. In a letter filed last week, Horowitz called out inconsistencies in the  FBI’s account of stumbling across the Silk Road’s IP address  while innocently entering “miscellaneous data” into its login page. He testified that the FBI’s actions instead sounded more like common hacker intrusion techniques. Ulbricht’s defense has called for an evidentiary hearing to cross-examine the FBI about the operation.
Advertisement
In the government’s rebuttal, however, Ulbricht’s prosecutors don’t directly contest Horowitz’s description of the FBI’s investigation, though they do criticize his testimony in passing as “factually and analytically flawed in a number of respects.” Instead, they obliquely argue that the foreign location of the site’s server and its reputation as a criminal haven mean that Ulbricht’s Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches don’t apply, even if the FBI did use hacking techniques to penetrate Silk Road, and did so without a warrant.
“Even if the FBI had somehow ‘hacked’ into the [Silk Road] Server in order to identify its IP address, such an investigative measure would not have run afoul of the Fourth Amendment,” the prosecutors’ new memo reads. “Given that the SR Server was hosting a blatantly criminal website, it would have been reasonable for the FBI to ‘hack’ into it in order to search it, as any such ‘hack’ would simply have constituted a search of foreign property known to contain criminal evidence, for which a warrant was not necessary.”
The Silk Road server in question, after all, was located not in the United States but in a data center near Reykjavik, Iceland. And though Ulbricht is an American citizen, the prosecutors argue that the server’s location abroad made it fair game for remote intrusion. “Because the SR Server was located outside the United States, the Fourth Amendment would not have required a warrant to search the server, whether for its IP address or otherwise,” the prosecution’s filing reads.
In a footnote, the memo adds another strike against Ulbricht’s Fourth Amendment protections: Silk Road was not only hosted in a foreign data center, but also rented from a third-party Web-hosting service. And because Ulbricht allegedly violated the company’s terms of service by using its computers to deal in narcotics and other contraband, that company was exempted from any obligation to protect his privacy.
“Given that the Server was hosting a criminal website, it would have been reasonable for the FBI to ‘hack’ into it.”
Prosecutors’ Memo
Finally, prosecutors argue that for the 30-year-old Texan to claim privacy protections for Silk Road’s server, he would have to declare that it belonged to him—a tricky Catch-22. Ulbricht hasn’t claimed personal possession of that computer’s data, as doing so would almost certainly incriminate him. But because he hasn’t, he can’t claim that his privacy was violated when it was searched, according to the prosecutor’s reasoning. “Because Ulbricht has not submitted any affidavit alleging that he had any possessory interest in the SR Server—let alone one that would give him a reasonable expectation of privacy—his motion should be denied,” reads the prosecutors’ filing.
Early Tuesday, Judge Katherine Forrest ordered Ulbricht’s defense to decide within the day whether it would argue that Ulbricht did have an expectation of privacy for the Silk Road server, as well as all his other seized computers and online accounts. She gave him until the end of the day Wednesday to make that argument, and Ulbricht’s defense didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
(Continued from Page 1 )
The pretrial motion over which Ulbricht’s defense lawyers and the prosecution have been sparring for the last two months doesn’t directly seek to have the central narcotics conspiracy and money-laundering charges against Ulbricht dismissed. Instead, his lawyers have sought to prove that the evidence gathered by law enforcement is tainted. If the initial pinpointing of Silk Road’s server was illegal, they argue,  practically all the evidence from the resulting investigation could be rendered inadmissible .
Early last month the government responded to that motion with an affidavit from former FBI agent Christopher Tarbell describing how the Silk Road server was first found. As he  described it , a misconfiguration of the anonymity software Tor allowed the site’s login page to leak its IP address.
But the technical experts in the security and privacy community  immediately expressed deep skepticism of that account . And last week Ulbricht’s defense responded with a list of inconsistencies in Tarbell’s affidavit, as well as new accusations that the FBI had violated the hacking law known as the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, or CFAA. Ulbricht’s attorneys compared the FBI’s actions to those of Andrew “Weev” Auernheimer, who was  convicted in 2012  of conspiracy to violate the CFAA when he and a friend collected more than 100,000 iPad users’ email addresses from an insecure AT&T website.
While the prosecution’s latest filing doesn’t dwell on the facts of Tarbell’s story, it does point out that the CFAA hacking law has an exemption for law enforcement. It also takes issue with the defense’s definition of “hacking.” In the defense’s Auernheimer example, the government argues, the hacker in question “impersonated” AT&T users to gain access to “non-public” information. (Never mind that the email addresses in Auernheimer’s case were visible to anyone who typed a specific URL into his or her browser.) The FBI’s Tarbell, by contrast, only accessed “public” data on Silk Road, the prosecution contends.
“The Tarbell Declaration does not describe any such impersonation of Silk Road users to gain access to their information on the SR Server,” reads the prosecution’s letter. “It describes former Agent Tarbell’s close examination of traffic data received from the Silk Road website when he used a part of it that was fully accessible to the public at large—the login interface—and received error messages that were accessible to any user who entered erroneous login information.”
Regardless of whether the government calls it “hacking” or a mere warrantless “search,” however, prosecutors’ arguments against Ulbricht’s Fourth Amendment protections aren’t particularly convincing, says Jennifer Granick, director of civil liberties at Stanford Law School’s Center for Internet and Society. In the case of the prosecution’s argument that Ulbricht would need to declare his ownership of the Silk Road server to claim any right to the privacy of its data, she points out that Ulbricht could also claim a right to privacy as a mere user of the site.
“He doesn’t have to own the server,” she says. “Even if he’s just communicating on that server, he already has a reasonable expectation of privacy.”
As for the government’s argument that any foreign server containing an American’s data can be searched without a warrant, Granick says that notion remains legally unproven at best. “This is not an obvious or open-shut argument at all. … Overseas searches that target Americans still have to be reasonable,” she argues. “If the target is a U.S. person and it’s a U.S. agent looking for information, the Fourth Amendment still applies.”
Whether Judge Forrest, who’s presiding over Ulbricht’s case, takes a similar view will only become clear in the coming weeks. But Granick contends that the defense has at least shown that it deserves the evidentiary hearing it’s requested, with an opportunity to cross-examine the FBI about its methods. “I don’t think this is a strong legal argument,” she says of the prosecution’s filing. “I do think that the defendant has alleged sufficiently that his communications flowing over this system are protected by the Fourth Amendment, such that the government should have to explain why their investigation didn’t cross that line.”
Read the full filing from the prosecutors below.

Why Indian blank cheque on 1950 treaty hasn t been encashed by NepalWhy Indian blank cheque on 1950 treaty hasn't been encashed by Nepal
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 20:54 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:02 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
During his visit to Nepal in early August, Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave a virtual blank cheque to Nepal to come up with a proposal to revise or replace the 1950 Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the two countries - a long standing demand of Nepal's parties. Over two months later, top Nepal government sources have admitted no movement has taken place on this front due to 'absence of clarity' in Kathmandu itself about what it wants from its relationship with India.
Officially, Nepal has sought more time. Dinesh Bhattarai, PM Koirala's foreign policy advisor, told HT from Kathmandu over the phone, "We have begun a process of internal homework and inter ministerial coordination to come up with a proposal. Relationship with India is of very high priority for us, but there are also other pressing issues at the moment. We are managing it all."
The treaty provides for a special security and economic relationship between the two countries, which has been projected in Nepal as curtailing its sovereignty - this became an emotive political issue. It also provides for reciprocal rights to citizens in each other's countries.
Other Nepal government sources, on the condition of anonymity, are more candid. One top minister belonging to Nepali Congress said, "Frankly, there is no domestic consensus or clarity on what we want from a new treaty. The 1950 framework gives us preferential treatment in India. We can live and work there, millions of our workers benefit from this clause. Nepal cannot afford to lose this advantage." He added that the most important priority for the country was drafting a constitution. "We should leave it to future governments. Our mandate is to finish Nepal's political transition."
SD Muni, JNU professor emeritus and a veteran Nepal expert who has written extensively on the treaty, explains the Nepali ambivalence. "Nepal has already eroded those clauses which could potentially curtail its sovereignty - they buy arms from countries other than India; they have deprived Indians of the same rights in Nepal that Nepalis enjoy in India like ownership of property." But he adds, the clauses which benefit Nepal - like Nepali citizens enjoying preferential treatment in India - are operational. "The treaty does not restrict, but aids Nepal's growth. This is an issue of political rhetoric, regimes don't want it changed."
There has been movement on other bilateral issues after the visit though. An umbrella Power Trade Agreement between the two countries, and a Power Development Agreement allowing GMR to work on the Upper Karnali hydropower project has taken off, generating hopes that Nepal's vast power potential could finally be tapped.

Inside the Eerie Ghost Town Thats on the Auction BlockKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Hawaiian  Delta Lead in on-Time Flight ArrivalsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Ben Bernanke may have a missed connectionOctober 9, 2014
For eight years Ben Bernanke oversaw the U.S. central bank and steered the world’s largest economy.
Nowadays the former Federal Reserve chairman’s calendar fills with things less monumental—but still vexing.
The latest: how to deliver speeches in two cities in as many days, and still make time to testify for the defense in a class-action lawsuit brought by AIG founder and former chief executive Maurice “Hank” Greenberg.
Greenberg is contesting the provisions of the 2008 bailout of the company that Bernanke— using the pseudonym Edward Quince— helped engineer.
At stake was more than the questioning  of Bernanke by David Boies, the superlawyer who represents Greenberg.
The court date threatened to prevent Bernanke from dispensing insights about the global economy for which he charges $200,000 an appearance , roughly the same as his salary at the Fed . The former chairman reportedly charges twice as much if the engagement takes him to Asia.
Bernanke, who owns a townhouse in Washington , was slated to start the week in Chicago, according to court papers filed by the Justice Department with the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, the D.C.-based tribunal that is hearing the lawsuit.
The former Fed chair “should not be required to breach his personal contractual duties to appear for his testimony in this case, or be required to testify in fragmented appearances,” DOJ lawyers told Judge Thomas Wheeler.
According to the lawyers, the plaintiffs’ proposal to call Bernanke as a witness this week meant that Bernanke would have to fly to Washington from Chicago on Tuesday rather than fly to New York, where at 4:30 p.m. Wednesday he was slated to address the World Business Forum at Radio City Music Hall.
Instead, Bernanke would have to appear in court on Wednesday “only to fly immediately to New York in the afternoon.”
That required Bernanke to return to Washington from New York for another morning of testimony on Thursday, before traveling across town to address a gathering of portfolio managers sponsored by Drobny Global Advisors.
Boies opposed the government’s request, telling the court that it would interfere with “an orderly presentation of evidence at trial.”
The government lawyers relented. Bernanke was slated to testify Thursday, following testimony by his erstwhile colleague, former Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.
Share this:

Gujarat may get India s first offshore wind power projectGujarat may get India s first offshore wind power project
Keeping Ebola at bayUpdated: October 9, 2014 01:33 IST
Keeping Ebola at bay
epidemic and plague
Concerns over Ebola have escalated after the United States and Spain reported their first cases of the disease diagnosed within their borders. A traveller from Liberia, a West African nation where the disease is rampant, was found to be harbouring the disease-causing virus several days after arriving in Dallas. In the case of Spain, a hospital nurse involved in the care of a sick priest repatriated from Sierra Leone, another West African nation where the outbreak is continuing, has caught the virus. Given Ebola’s sinister reputation, there have been strident demands in the U.S., including from Congress, for measures to reduce the risk of infection being brought into the country. In response, American officials have said that measures to screen arriving airline passengers would be put in place. (India has already introduced such arrival screening.) As it is, countries where Ebola transmission is ongoing are expected to carry out exit screening of all persons departing from their airports, seaports and major land crossings. Using temperature monitoring systems and a questionnaire, the three West African nations of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, which are the worst-affected, have checked about 36,000 airline passengers in the past two months. Only 74 of them had fever and three displayed other worrisome symptoms, but none of those individuals turned out to have Ebola, say U.S. health officials. It remains to be seen if screening passengers on arrival will actually reduce of risk of the virus getting in. Those infected can take between two and 21 days to show symptoms of the disease, and, as happened with the Liberian who was diagnosed in Dallas, that may not occur before they set out on their journey.
The Obama administration has refused to entertain ideas of blocking the entry of those coming from the affected countries. If the U.S. were to adopt such a seemingly extreme step, other nations would doubtless follow suit. As it is, the outbreak has been a colossal calamity for three of the world’s poorest nations, requiring a massive international response to the resulting humanitarian crisis. Isolating those countries for any extended period will only add to their hardship and hamper the ongoing international efforts to provide assistance. India and other countries untouched by Ebola must, however, be ready with response plans should an infected person turn up on their shores. The ability to quickly diagnose and isolate such cases, ensure rigorous infection control in healthcare settings, and track down and monitor an infected individual’s contacts are essential. Nigeria and Senegal, West African countries that saw imported cases, were able to stop the virus from spiralling out of control. Good planning holds the key to getting the better of Ebola.

Ford shares down day after analysts warns on F-150Ford shares sink on day after analyst report
By: Chris Woodyard October 9, 2014 12:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ford shares fell 2.6% to $13.84 Thursday, a day after an influential analyst predicted that the company’s breakthrough aluminum-bodied F-150 may not be as profitable as predicted in the short run.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas cut his price target on Ford shares to $14, down from $16, even though he acknowledged the new truck is terrific from a product standpoint.
He warned that it may not be as profitable as forecast and its rollout may not go smoothly.
Plus, the company is banking itself on the new truck, the source of about 90% of its profits.
He later added that profitability will also be harmed by the competitive response to the new truck. Jonas noted that Ford officials say its new technology is aimed at winning over buyers from competitive brands, but that it may not surrender so easily.
Contributing: Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press

Astronauts Take Spacewalk SelfiesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Housewife set ablaze suffers around 95 per cent burnsHousewife set ablaze suffers around 95 per cent burns
HC disposes of petition by NLC management on ongoing strikeHC disposes of petition by NLC management on ongoing strike
Pakistan should silence its guns to normalise situation  says Omar AbdullahPrint
The chief minister reached Jammu on Thursday and met shelling affected families in camps.(Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Bishnah (samba) | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:01 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 10:06 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Thursday said the only way for Pakistan to normalise the situation is to silence its guns, while taking a dig at Islamabad for approaching UN Military Observer Group saying complaining to a toothless body will serve no purpose.
“The easiest way, if Pakistan wants to normalise the situation, is to silence its guns. If they stop shelling, I am sure everyone will stop from here. And that will put an end to this,” he said.
“Pakistan is deliberately targeting civilian areas that is evident from the number of the casualties that has occurred on this side,” he said after interacting with shelling-hit people at camps in Bishnah.
The chief minister reached Jammu on Thursday and met shelling affected families in camps. He also took stock of the facilities being provided to them.
“During the ceasefire violation along the border, there have been eight deaths and more than 80 injuries, some of them are critical in hospitals, that shows the extent of shelling and seriousness of the situation.
“On our side, we are trying to minimise the casualties by evacuating the areas along the border and I believe that we have achieved fair deal of success,” he said.
Omar also took a dig at Pakistan for approaching UNMOGIP.
“UNMOGIP, you all know is a toothless organisation. It has never been able to stop any ceasefire violation at LoC or IB”.
Omar said, “In 25 years of militancy including infiltration in Jammu and Kashmir, when has UNMOGIP played any role in this. Kargil war happened under the very nose of UNMOGIP”.
“The matter that Pakistan has gone and made a complaint to this toothless organisation, to my mind, it will serve absolutely no purpose,” Chief Minister said.

White policeman kills black teen in St Louis  triggering fresh protestsWhite policeman kills black teen in St Louis, triggering fresh protests
Reuters
St Louis, Missouri, October 09, 2014
First Published: 21:12 IST(9/10/2014)
print
A white off-duty policeman shot and killed a black teenager in St Louis on Wednesday, officers said, triggering a night of protests just miles from the site of another police shooting of another black youth in the suburb of Ferguson.
Police said the 18-year-old was armed and fired three shots while he was being chased by the officer, and they had recovered a gun at the scene.Protests after off-duty St. Louis Cop kills man
The youth was killed almost two months to the day since sometimes violent protests erupted in Ferguson after a white police officer shot dead unarmed black 18-year-old Michael Brown.   
In Wednesday's shooting, the dead man was one of three people who fled after being approached by the officer, a six-year veteran of the department who was working for a private security company, St Louis metropolitan police chief Sam Dotson said.
The officer, who was wearing his city police uniform, fired 17 shots at the teenager, police added.
A crowd of around 200 gathered at the scene in the south St Louis neighbourhood of Shaw, 11 miles (18 km) south of Ferguson. Many of the protesters marched to a major thoroughfare, partially blocking traffic and chanting "Whose streets? Our streets?" as a police helicopter hovered overhead.
Teyonna Myers, 23, told the St Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper that she was the cousin of the suspect and that he was unarmed when he was killed.
"He had a sandwich in his hand, and they thought it was a gun. It's like Michael Brown all over again," she told the paper. Police have not named the teenager.
'MICHAEL BROWN ALL OVER AGAIN'
At one point, about a dozen people punched and kicked two occupied police vehicles, one that was marked and another that was unmarked. Demonstrators then broke the back window of a marked police vehicle.
None of the protesters, some of whom were from Ferguson, had been arrested by the early hours of Thursday, police chief Dotson told a news conference.
"I think the department showed a tremendous amount of restraint," Dotson said.
The officer, who was not hurt, has been placed on administrative leave and an investigation was under way, police said.
St Louis' historic Shaw district has a relatively low crime rate - as of September, there had been no homicides this year and just five cases of aggravated assault, according to police crime statistics.
In Ferguson, a grand jury is expected to decide next month whether to bring criminal charges against police officer Darren Wilson, who shot dead Michael Brown on August 9.
Brown's death triggered weeks of sometimes violent protests, prompting the governor at one point to summon the National Guard.
Missouri authorities are drawing up contingency plans and seeking intelligence from other police departments around the country, fearing that fresh riots could erupt if a grand jury does not indict Wilson.

Odisha braces for Hudhud though IMD says cyclone likely to miss the stateComments
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh stocked shelters with rations and planned mass evacuations on Thursday as the states stepped up their preparedness for a powerful cyclone that is likely to hit the southeastern coast at the weekend.
Cyclone Hudhud is moving in from the Bay of Bengal and is expected to develop into a severe storm, packing wind speeds of up to 140 kilometres per hour, before hitting the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud.
“We are stocking all the essential commodities,” said Vishakhapatnam district collector N Yuvaraj.
“We are assessing the probable habitations which are to be evacuated. We have also warned fishermen not to venture out to sea, and are sending communication to those already out there to return to the coast.”
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu reviewed preparations with district officials while chief secretary IYR Krishna Rao directed district collectors to evacuate people from low-lying areas.
The weather office suggested suspension of fishing operations as the sea is likely to be rough off the cost of Andhra Pradesh where Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts are likely to bear the brunt of the storm.
Mobile service providers have sent messages to people in Telugu warning them of the cyclone.
The state is also in touch with the army and the air force, while four National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams have been sent to the Andhra coast.
Weather officials said the cyclone could skip Odisha, but the state was not taking chances.
More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready while 10 teams of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight NDRF teams were deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a meeting with senior officials on Thursday to review the preparations.
“I reviewed the contingency plan of important departments like water resources, energy, food and civil supplies and works. Tomorrow, according to routine programme, there will be mock drill in cyclone shelters,” Patnaik said.
Cyclone Phailin struck Odisha last year, causing damage to houses and property but timely evacuation by the government minimised the loss of lives.

http://usat.ly/1tGil0EEMAIL
AP
Billionaire Carl Icahn is claiming Apple (AAPL) is worth more than $200 a share — essentially saying the Wall Street analysts that follow the stock are wrong. They’re saying he’s way off, by $500 billion, to be exact.
It’s important to consider the numbers to see just how far apart Icahn and the analysts covering the stock are. Icahn says Apple is worth double its current price of $100 a share. But Wall Street analysts, on average, have an 18-month price target on the stock of $111.73. Even the most bullish Apple analyst, of which there no shortage, has just an 18-month price target of $140 a share.
The chart below shows that while analysts have gotten more bullish in Apple’s stock — targets are nowhere near Icahn’s call:
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
That’s a huge difference between Icahn’s assessment and the street. At Icahn’s $200 a share price, Apple would be worth $1.2 trillion — a value no company has ever hit before. But at analysts’ price of $111.73 a share, Apple would have a value of just $699 billion.
Icahn’s price target is based on a series of wildly optimistic expectations that don’t match reality, says Jim Kelleher, analyst at Argus Research. “Looks like a stretch,” Kelleher says of Icahn’s price target.
Backing out Icahn’s expectations for Apple shows just how aggressive the $200 a share call is, Kelleher says. To hit $200 a share, Kelleher says Icahn is assuming Apple’s earnings would hit $16.28 a share by fiscal 2016. That’s 96% higher than Wall Street analysts’ forecasts.
Even assuming Apple’s revenue growth of 12% a year, gross margins of 44% in 2016 and net margins of 27% in 2016, that generates earnings per share of $10.17 in fiscal 2016. And even those numbers don’t jive with Apple’s history. The all-time high of Apple’s gross margin was 44% in 2012 and now runs at just 38% to 39%, Kelleher says. And Apple’s net margin peaked at 27% in fiscal 2012 and run now at 22%.
What’s the bottom line: Even if the company posted 12% annual revenue growth for the next three years, the company would still need to boost its margins by 9 percentage points — and even then — would be $3 short of Icahn’s target.
Andy Hargreaves, analyst at Pacific Crest, agrees Icahn’s number is way off. “I think his (Icahn’s) expectations for growth are aggressive.”

US Senator hints at UN help to enforce ceasefirePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:10 am
Expressing serious concern over ceasefire violations along the border between India and Pakistan, a visiting US Senator on Thursday suggested that UN could be a “helpful participant” to resolve the current crisis. Senator Timothy M Kaine, also Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on South and Central Asian Affairs, said, “I think sometimes the UN can be a helpful participant in the discussion to return to ceasefire for example.”
“Right role or necessity of how deep the UN needs to be engaged, I haven’t thought through. But as a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the UN does a good job and in that sense I think their participation should be welcomed,” he said. On Wednesday, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon had asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue.

Hazmat suit maker stock up on Ebola fearsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 9, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock market was tanking again Thursday . But one tiny company was escaping the carnage. And that's an understatement.
Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a maker of hazmat suits with sealed seaming, soared more than 50% due to growing Ebola fears.
The stock is up 160% so far this month. The trading volume has been, to put it mildly, insane. More than 47 million shares exchanged hands Thursday. The average daily volume for the stock over the past three months is just 616,000 shares.
So investors (or more likely traders) thinking about buying now need to be extremely careful.
Troubling fundamentals: Lakeland is not profitable. It lost $384,000 in the second quarter, mostly due to problems with a subsidiary in Brazil. The company's sales were down slightly in the second quarter as well.
No analysts at a major investment bank follow the company, which has a market value of less than $100 million.
Several mutual funds and hedge funds focusing on so-called microcap stocks are invested in Lakeland.
But these institutions -- the so-called smart money on Wall Street -- collectively own less than 30% of Lakeland's stock, according to FactSet Research. Compare that to some of the bigger companies in the market. Institutions own more than half the shares of blue chips like Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), GE ( GE ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM ).
Brian Rafn, director of research with Morgan Dempsey Capital Management, which owns about 355,000 shares of Lakeland, said his firm has been an investor in the stock for about eight years. It makes up about 1% of its portfolio. Rafn said the firm has not increased that percentage during the recent surge -- but it has not been selling any shares either.
Rafn conceded that the stock will be very volatile over the short term. But he likes it because it has a steady core business of supplying protective suits to oil workers and fire departments.
He said the recent spike on Ebola worries makes Lakeland a "Jack Bauer stock," a reference to the terrorist fighting hero on the Fox show "24."
Will Lakeland actually benefit from stronger demand? Still, it's not clear just how much Lakeland will really benefit from increased demand for protective gear. Lakeland said in a mid-September statement that it was increasing manufacturing capacity for its hazmat suits and added that the U.S. State Department put out a bid for 160,000 suits.
Some traders may have misinterpreted that to mean that Lakeland had received an order for 160,000 suits. But that's not what the news release says. And the Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based company has turned down numerous requests from CNN for comment.
A spokesperson for the State Department told CNN that it was aiming to supply 130,000 (not 160,000) sets of hazmat suits and other personal protective equipment (PPE) in the coming weeks. The State Department added that it was getting supplies from "multiple locations around the world, and there are many suppliers."
Lakeland also cited reports that claimed there was a short supply of hazmat suits. The company touted that it had "appropriately qualified and certified suits, ample manufacturing capacity, and numerous distribution points to supply these garments."
But there may no longer be a supply shortage of hazmat suits. A spokesperson for the World Health Organization told CNN earlier this week that it "has purchased additional PPE in the last months and is still doing so in addition to a close monitoring of the supply pipeline with main partners."
Lakeland also faces stiff competition from much larger companies that make protective gear, including DuPont ( DD ), Honeywell ( HON ) and Kimberly-Clark ( KMB ).
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
Investors have been making speculative bets on several smaller drugmakers, most notably Tekmira ( TKMR ) and Chimerix ( CMRX ), that are working on Ebola treatments. But Lakeland may be the riskiest Ebola investment of them all.
CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel contributed to this report.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported the second quarter loss for Lakeland Industries.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 2:32 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/ZuetYHThe stocks dragging the market into quicksand
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 2:23 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
USA TODAY
It’s another ugly day for markets — with stocks down nearly 2%. But the real pain is being centered on a group of stocks that have toppled 15% since the market’s slide began.
The market’s fast eroding quicksand is starting to get slippery — the Standard & Poor’s 500 is down nearly 4% since this year’s Sept. 18 high. But that’s nothing compared to the pain experienced by 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more during that same period, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Stocks including Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , First Solar (FSLR) and Gap (GPS) are down 15% or more since the market’s peak. These stocks are already in a correction and perhaps headed to a full-fledged bear.
It’s turning into a rough period especially for energy stocks. Energy stocks account for 61% of the stocks down 15% or more since the peak.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY via Microsoft Excel
The hardest hit stock is Chesapeake Energy, down 21% since Sept. 18. Falling oil prices and concern about the global economic isn’t bullish for energy:
Another big loser is E-Trade (ETFC) . But that’s to be expected. The online broker is one of the stocks that crashes hard when the market runs into trouble .
Below are the 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more since the market peaked on Sept. 18:
Company

Greenberg on AMZN: Businesses must constantly reinventgreenberg on amzn: businesses must constantly reinvent
Wafer Foundry Market: 15% Growth in 2014  6% in 2015 Forecast for Global and China IndustryHi Guest
Wafer Foundry Market: 15% Growth in 2014, 6% in 2015 Forecast for Global and China Industry
The wafer foundry market experienced a wavy development, jumping by 39.4% in 2010 following a 7.9% decline in 2009. And the growth rate first shrank to 8.7% in 2011, then expanded to 21.7% in 2012, and fell back to 6.8% in 2013. It is projected that ...

Companies garner over Rs 4 500 crore via rights issueCompanies garner over Rs 4 500 crore via rights issue
Mahindra Life launches affordable housing proj in MumbaiMahindra Life launches affordable housing proj in Mumbai
What Yahoo! and Nokia s offshore cutbacks tell us about IndiaWhat Yahoo! and Nokia's offshore cutbacks tell us about India
Bloomberg |  Oct 10, 2014 12:19 AM IST
Yahoo! just made about $9 billion in cash from Alibaba Group's initial public offering, and investors are licking their lips at the thought of how Marissa Mayer might spend it. Snapchat? AOL? Well, here's one area you shouldn't expect her to invest in: offshoring more jobs to India.
The company is cutting about 400 jobs at its office in Bangalore representing more than a third of its workforce there, Bloomberg News reported. Yahoo! says the cuts were due to "some changes in the way we operate in Bangalore" and that it's not giving up on the country. "Yahoo! will continue to have a presence in India, and Bangalore remains an important office," it said in a statement.
The allure of offshoring information-technology jobs to India isn't what it used to be. Just on Tuesday, Nokia said it plans to shut down production at a factory near Chennai on November 1. The plant in the southern city of Sriperumbudur was one of Nokia's largest phone-manufacturing operations. In a statement, the Finnish tech company blamed the closure on an asset freeze imposed by India's tax department.
Nokia's nightmare highlights one big reason some Western tech companies are putting the great Indian offshoring experiment on pause. The country is still grappling with corruption and bureaucracy, which contribute to it being the worst-performing BRICS economy for IT development, according to a 2014 report from the World Economic Forum. That creates roadblocks for foreign businesses and local entrepreneurs, alike.
Narendra Modi, India's charismatic new prime minister, went on a splashy American tour last month, greeted by 20,000 screaming fansat Madison Square Garden. After meeting with President Barack Obama, Modi said the U.S. visit "reinforced my conviction that India and the United States are natural global partners."
But the outlook for Indian offshoring isn't optimistic. The Hackett Group, a U.S. consulting firm, predicted in a 2012 report that this year would be the start of an eight-year death of offshoring to India. Even International Business Machines, a pioneer of large-scale tech offshoring to India, reportedly began making major job cuts in the country this year.
Highly skilled software and hardware engineers shouldn't burn their Indian Institute of Technology degrees yet. According to a report this year from consulting firm Accenture, the domestic IT industry is expected to grow, thanks to government investment and a lifting of some of the regulations that make starting a company there difficult.
For foreign businesses, the Nokia plant serves as an interesting case study in Indian frustration-omics. Nokia had planned to transfer the factory to Microsoft as part of the sale of the mobile phone unit announced last year. A few weeks after the companies agreed on terms,India froze Nokia's assets in the country, saying the company owed Rs 2,080 crore ($333 million) in missing taxes. Nokia agreed to pay $487 million in December to transfer the plant to Microsoft. The next day, an Indian government lawyer said Nokia could face anincreased tax bill of Rs 2,100 crore ($340 million) - almost half of what Microsoft was willing to pay for the entire handset unit.
The disagreements carried on for months until Nokia and Microsoft agreed at the 11th hour to exclude the plant from the deal. After Nokia announced the closure of the factory this week, Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said the government hopes to prevent similar shutdowns from happening in the future.

Don t vent your work hate on anonymous sites5
I reached out to Maren and Jamie Showkeir, co-authors of the book "Authentic Conversations: Moving from Manipulation to Truth and Commitment," and asked for their thoughts on Leak.
"It's a sad commentary that people saw a need for this kind of service in the first place," Maren said. "The only reason to send something like that is to either hurt or get even -- I can't really see any good intention that accompanies sending an anonymous note like that. The feedback you send is going to be lost in the 'who sent it' mystery, and it becomes a huge distraction from what people are there to do."
Jamie agreed: "I think it's a short leap from giving your boss feedback to being able to bully. And that gets you nowhere. Remember why we're here, why we're at work. Once I'm clear about the notion that we're here to serve a greater good, then it becomes important to me to own my point of view and deliver it to you in a way that allows you to hear it."
In other words, be honest. If you have a problem with a co-worker or manager, find the right way to address that problem. (The right way won't have the visceral satisfaction of firing off a snarky email, but it will make things better in the end.)
The Showkeirs offered several suggestions for starting a potentially difficult conversation.
Maren: "If my intention is to solve a problem, then I need to take some time to figure out some very clear, logical, neutral reasons for having the conversation. Once you have the clarified intention and an idea of where you want the conversation to go, it makes it easier to stay on track."
Jamie: "Change the focus of the conversation from, 'Let me tell you what you're doing to screw things up' to 'Let's talk about how the way we work together is creating a problem for the business.' That way there's a mutuality in terms of what you're saying. Here are some things I do that might be difficult for you, and here are some things I see as difficult, and what can we do to fix that."
Owning up to your part in a difficult work relationship is crucial. It keeps the other person from getting defensive.
If the relationship issue is between you and a boss or manager, the conversation can be more intimidating. But again, Maren suggests being open, forthright and willing to admit your shortcomings:
"If it was me I'd say, 'I've really been struggling with some of the aspects of this relationship, and you're my boss so I'm a little uncomfortable saying this, but would you be willing to have this conversation with me?' Keep things neutral and just explain what it is you're seeing, then ask the boss for suggestions."
Both Maren and Jamie said employers should be concerned that websites like Leak are showing up.
"If I was a leader in an organization, I would want to make a conscious effort in my department or business to let people know that if they have a beef, I want to hear it," Jamie said. "That I'm interested in what they have to say and the only way we can resolve these issues is to talk about them. I'd visibly, loudly address these issues as the boss."
That would give people the confidence to speak openly, rather than letting some sneaky website deliver feedback that holds no value at all.
TALK TO REX: Ask workplace questions — anonymously or by name — and share stories with Rex Huppke at ijustworkhere@tribune.com , like Rex on Facebook at facebook.com/rexworkshere and find more at chicagotribune.com/ijustworkhere.

Apple innovation more  and less  than Xerox copies1
The company's famed Palo Alto Research Center, known as PARC in Silicon Valley lore, was established in anticipation of a day when people would look at screens rather than paper and was responsible for some truly remarkable technological breakthroughs. Unfortunately for Xerox, many of those advances and the people responsible for them would prove more valued at Microsoft, IBM, Apple and other companies.
"By 1974, we offered Xerox a real glimpse of the 1980s, and they turned it down," venerated PARC alum Alan Kay told The New York Times in 1984, observing that "PARC had more than 50 of the best people in the world, but Xerox blew it and there aren't many left."
The PARC team developed the Xerox Alto, a forward-thinking 1973 desktop personal computer prototype that the company never took to market. The Alto linked through a network to other personal computers, and what was seen on its screen was precisely what was printed out.
The Times reported software developed at PARC enabled "computer terminal display that provides 'windows' for viewing more than one piece of work on a single screen." (Yes, "windows.")
But what struck 24-year-old Steve Jobs when he was invited to visit PARC in 1979 was something called graphic-user interface. That's what enables users to point and click on an on-screen icon, and in this case, it was directed by what's known as a mouse.
"I thought it was the best thing I'd seen in my life," Jobs said in PBS' "Triumph of the Nerds." "They'd done a bunch of things wrong. But we didn't know that at the time. But still the germ of the idea was there and they'd done it very well and within 10 minutes it was obvious to me that all computers would work like this."
Xerox corporate bosses — "Toner Heads" to the crew at PARC — were so focused on the copier sales and marketing that they lost sight of the product development and innovation that gave the company the 914 in the first place.
"Product people get driven out of decision-making forums," Jobs said. "So the product sensibility and the product genius that brought them to that monopolistic position gets rotted out by people running these companies who have no conception of a good product vs. a bad product.
"These Toner Heads would come out to Xerox PARC and have no clue what they were seeing," he said. "They just grabbed defeat from the greatest victory in the computer industry. Xerox could have owned the entire computer industry. …It could have been the IBM of the '90s. It could have been the Microsoft of the '90s. But that's all ancient history. It doesn't really matter anymore."
Except as a reminder that even the hottest things grow cold. No matter how good the copies, what's original matters more.

Problem Solver: Six months later  couple still waiting for...0
Nick Bumba, owner of Nick's Furniture, said his store has had trouble with Lane Furniture delivering its products since last fall. Amid financial trouble, Lane Furniture was bought by Heritage, he said. That slowed manufacturing and turnaround times.
Bumba said he has been upfront with customers about the delays and has removed most Lane Furniture from his store.
In the process, his leverage with Lane has suffered.
"We were a larger account but we moved most of our merchandise away from Lane because they were having so many problems," Bumba said.
He said he offered the Laechelts a full refund, but they chose to stick with Lane knowing delivery of the furniture was delayed. He said he was also upfront that the $600 would not be refunded until the couple takes delivery of the sofa and love seat.
"(Laechelt) isn't the only one, we've had other customers who have waited some time as well," Bumba said. "We're not trying to blindside anyone. What good does it do to agitate the daylights out of a customer?"
Bumba said Lane is now telling the store the Laechelts' furniture will be ready Sept. 24.
"They said everything is A-OK," Bumba said. "There's no reason it shouldn't be done by that date."
Although representatives from Heritage Home Group did not respond to the Problem Solver, they did respond to the Laechelts.
Hours after the Problem Solver emailed a spokeswoman for Heritage on Thursday afternoon, a consumer services representative from Heritage finally replied to Wayne Laechelt's Aug. 1 email.
"Good afternoon," the email from Heritage said. "May I ask if you have received your furniture?"
Wayne Laechelt responded "No. We have not received our furniture since placing the order and paying for it Feb. 14."
On Friday morning, the representative emailed again.
"Let me see if the rep for the store can help us," she wrote. "I will let you know."
If the furniture ever arrives, the Problem Solver will let you know as well.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Fed official calls for patience on ratesFed official calls for patience on rates
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87b74000-497e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Governments Could Fall : Feds Oppose Ebola Travel Bangovernments could fall : feds oppose ebola travel ban
Chicago Confidential:  Emerging managers  open up0
A: We want $3 of upside for every $1 of downside. We use our private equity backgrounds to value a company and come up with fair market value. We then establish a price of how much money could we lose if we're wrong. … We want to buy quality at a discount. So, it's more (Warren) Buffett-esque.
Q: Why did you leave Madison Dearborn?
A: My reason is honest and not controversial. … My father passed away when he was 49, and I'm coming up on my 45th birthday. … If I didn't try to do my own thing, I would have regretted it.
Q: Biggest challenge?
A: The hardest thing to do is be patient. The easiest thing to do is put your money in the market when the market is going up, because then we make more money. And it's been hard not to do that.
Q: Do you like this better than private equity?
A: What I like to do at night and on weekends is read about investment ideas. … The (private equity) deal for me was a little bit of a nuisance. It was getting in the way of making an investment. I like finding an idea, researching the idea, and if the company is priced right, we can "do the deal" by executing a trade. We don't need a willing partner.
Nancy Prial, who lives in Wilmette, joined Essex in 2005. She is a managing principal and manages $120 million spread over three products focused on stocks with market caps of $25 million to $7 billion. Of her three strategies, the one focused on microcap stocks has 95 companies in the portfolio, which the firm recently began marketing publicly.
Q: I'm not going to know any of the companies in that portfolio, am I?
A: You can think of it as the bottom two deciles of the investable universe. … They all have the characteristics of being underloved, underrecognized and underappreciated.
 
Q: How do you find them?
A: We have a screen we do as a front-end tool because we are looking for a needle in a haystack. You could try to do it with brute force, but it would take a lot of analysts. … So, we have a screen that looks for companies that have an inflection point in their growth rates, based on revenue and earnings growth in earnings reports (quarter over quarter). We anecdotally call it our fish finder. The point is to narrow this vast universe to a number that's analyzable, then narrow it further to those companies that have dynamic growth prospects.
Q: What broader trends are informing your picks?
A: We have been believers in the idea of this industrial renaissance in the United States, driven by what's going on in the energy sector and the country's potential to become energy-independent. … We also remain overweight in health care. … And we started investing in software as a service in late 2001, 2002, companies such as Concur Technologies.
We've been underweight on consumer discretionary stocks. Generationally, consumer spending is changing. Baby boomers are entering a spending stage focused more on experiences — travel, lifestyle — and less on accumulating things. … And at the younger millennial end, we believe millennials will buy houses. I joke that, eventually, everybody will move out of their parents' basements. But the interest in everything being bigger and better, conspicuous consumption if you will, has passed.
Q: Your team (of four) is all women. How did that happen?
A: We didn't hire for women. We just happened to be a group of women. … My senior vice president, Saralyn (Sacks), and I have found people mostly through connections, through people we know. … The discourse is quite respectful. And challenges are appropriate but soft. There's never an attack mentality.
Q: What was the team's last disagreement over?
A: We were looking at a company in the Internet space. And the analyst didn't think the growth prospects looked particularly interesting. The company was in the midst of a turnaround. She felt it was too early. I thought they had some new management and the valuation was appealing. The technicals looked good. We agreed to watch it for a while. … Turns out, when they spoke at a conference, things did not look as good as I thought they might be. The analyst was right, and we decided to pass.

Waitresses Report Widespread Sexual HarassmentEmail
Here's a tip: the next time your waitress smiles at you, know that there's a pretty high chance she's been sexually harassed in the workplace.
According to a new report by the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, 80 percent of tipped women workers in the restaurant industry report receiving some form of sexual harassment from co-workers and customers.
That compares to 70 percent of male restaurant workers who reported being sexually harassed by co-workers, and 55 percent of men who said they had been sexually harassed by customers.
Sexual harassment rates doubled for women who worked in states with a $2.13-per-hour tipped minimum wage as compared to states where workers are paid the full federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.
The report comes as labor groups have gained momentum around the country in their fight for higher wages. Organizers have rallied in Seattle for a $15 minimum wage . The White House has proposed raising the federal tipped minimum wage to $4.90 by 2016.
But the restaurant industry said the report and its findings were out to lunch.
"These recycled attacks are part of a national, multimillion dollar campaign engineered, organized and funded by national labor unions and their allies seeking to disparage an industry that has no barrier to entry and no limit to what employees can achieve," said Christin Fernandez, a National Restaurant Association spokeswoman, in a statement.
Restaurateurs also pushed back on the notion that a lower base wage increases the likelihood a tipped worker will become the victim of sexual harassment.
"The assertion from ROC that the tipped wage somehow increases sexual harassment by customers is another effort to confuse the reality of the tipped wage in the industry," said Fernandez.
Tags:

Xis stance deters HK protest contagionXi Jinping’s hardline approach deters Hong Kong protest contagion
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/180936cc-4d35-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Management lessons from spiesAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Dominic Lipinski / PA via APdominic lipinski / pa via ap
HK chief under pressure over 4m paymentsHong Kong chief CY Leung faces questions over payments
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab7dcbb0-4ed5-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China should watch periphery‘Lung-washing’ tourism rises in China
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

AT&T accused over merger promisesJune 24, 2014 7:31 pm
AT&T accused over merger promises
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dabc4e10-fbbf-11e3-ad9b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco shows star investors are not really solo artistsPimco shows that star investors are not really solo artists
By John Gapper
Bill Gross’s old firm is shifting from the cult of one personality toward several smaller ones
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc17d686-4e28-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The elusive truth about Britains deficitNeither party tells Britain the truth about the deficit
By Chris Giles
The Tories and Labour present public finance policies that scale the heights of absurdity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/199bcc08-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Textbook tinkering is futile in age of GoogleTinkering with textbooks is futile in the age of Google
By Roula Khalaf
Just because it does not appear on the written record does not mean that it did not happen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c64713c8-4e28-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The seven largest emerging markets are now bigger  in GDP terms  than the established G7About this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

How UKs GCHQs eavesdroppers are tapping into management innovationAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

US air strikes push back Isis in KobaniUS air strikes push back Isis in Kobani
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fa0fd44-4ec3-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey under pressureTurkey under pressure to help Syria's Kurds Oct 08, 2014 - 3:19 pm
US-led air strikes in Syria have intensified in bid to prevent forces from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant - known as Isis - from taking over a Syrian-Turkish border town inhabited mainly by Kurds. Turkey has been reluctant to offer military assistance but is under increasing  pressure to do so. Fiona Symon asked Daniel Dombey, FT correspondent in Ankara, to explain the Turkish government’s position.

Turkey must stop prevaricatingTurkey must stop prevaricating over Isis
The likely fall of Kobani exposes the weakness of the US-led coalition
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96b54a7c-4e31-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Corporate Case for Mentoring the Grads of Lifereddit
There's no doubt we have a rapidly changing economy and a labor force undergoing dramatic shifts, but we also operate on a proven principle that support and connection leads to opportunity and productivity. Right now, there is an untapped pool of nearly six million 16-24 year olds - 1 in 7 youth - who are neither in school nor working. This is a failure of our society's ability to provide support and connection in moments big and small during a young person's development. But it is anything but a lost cause. It is not only an issue of our country's principles but also an economic one. Reconnecting these aptly named opportunity youth has the potential to return to society $93 billion annually in recovered wages, taxes, and social services and strengthen the talent pipeline.
To begin making those connections, we must shift employers' perceptions about opportunity youth and that's exactly what the Grads of Life campaign seeks to do. Grads of Life is a multimedia effort launched by a group of nonprofits, including MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership , designed to move hiring managers to reconsider the prototype of the "ideal" job candidate. It will also arm them with the tools to offer the very opportunities and support that will return for employers and these dynamic employees. Created in collaboration with the Ad Council, the campaign features TV and radio public services announcements, print advertising and an interactive website with resources to help companies reimagine the hiring and onboarding process. The website includes a directory of organizations that strive to prepare young people for work, and employer testimonials that bring their efforts to life.
Mentoring is one of the four pathways to employment for opportunity youth identified in the Grads of Life campaign.  Corporate mentoring is a critical ingredient in the mix of approaches desperately needed to widen the pipeline of talent while also strengthening the current workforce. In fact, studies have shown that 87 percent of employees feel greater loyalty to socially engaged employers and 75 percent of executives believe that a corporate volunteer program significantly impacts a company's ability to recruit and retain talented employees and enhance the company's image as an "employer of choice". Employees also say that volunteering builds skills, makes them feel more pride in their business, increases motivation and leads to higher job satisfaction.
Major national corporations are already leveraging this strategy and tapping into this talent pool. EY's College MAP program pairs employees in 23 cities with high school students to help them navigate the application and financial aid process, provides access to resources, and exposes them to the benefits of higher education. More than 90 percent of students who have participated in College MAP have enrolled in a two- or four-year institution. Smaller business, such as Coastway Community Bank, can also have a significant impact with an equal return on their commitment. The bank has invested 20 years of employee time and financial contributions to mentoring. A full one-fifth of the 150 employees mentor in local schools each year.
Private-sector engagement in mentoring youth and young employees is a smart investment in boosting labor force participation rates and increasing our nation's ability to compete in the 21st century global economy.  Opportunity youth may not be your typical candidates but their unique and diverse experiences qualify them as grads of life, who, given the connection and support we should all be afforded, are eager to prove themselves and succeed no matter the headwinds.
Follow David B. Shapiro on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DshapMENTOR
More:

Ebola Screening to Begin at Five U.S. Airportsebola screening to begin at five u.s. airports
Pakistan to pay  unaffordable  price for Kashmir firing: IndiaPrint
NEW DELHI: India's defence minister Arun Jaitley accused Pakistan on Thursday of making unprovoked attacks on Indian-controlled Kashmir, and warned of heavy retaliation.
"If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, then our forces will continue to fight, and the cost of this adventurism will be unaffordable," Arun Jaitley said.
He said that the ceasefire violations are "an effort by Pakistan to precipitate tensions where none exist".
"Pakistan has to stop this unprovoked firing and shelling… as long as it continues how can there be peace," Jaitley told reporters.
At least five people were injured in overnight shelling by Pakistan Rangers on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir, police said Thursday.
A senior police officer told IANS that Pakistan Rangers continued mortar shelling and automatic weapons firing in Akhnoor, Ramgarh, Arnia and Kanachak sectors along the international border during the night.
"Five civilians have been injured in Pakistani shelling during the night. Two people were injured in Ramgarh sector of Samba district while three injured in Kanachak area of Akhnoor sector of Jammu district," the police officer said.
All the injured have been shifted to government medical college (GMC) hospital in Jammu city.
"A mortar shell fired by Pakistan Rangers exploded in Arnia town during the night, but no casualty occurred because residents of the town have already moved to safer locations."
Intermittent firing exchanges between the BSF and Pakistan Rangers are still going on at some places on the border.
With these injuries, the total number of injured in Pakistani shelling has gone up to 60.
A total of nine Pakistani and eight Indian civilians have been killed since fighting erupted more than week ago along a 200-km stretch of border in the disputed Kashmir region.
Over 20,000 people from the border villages have abandoned their homes to avoid being targeted by Pakistani shelling of civilian habitations in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
Indian forces retaliated to gunfire and mortar shells on about 50 border security posts overnight, a senior Indian border security official said. The firing was still going on intermittently in some areas on Thursday morning.
Meanwhile, Jitendra Singh, minister of state (PMO), who visited the affected areas Wednesday in Jammu and Samba districts told reporters the BSF has been adequately responding to Pakistan's ceasefire violations on the international border.
Since heavy fighting broke out four days ago there has only been one phone call between the two militaries. The usual way of de-escalating clashes is to call a meeting of senior officials at the border, but no such meeting has been held this time.
One senior Indian army officer in Kashmir said the ongoing violence suits both nations with Pakistan's army taking a more assertive role in politics and India's new nationalist Prime Minister Narendra Modi promising a more muscular foreign policy.
The officer declined to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
"You need a strict discipline to be imposed by both sides and that only happens if there is a commitment from the leadership to do that," said Talat Masood, a retired lieutenant general in the Pakistan army. "It seems right now there is a lack of commitment on both sides to rein it."
Recommend

Fully ready to respond to Pakistans provocation: India tells UNFlipkart raising another large round of funds
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area near the India-Pakistan international border in Jammu on Monday. Photo: PTI
United Nations: India and Pakistan have sparred at the UN over ceasefire violations along the line of control (LoC) with India making it clear that its armed forces are “fully ready” to respond to “provocation”.
India also said that the onus of creating a positive environment for normalisation of relations is on Pakistan.
War of words between the two countries over the situation at the LoC took place on Tuesday at the UN General Assembly where India said that it was a “matter of deep regret” that Pakistan violated the ceasefire, in which eight people were killed and several others injured.
“It is a matter of deep regret that Pakistan has violated the ceasefire and their unprovoked firing has led to loss of civilian lives on Indian side...Firing on innocent civilians by Pakistan will only hamper normalisation of relations.
“The onus of creating a positive environment is on Pakistan which is utterly failing to do so,” senior official at the Indian Mission to the UN, Devesh Uttam said on Tuesday in his right of reply to Pakistan’s remarks. The Indian official stressed that everyone must be “assured” that India’s armed forces and paramilitary forces are “fully ready and they will respond to provocation”.
The Indian diplomat was responding to comments made by Pakistan’s Permanent Representative to the UN Masood Khan when he raised the issue of Jammu and Kashmir during the 21st plenary meeting of the General Assembly on Tuesday.
Khan said that long-standing festering issues “cannot be swept under the carpet,” reiterating Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ’s address to the UN General Assembly last month that the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir has to be resolved through negotiations and in accordance with the wishes of its people.
Voicing concern over the recent escalation of the ceasefire violations along the LoC by Indian security forces, Khan called on the Indian government to immediately cease fire to preserve tranquility at the border. He added that the UN mission in India and Pakistan must also be enabled to play its role in monitoring the ceasefire.
The Indian representative, again exercising the right of reply, said that India rejected all untenable and unsolicited remarks made by Pakistan. Later, a representative of Pakistan, speaking in exercise of the right of reply, said that the ceasefire along the LoC and the working boundary must be preserved in the interest of people in the region, and asked for restraint from the Indian government and from security forces.
He called for the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) to be enabled to play its role in monitoring the ceasefire and securing peace and tranquility along the LoC and the working boundary. PTI

ALEXANDER KLEIN / AFP - Getty Images  filealexander klein / afp - getty images  file
Let contractors fight the Islamic State  Blackwater founder Erik Prince saysBy Dan Lamothe October 9 Follow @danlamothe
Erik Prince testifies in 2007 before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform about the controversial company he founded, Blackwater, Inc. (Photo by Linda Davidson/ The Washington Post)
As the fight against the Islamic State unfolds, the take of Erik Prince, the founder of the former private security firm Blackwater, is straightforward: If the United States is unwilling to send in ground troops, “let the private sector finish the job.”
Prince addressed the subject this week in a little-noticed blog post on the site of his newest security and logistics firm, Frontier Services Group. Prince left Blackwater, with its checkered history in Iraq, including the killing by contractors of 17 civilians in a 2007 shooting, in 2010. The trial of four Blackwater guards involved in the shooting in Baghdad’s Nisoor Square, has been underway for months.
Prince is currently courting private business in Africa for his new company. He also is preparing to drum up readers for the paperback version of his bestselling book, “Civilian Warriors: The Inside story of Blackwater and the Unsung Heroes of the War on Terror,” out later this month.
The former Navy SEAL declined interview requests for this piece through a spokesperson with his book publisher, the Penguin Group. In his blog post, published Monday, Prince said President Obama’s strategy to counter the Islamic State is “half-hearted at best” and will not be able to dig the militants out of any urban centers where they seek shelter among civilians.
Prince said military clearing operations fall to foot soldiers, and the Iraqi military is “demonstrably inept after billions spent on training and equipping.” He points out that when the Islamic State attacked Iraqi units earlier this year, they folded and the militants were able to seize tanks, Howitzers, armored vehicles and ammunition, among other supplies and equipment.
“The Kurds, once a lean and strong fighting force that routinely rebuffed Saddam’s forces, now find themselves outgunned, under-equipped, and overwhelmed,” Prince wrote. “But they do fight, and they fight bravely. The Kurds’ biggest problem is the U.S. State Department blocking them from selling their oil and from buying serious weaponry to protect their stronghold and act as a stabilizing force in the region.”
Prince, long a proponent of using private military contractors to backstop U.S. policy abroad, added that the private sector has “long provided nations around the world with innovative solutions to national defense problems,” and he seems to look back fondly on the work Blackwater did.
“If the old Blackwater team were still together, I have high confidence that a multi-brigade-size unit of veteran American contractors or a multi-national force could be rapidly assembled and deployed to be that necessary ground combat team,” Prince wrote. “The professionals would be hired for their combat skills in armor, artillery, small unit tactics, special operations, logistics, and whatever else may be needed. A competent professional force of volunteers would serve as the pointy end of the spear and would serve to strengthen friendly but skittish indigenous forces.”
It’s not the first time Prince has said that Blackwater — later re-branded as Xe Services, and more recently as Academi — would have changed the equation in the fight against the Islamic State. At a political event last month, he said it was “a shame” the Obama administration had “crushed” his old business because it could have solved the issue of whether to put American troops on the ground in Iraq this year, according to the Daily Beast .
Contractors could have “gone in there and done it, and be done, and not have a long, protracted political mess that I predict will ensue,” Prince added.
Prince’s comments are likely red meat for those who think the Obama administration should do more to fight the Islamic State. His contention that Iraqi military units fell apart when tested by the militants is true. It’s also true that the State Department government has declined to sanction the sale of oil from the semi-autonomous Kurds or sell them weapons, preferring instead to deal with Iraq’s government in Baghdad.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Shiv Sena s Uddhav Thackeray tops list as Maharashtra chief minister: SurveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Irda looking to allow insurers to deal with equity derivativesIrda looking to allow insurers to deal with equity derivatives
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 12:41 AM IST
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) is looking to allow insurance companies to deal with equity derivatives. R K Nair, member-finance & investment, Irda, revealed this while speaking at a function here on Thursday. According to him, this could be considered for unit-linked portfolios, in particular.
Irda has already allowed insurers to deal in rupee interest rate derivatives, including Forward Rate Agreements (FRAs), Interest Rate Swaps (IRS) and Exchange Traded Interest Rate Futures. The regulator had earlier said participants could undertake different types of plain vanilla FRAs or IRS. IRS having explicit/implicit option features are prohibited.   
Nair said the regulator will also look at Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and if it is viable, they might discuss with markets regulator Security and Exchanges Board of India to see if this could be used as an investment opportunity by insurers. REITs are expected enable easier access to funds for cash-strapped real estate players.
On the risk management and mitigation front, Nair said the regulator was studying the catastrophe or cat bond market to see if such an instrument would have investor appetite in India. Cat bonds are used to fund claims after a catastrophic incident. These bonds help re-insurers transfer the financial risk of a catastrophe in a year to investors.
India's sole re-insurer General Insurance Corporation of India is also actively looking at cat bonds and their viability. Industry players say a combination of Indian rupee and US dollar denomination would be the best-suited model.

Nagaland awaits Amur falcons from MongoliaUpdated: October 8, 2014 23:38 IST
Nagaland awaits Amur falcons from Mongolia
Sushanta Talukdar
The Hindu The Amur falcon
TOPICS
Nagaland
Even as the first flock of Amur falcons from Mongolia have reached Pangti village in Wokha district of Nagaland to mark the advent of another migratory season, the scientific community is eagerly awaiting the arrival of ‘Naga’ and ‘Pangti’ — two Amur falcons which were satellite-tagged in Nagaland last year before the Amur falcons started their journey to South Principal Chief Conservator of Forests and head of Forest Force Nagaland, M. Lokeswara Rao told The Hindu that ‘Naga’ and ‘Pangti’ had been tracked in inner Mongolia on Wednesday and the two satellite tagged birds were expected to arrive in Nagaland anytime in October or early November.
Mr. Rao said the the arrival of ‘Naga’ and ‘Pangti’ would scientifically establish the long migration route of the Amur falcons from Mongolia to South Africa via Nagaland. However, why the Amur falcons skip Nagaland on their return journey from South Africa to Mongolia will still remain a mystery.
Satellite-tagged
On November 6, 2013 three Amur falcons — Naga, Pangti and Wokha, named after Nagaland, Pangti village and Wokha district respectively — were satellite-tagged and released in Nagaland’s Doyang forest. They reached South Africa on January 9 after flying over Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Bangladesh, Bay of Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra and the Arabian Sea. They started their return journey from South Africa in April third week. However, ‘Wokha’ continued to be tracked in Somalia, which probably meant that either the bird died or its satellite-tracking device got detached from its body, said Mr. Rao.
Longest bird migration
Every year, from October to November, a large number of Amur falcons arrive in the northeast, especially in Nagaland for roosting, from Mongolia en route to their final destination — South Africa. The falcons travel up to 22,000 km a year — known to be one of the longest distance migration of birds.
Nagaland Wildlife and Biodiversity Conservation Trust (NWBCT) Managing Trustee Bano Haralu said that the Trust has started conducting nature camps under its ‘Friends of the Amur falcon’ programme for building awareness on conservation of biodiversity among the children and villagers in the areas which the Amur falcons visit for the third consecutive year.
She said that conservation of Amur falcons in Nagaland gained ground from 2012 and in 2013 no killing of the migratory bird was reported. “Nagaland is very rich in biodiversity and when people start understanding the importance of their role in conservation of the ecosystem then conservation efforts such as conservation of Amur falcons start producing positive results,” she added.

AllYes  all!the charts from the White House report on millennialsGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,464 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

Wells Fargo to pay $5 million in discrimination settlementWells Fargo to pay $5 million to settle discrimination allegations
Wells Fargo
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
Wells Fargo, which says it intends to focus on private student loans, has not issued federal student loans since June 2010.
Wells Fargo, which says it intends to focus on private student loans, has not issued federal student loans since June 2010. (Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Tribune report
Feminism Discrimination
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) said Thursday it has reached a $5 million settlement with Wells Fargo's home mortgage unit over allegations that the lender discriminated against women who were pregnant or had recently given birth and on maternity leave.
The complaints included allegations that Wells Fargo, the nation’s largest provider of home loans, made loans unavailable based on sex and familial status or forced female applicants to end their maternity leave and return to work prior to closing on their loan.

Man who claims to hail from POK gets pre-arrest bail4
0
Mumbai: A local court on Thursday granted pre-arrest bail to a man, who claims to hail from Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK), after he was booked by police for allegedly escaping from their cusotody.
Siraj Khan, booked under the Foreigners Act, filed an anticipatory bail plea in the sessions court early this week after police registered a case against him for allegedly escaping from custody.
"Siraj Khan has been granted anticipatory bail on a bond of Rs 10,000," said his lawyer Yusuf Khan. The bail plea was heard by sessions court Judge U B Shukla who granted relief to the 29-year-old.
Siraj had also told the court that the original offence against him was not maintainable as the Union Government considers POK as a part of India.
#mumbai #pok #police #bail
He had told the sessions court that an inquiry has been instituted against a Senior Inspector of RAK Police Station in Central Mumbai for releasing him (apparently without official orders) from custody and there was no reason for him to escape from preventive detention.
Siraj had also told the court that the original offence against him was not maintainable as the Union Government considers POK as a part of India.
Siraj had been convicted by a magistrate's court for illegally entering India and his appeal against the verdict is pending before the sessions court. In the meantime, he was under detention at RAK Police Station.
The Bombay High Court stayed his deportation earlier this year.
According to Siraj, he landed in Amritsar in 1995 as a 10-year-old when he took a wrong train while fleeing from his home. He later arrived in Mumbai where he married an Indian woman with whom he has three children.
0

Complainant withdraws plea against Paraskar s pre-arrest bail4
0
Mumbai: The Mumbai-based model who has filed a complaint of rape against former deputy inspector general of police Sunil Paraskar on Thursday withdrew her application seeking cancellation of his pre-arrest bail.
"The victim today withdrew the cancellation application that she had filed after her former lawyer was allegedly threatened by a person purportedly sent by Paraskar," chief public Prosecutor Kalpana Chavan said.
Judge Vrushali Joshi allowed the victim to withdraw the application.
The senior IPS officer moved the court for anticipatory bail after the woman lodged a complaint against him for rape in July.
Last month the victim's sister had told the court that they wanted to replace her lawyer, advocate Chitra Salunke.
On August 12 the court granted anticipatory bail to Paraskar.
The senior IPS officer moved the court for anticipatory bail after the woman, a 25 years old model based in Mumbai, lodged a complaint against him for rape in July.
She alleges in the complaint that Paraskar (57), whom she had met first in 2012 in connection with a case, molested and sexually assaulted her on two occasions in December 2013.
0

UofC s Booth School again tops ranking of best MBA programsU. of C.'s Booth School again tops ranking of best MBA programs
University of Chicago
The University of Chicago campus.
The University of Chicago campus. (Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune)
University of Chicago University of Virginia
Northwestern's Kellogg moves up to No. 14 in Economists best MBA program rankings
The University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business has again topped The  Economist’s list of best full-time MBA programs. 
This is the fourth time in five years that Booth has captured the top spot in the rankings, which are published annually.
Booth was followed by Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business and the University of Virginia’s Darden School of Business in third place. The rankings including 100 schools. Northwestern's Kellogg moved up to No. 14 from 23 last year.
The annual tuition is incorrectly listed. The number in the article likely represents tuition for 2 years in a full time MBA program. http://www.chicagobooth.edu/programs/full-time/admissions/tuition-financial-aid
dcspamacct

Wall St. slides on global growth concerns  Fed viewS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Correction watch: Is this the big onecorrection watch: is this the big one
Suddenly  the heart of Germanys economy looks shakyOctober 9, 2014
All of the sudden, the heart of Germany’s high-end manufacturing economy looks incredibly weak.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Earlier this week, a similar reading on industrial production collapsed, in its biggest monthly decline since January 2009 . Industrial output fell 4% in August, compared to July, raising the prospect of a recession.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Things don’t look likely to improve over the short-term either. German manufacturing orders, a leading indicator for output, also fell sharply in August. The 5.7% decline was, again, the largest monthly drop since the worst of the global recession in early 2009.
Share
Tap image to zoom
So is it a sure thing that Germany is about to slip into recession again? It would stand to reason. Germany is part of Europe, and the European economy is in a terrible mess. Exports account for about 38% of German GDP, according to Oxford Economics. And the biggest destination for its exports are European nations. (For instance, France is its largest export market, the destination of 9.2% of all exports in 2013.) About 57% of all German export goods are shipped  to other European Union nations .
On the other hand, Germany’s domestic economy looks quite strong. At 4.9% in August , unemployment remains some of the lowest on record. And German households seem to be feeling alright, as retail sales surged 2.5% in August . Germans have also been preparing themselves—at least mentally—for a downturn for some time now.
Moreover, if the threat of recession is enough to goad German policy makers into making some long-term, productivity-enhancing investments—something that has been sorely lacking in recent years —that could actually give Germany’s domestic economy quite a bit of momentum. In other words, don’t declare the German recession underway just yet.
Share this:

Sikka s strategy to transform IT servicesInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka eyes design, innovation in new IT services strategy
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 12:24 AM IST
He has his roots in the software product industry, where productivity is not measured by billing the clients on the basis of works rendered for each hour unlike the information technology(IT) services industry. Now at helm of India’s second largest IT services company Infosys as the first non-founder chief executive officer and managing director, Vishal Sikka has clearly charted out that the reincarnated Infosys will not be interested in the ‘services of yesterday’, but something where people will be able to apply ‘design thinking’ leveraging efficiency tools such as automation and artificial intelligence.
During his little over than four months of working with Infosys, Sikka has in several occasions touched upon the way he would like the company to be transformed to the next level though the details are expected after the company’s quarterly earnings on Friday. But in his keynote address at the recently concluded Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco, he dwelt upon a few of those aspects what he has envisioned for the company.
“…the main business of Infosys is our services. I see a tremendous opportunity to rethink the way services are done. In many ways when I took this new role, I thought about the world of services and I came to the conclusion that myself and us at Infosys, we are not interested in the services of yesterday,” said Sikka during his first ever address at Oracle OpenWorld.
“We believe that a great new thinking in services can be brought to life. We think the world of services itself can be transformed. And that transformation stems from being able to bring efficiency but also automation, artificial intelligence techniques to bear, to amplify the role of the people in the services world.”
While the IT and business process management services organizations are seen increasingly moving towards automating the processes with an aim of enhancing the efficiency and creating a leaner model, this is something also often being considered as a Rs job killer’. However, Sikka says tools like automation, artificial intelligence or natural language processing are technological innovations which are aimed at amplifying the human potentials further. He said, the same thing has happened in the past when the power loom was invented or when technology was used to a greater extent in agriculture thus resulting in green revolution couple of decades ago.
“Do you remember when the steam loom was going to make the people obsolete, the sewing machine was going to make the ‘sewers’ obsolete? This is a great advance of technology. It happens all the time, continuously. It has been going on for centuries,” he said.
“Focus on those things that are not possible for the machines to do and bring a great human revolution to life … I believe that a great services rethinking can be done around such a human revolution. But we believe also that the new kinds of services are necessary using the power of techniques like design thinking to be able to go in to new unprecedented areas … to able to do new kinds of things in new kinds of ways, to be able to explore what is interesting and to bring the power of design thinking to bear for this new types of things,” added Sikka who is widely considered as an ace technocrat.
One of the first few things he enumerated after taking charge at Infosys was to bring in a culture of innovation which can even make the mundane software coding jobs interesting and appealing. “Life is too short to focus only on the mundane,” he had said.
He had also prompted the company to engage more with the start-up communities that are seen to be coming with innovations in niche areas. Giving an example, Sikka said Infosys is now helping Clique Intelligence, a spin-off from DreamWorks Animation, to commercialise their collaboration tool which is unique because of the nature of the work in the animation industry. It is because a typical animation movie has billion of files in it which are stitched together by the employees with the help of the collaboration tools.
MAKING MOVES
Bring in tools such as automation, artificial intelligence, robots, natural language processing
 
Use power of techniques such as  design thinking to go in to new unprecedented areas
 
Bring in culture of innovation
 

BlackBerry to aid Startup Village in VizagBlackBerry to aid Startup Village in Vizag
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 10, 2014 12:23 AM IST
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry is planning to extend support to developers at the upcoming Startup Village in Visakhapatnam by replicating its Rubus Labs model there, according to Annie Mathew, BlackBerry’s India director for alliances and business development.
Startup Village, a not-for-profit business incubator, was started in April 2012 at Kochi in Kerala. It has so far incubated 800 start-ups, including 256 student start-ups. BlackBerry has set up Rubus Labs - its first innovation zone in the Asia-Pacific region - at the Kochi Startup Village, in order to promote development of applications in the BlackBerry platform among the developer community.
“Last month, the Andhra Pradesh government signed an MoU (memorandum of understanding) with Startup Village to set up a similar incubation centre in Visakhapatnam. At present, the government is in the process of creating infrastructure. Once that gets set up, we’ll support the developers in the enterprise support space,” Mathew said on Thursday.
Rubus Labs is designed to foster the spirit of innovation in young entrepreneurs and students in India and to provide them with access to the latest BlackBerry products and technical know-how. Rubus Labs has created 200 applications for BB10 global launch.
Stating that more and more state governments were evincing interest in collaborating with start-ups to develop government and public apps, Mathew said BlackBerry would offer device and technical support in a virtual environment to the incubation centres that the Telangana government was planning to set up in association with the Indian School of Business and International Institute of Information Technology-Hyderabad. “Discussions with Himachal Pradesh for a similar support are already on,” she added.
According to Mathew, BlackBerry had garnered 46 per cent of its second quarter revenues from hardware and 54 per cent from software and services. "We don't expect this 46 per cent to change only because of Passport (BB's new handset) launch," she said.
BlackBerry Passport, with a 4.5-inch touch screen and three-row touch-enabled physical keyboard, is priced at Rs 49,990. The new smart device, equipped with a 2.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, 13-MP rear camera and powered by a 3,450 mAh battery, will be available from October 10, 2014.
Mapmygenome app on BB Passport soon
Mapmygenome, a Hyderabad-based molecular diagnostics startup, has designed an app for BlackBerry's Passport handset. The Mapmygenome BlackBerry app will allow users to buy personal genomics services, track their orders and view their reports and recommendations on their phones.
For physicians recommending genetic tests, this app helps them connect with their patients, with access to health history, reports and genetic counselors' recommendations.
"The app is designed to meet Mapmygenome's requirements of data security and doctor-patient confidentiality," Subash Lingareddy, founder of Mapmygenome, said, adding that the app should be ready for consumer use in a month or so.

Leading from thecentreComments
Riding the Modi wave, the BJP won seven of the 10 Lok Sabha seats in the state.
The BJP has long remained on the fringes of Haryana’s political scene, tasting power only twice as a junior coalition partner, once with Bansi Lal’s Haryana Vikas Party, and later with Om Prakash Chautala’s Indian National Lok Dal. However, its performance in the Lok Sabha elections, both at the national level and in Haryana, has completely altered the equations in the state and has set the stage for a triangular contest.
With the Congress facing anti-incumbency after a decade in power and a desperate INLD — supremo Chautala has been convicted in a teachers’ recruitment scandal and is serving a 10-year sentence — attempting to garner sympathy votes from its support base, the BJP’s decision to go it alone has made this one of the most keenly watched elections in recent times. It decided to dump its ally in the Lok Sabha elections, Kuldeep Bishnoi’s Haryana Janhit Party, which demanded a large share of seats as an alliance partner despite putting up a poor show in the elections.
Riding the Modi wave, the BJP won seven of the 10 Lok Sabha seats in the state. It had contested from eight seats, leaving two for the HJP (which lost both). The INLD bagged two, both from constituencies where the BJP did not contest, while a lone seat fell to the Congress. For the Congress, the result was a far cry from the previous Lok Sabha elections in 2009, in which it won nine seats. The BJP is also buoyed by the fact that its candidates were ahead in 52 of the 79 assembly segments from where it had contested. BJP president Amit Shah recently made his intentions clear when he claimed that the party was aiming at a two-thirds majority in the state.
The party is once again banking on the Modi factor, as is clear from the fact that the BJP has not projected any leader as the chief ministerial candidate. This, perhaps, is also its biggest handicap. There was speculation that Union External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj may be projected as the face of the party in the state, but that has not happened. Shah has been crisscrossing the state and addressing rallies. Modi himself is scheduled to address nearly a dozen rallies. Though the party had roped in former Congress stalwart Birender Singh, who had staked claim to the post of chief minsiter and had been publicly criticising Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, it decided not to even field him in the elections.
The INLD launched its campaign well in advance of the BJP and the Congress. It was the first party to finalise all 90 candidates, and they are way ahead of rivals as far as campaigning is concerned. The party is attempting to portray the arrests of its top leaders as a “sacrifice” it had to make to provide employment to the continued…

US Senator hints at UN help to enforceceasefirePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:10 am
Expressing serious concern over ceasefire violations along the border between India and Pakistan, a visiting US Senator on Thursday suggested that UN could be a “helpful participant” to resolve the current crisis. Senator Timothy M Kaine, also Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on South and Central Asian Affairs, said, “I think sometimes the UN can be a helpful participant in the discussion to return to ceasefire for example.”
“Right role or necessity of how deep the UN needs to be engaged, I haven’t thought through. But as a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the UN does a good job and in that sense I think their participation should be welcomed,” he said. On Wednesday, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon had asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue.

Ford shares drop after analysts warns on F-150Ford shares sink on day after analyst report
By: Chris Woodyard October 9, 2014 12:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ford shares fell 2.6% to $13.84 Thursday, a day after an influential analyst predicted that the company’s breakthrough aluminum-bodied F-150 may not be as profitable as predicted in the short run.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas cut his price target on Ford shares to $14, down from $16, even though he acknowledged the new truck is terrific from a product standpoint.
He warned that it may not be as profitable as forecast and its rollout may not go smoothly.
Plus, the company is banking itself on the new truck, the source of about 90% of its profits.
He later added that profitability will also be harmed by the competitive response to the new truck. Jonas noted that Ford officials say its new technology is aimed at winning over buyers from competitive brands, but that it may not surrender so easily.
Contributing: Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press

Would be unusual to have correction: Prowould be unusual to have correction: pro
Equities and dollar slump as global growth woes multiplyEquities and dollar slump as global growth woes multiply
Finmeccanica chiefs get jail term  cleared of corruption chargesFinmeccanica chiefs get jail term  cleared of corruption charges
PRECIOUS-Gold rises to 2-week high as equities slide on growth fearsPRECIOUS-Gold rises to 2-week high as equities slide on growth fears
Bill Gross happy to give up management responsibilityBill Gross happy to give up management responsibility
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b7bfa28-4be8-11e4-a63b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba talks could price Snapchat at $10bnAlibaba talks could price Snapchat at $10bn
By Richard Waters and Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/761d33c2-1837-11e4-a82d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can we do without the idea of Bill GrossCan we do without the idea of Bill Gross?
By Stephen Foley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a0b5626-4a1a-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Longtime wildflower grower shares her secretsLongtime wildflower grower shares her secrets
Caption
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers."
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers." (Miriam Goldberger)
Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers," provides a bounty of hints and tips.
Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers," provides a bounty of hints and tips. (Miriam Goldberger)
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers."
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers." (Miriam Goldberger)
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers."
A page from Miriam Goldberger's book, "Taming Wildflowers." (Miriam Goldberger)
Gardening Invasive Species
In “Taming Wildflowers,” longtime grower Miriam Goldberger shares her secrets.
When Miriam Goldberger began growing wildflowers on her farm 100 miles north of Toronto, few people talked about sustainability or organic food webs or how native plants were crucial to specific pollinators.
"You didn't hear those terms, and wildflowers were weeds," Goldberger said. "I started growing them because I had huge plots of pick-your-own flowers and I needed low-maintenance gardens because I had so much to do. I discovered that a lot of these flowers were exceptionally, extraordinarily beautiful."
8
That was 27 years ago, and Goldberger has since become an ambassador for wildflowers — both native and non-native plants — for bouquets and for beneficial insects.
"Many wildflowers make great cut flowers. But there's no end to their beauty and utility, and that makes me excited." Her new book, "Taming Wildflowers" (St. Lynn's Press, 208 pages, $18.95, tamingwildflowers.com) is a user-friendly guide to more than 60 plants, with details on how to grow them, a list of pollinators they attract, how to arrange them for fresh bouquets or dry them as everlastings and much more.
"My goal is to encourage people to include wildflowers in their garden, but they belong everywhere," Goldberger said. "Some farmers are putting them into field rows because they bring in pollinators for vegetables."
0
Her first farm sat across from a site where pesticides were used in the gardens. The contrast between the two properties was extreme. "We had an exciting amount of birds and bees, but that landscape was literally lifeless. It took me a while to realize the difference, but when I did it was a very visceral experience."
Goldberger and her husband, Paul Jenkins, started Canada's first pick-your-own flower farm, and they cultivated thousands of traditional cut-flower annuals. She needed to grow more flowers for the business but didn't have the time for high-maintenance annuals, so she began researching alternatives. She concluded that native perennial wildflowers and grasses lived long, needed less care and looked stunning in the garden or a vase.
"There are some rockin' Echinaceas: the pale purple coneflower (E. pallida) and the Tennessee coneflower (E. tennesseensis), which is so valuable in floral design and the garden. It blooms so long and has upright petals, and it's shorter and can fit in many size gardens," she said
Her farm is a feast of color from spring through fall. Columbine, golden Alexanders, shooting stars and prairie smoke are among early spring bloomers, followed by baptisia, Culver's root, ironweed, Mexican sunflowers and scores of other perennials.
But of the zinnias, snapdragons, larkspur, sweet Annie and other heirloom annuals growing alongside perennial native plants, Goldberger said, "I'm not a purist. I believe in combining native and non-native plants in the garden. Pollinators thrive on diversity."
But once they're established, native perennials like liatris, echinacea and rudbeckia are drought tolerant and need no fertilizer. Many of these flowers wind up in Goldberger's do-it-yourself bouquets, including those selected by local brides. Her book includes examples of bridal bouquets assembled from summer- and fall-blooming wildflowers and grasses. She's found that the dusky blue foliage of wild indigo makes a good substitute for eucalyptus. And her hands-down favorite is wild quinine (Parthenium integrifolium). "It's such an awesome plant. You can use it as a fresh-cut flower, and it makes a gorgeous everlasting. It's the ultimate backdrop plant for the border."
Although some native plants like Queen of the Prairie (Filipendula rubra) and goldenrod can be aggressive in the home garden, Goldberger says you need not worry. "There are many wildflowers, like liatris and coneflowers, that are extremely well behaved. Some will self-sow and some won't."
It's hard to pin her down to a list of favorites, but she adores the Ozark coneflower (Echinacea paradoxa), saying, "Its blossoms are all about exaggeration; it has very large flowers and blooms for a long time," while the pale purple coneflower "grows in the most horrid, unamended clay soil." And the pasque flowers and Virginia bluebells that adorn her spring garden are "really fun and exciting."
But the show's not over when autumn winds down. "I still use everlastings and dried wildflowers together. Dried pods, seed heads — they're subtle but lovely."
Going wild
Goldberger offers these tips for home gardeners:
Start small and go for density. When you plant wildflowers close together, you leave less room for weeds.
Start by growing a few favorites from seed.
Create a meadow. A meadow-style garden needs no mulching or watering.
Include some edibles. Goldberger partners other wildflowers with anise hyssop, bronze fennel, dill, borage, purple kale and scarlet runner beans.
Be adventurous. Experiment with color and texture.

Travel stocks hit as Ebola spooks marketsTravel stocks bear brunt as Ebola fears spook markets
By Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6fd2438-4ecb-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Carmakers rev up Indonesia discountsCarmakers rev up discounts to clear Indonesia showrooms
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba3d7e14-fc11-11e3-ad9b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco shows stars are not really solo artistsPimco shows that star investors are not really solo artists
By John Gapper
Bill Gross’s old firm is shifting from the cult of one personality toward several smaller ones
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc17d686-4e28-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed fears market misreading of guidanceFed fears market misreading of guidance
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70bb39a2-4f0e-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Traders cut bets on fast Fed rate rise paceTraders cut bets on fast Fed rate rise pace
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a66ae8b2-4ef1-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indonesian cave art as old as Europes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cba7b384-4ed9-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will CNBC Market Negativity Again Bail Out Short Hedge Fundsreddit
All during the run-up in the stock market over the past couple of years, the major cable news outfit covering the financial markets, CNBC, has been relentlessly pushing the idea that the market needs to have "correction" of at least 10% to warrant further investment equities. Day after day, night after night, the CNBC website carries stories with ominous headlines predicting a coming dramatic fall in the market, trotting out gloom and doom prophets on its programs like Marc Faber, to renew their predictions of a crash of 30-50% just around the corner because they perceive the market to be "ahead of the curve" of the real US economy.
Here are some examples from just the past couple of days of CNBC's own  fear-promoting  stories, despite the fact that that US unemployment is down to 5.9%, job growth per month at 227,000 for 2014 is the best year-to-date performance since the heady days of 1999, and US dollar is reaching the "King dollar" heights advocated by leading CNBC commentator Larry Kudlow: fear of "black swan," fear of earnings ; fear of the rising dollar trade.
CNBC "Armageddon" scare stories have been cited previously in this blog, going all the way back to the previous CNBC promotions of the theory that Greece was going to collapse, that the Euro was going to collapse, that Germany was going to leave the Euro, that Spain was going to collapse, that Italy was going to collapse, that the US was going to default on its debt, etc., all of which of course would potentially trigger a market crash.  Not one of which actually happened. But, never mind. For a while, each of these hysteria scenarios heavily promoted by CNBC drove down the equity markets for a few days or weeks. This provided enough time to allow short hedge fund positions to be unwound at a big gain and for the same funds to buy into leading stocks more cheaply to reap gains when the scenarios turned out to false - which the hedge fund managers probably knew they were!
The same pattern emerged last fall when CNBC actively promoted the outright lie that the Federal Reserve had decided to begin to unwind its extraordinary stimulus at its September meeting, which many market participants thought would be too early given the state of the economy. Not surprisingly, this led to a sharp drop in stock prices and an even more pronounced rise in bond yields. In fact, the Fed deferred its decision to "taper" its bond purchases until later in the year, and bond yields have actually come down as it has continued an orderly pace of wind-down to the present moment. Again, the equity markets also quickly recovered to gain a massive 30% increase, as measured by the S&P 500 for all of last year, once it was clear that the doom scenarios promoted by CNBC did not hold water and the short hedge funds had relatively poor results, which carried on into 2014.
But on CNBC, hope (and hype) springs eternal for a "correction" to bail out these hedge funds. At first, there was a gift from Mother Nature to the short side. The past winter  was terrible and GDP fell by 2.6% in Q1 (along with expectations for the economy for the rest of the year). Stock markets were moribund, and bond prices surged, and the shorts began finally to look smart.  But, as Chauncey Gardiner of "Being There" predicted, "In the Spring' there turned out to be real signs of growth.  In late July, we learned that the economy grew in the second quarter by 4%, a figure later revised up to 4.6% in the final data. Suddenly the shorts didn't look so smart and in fact were fighting off more losses. The stock market revived, but CNBC, right on cue, was ready with a new chamber of horrors facing the market: the Gaza war, the Ukraine war, the ISIS emergence, the Ebola outbreak, the European near-recession and deflation, the Chinese students in the streets of Hong Kong.
It's not that any of these occurrences haven't in fact been happening. All of them are real. But are they signals for a US stock market correction or crash? Do they singly or collectively threaten the surge of growth in the US economy? Do they justify a fall to 2.0% in the ten-year treasury bond interest rate, a level consistent with a US recession, confidently predicted currently by a leading trader on CNBC's "Fast Money" program?
Granted that any TV news organization would rather cover a train wreck than an on-time arrival at the station. But CNBC's constant denigration of the equity market raises a question: why on earth would the cable network do their level best day in and day out to scare viewers out of the markets that they covers?  If the only players left in equities are machines run by hedge funds, who needs to bother watch CNBC?  CNBC seems to daily go out of its way to talk down the market and talk investors out of investing. So why should they bother watching TV when it constantly tells the viewers that "Stockmageddon" is just around the corner? Or as one "Fast Money" trader said last week about Ebola: "Sell first and ask questions later!"
CNBC is not alone in this game. Without a shred of data to back up its assertion, USA Today warned that the surprisingly good jobs report of October 3 could lead the Federal Reserve to increase base interest rates sooner than the financial markets expects in 2015 , despite the absence of any evidence of emerging inflation.  But CNBC is leading the charge to warn viewers that the fall in the Russell "small cap' stock index by over 10%, technically a "correction," is "trying to tell us something" about a coming downward direction of the US economy (multiple quotes from CNBC trading guru Guy Adami, who is the one who predicts the 2.0% ten-year note, consistent with a coming US recession).  Seems to this blog that traders are trying to tell the rest of us to sell out of the market so they can swoop in to buy it cheap because they know darn well the US is not heading or a recession.
###
By Terry Connelly, Dean Emeritus, Ageno School of Business, Golden Gate University
Terry Connelly is an economic expert and dean emeritus of the Ageno School of Business at Golden Gate University in San Francisco. Terry holds a law degree from NYU School of Law and his professional history includes positions with Ernst & Young Australia, the Queensland University of Technology Graduate School of Business, New York law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore, global chief of staff at Salomon Brothers investment banking firm and global head of investment banking at Cowen & Company. In conjunction with Golden Gate University President Dan Angel, Terry co-authored Riptide: The New Normal In Higher Education .
Follow Terry Connelly on Twitter: www.twitter.com/deantrc
More:

If the Three Stooges Worked at Olive Gardenreddit
Imagine the Three Stooges as waiters. Curly's pouring hot soup in laps, Moe's sneezing in the spaghetti, and Larry's lighting a well-coiffed woman's hair on fire with the bananas flambé.
When their boss finally gives them the boot, the customers cheer. And if the wiseguys were to ask for big goodbye bonuses, everyone in the joint would crack up.
But that's not how the story turns out for under-performing personnel at the very top of the restaurant industry ladder. In late July, Darden Restaurant Group -- the company that owns Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, and numerous other chain eateries --announced plans to usher their CEO out the door.
After years of sluggish sales, investors cheered the move, immediately driving up the price of the company's stock by almost 5 percent .
In this case, however, nobody seems to have laughed when the spurned employee requested a big bonus. In fact, Darden CEO Clarence Otis, Jr. will walk away with compensation and retirement funds worth an estimated $36 million.
Under investor pressure, the Darden board has pushed out two other top officials over the past year as well. Altogether, the three executives are sailing off with combined compensation valued at an estimated $68 million, according to a report I authored for the Institute for Policy Studies. On top of cash, stock, and generous retirement funds, they reaped various fringe benefits like financial counseling and discounts on their company cars.
Surely the Three Stooges wouldn't have deserved a pile of loot for their abominable service. So why would Darden richly reward Otis and the other two ousted executives for a job badly done?
For the vast majority of servers working in its full-service chain restaurants, gold-plated perks are unimaginable. Darden pays at least 20 percent of its hourly workforce no more than the federal minimum wage for tipped workers. That subminimum wage has been stuck at $2.13 for more than 20 years.
Employers are supposed to make up the difference if their employees' total pay (tips plus wages) doesn't add up to at least the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. Because of lack of enforcement, however, noncompliance runs rampant .
Nationwide, 12.8 percent of tipped restaurant workers can't make ends meet, compared to the 6.5 percent poverty rate for non-tipped workers, according to the Economic Policy Institute .
Darden does offer most employees a 401(k) retirement plan. But 87 percent of those eligible (including management and administrative staff) choose not to participate. With such small paychecks, it's nearly impossible to put money aside for retirement.
Currently, Darden workers face even greater insecurity. An activist hedge fund, Starboard Value, is battling over control of the company and pushing for deep cost-cutting , including on labor.
Squeezing workers to the bone is no recipe for success. But paying a living wage would be.
According to research by the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United , states that have raised their minimum wage for tipped workers above the federal floor have had above-average employment growth and increases in per capita restaurant sales.
As the country's largest full-service restaurant corporation, Darden plays a major role in setting national industry standards. And now, in the midst of a bitter shareholder fight, it has a decision to make. Will it tighten the vice on workers or will it change course and follow a high road approach to prosperity?
Sarah Anderson directs the Global Economy Project at the Institute for Policy Studies and is the author of the new report Darden's Golden Goodbyes.
Distributed via OtherWords.org
Follow Sarah Anderson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Anderson_IPS
More:

The Tyranny of One Right Answerreddit
What's the right answer?
That's the question we spend a lot of time asking ourselves when faced with a major decision. Should we move to Colorado? Should I take that job with a more prestigious company? Do I really want to marry this person? Which contractor do I select for our renovation? Are we ready to adopt another child?
We search to find the right answer, one that will ensure our future happiness and contentment. While it may be a natural process, it's a question designed to drive ourselves crazy and a sure-fire formula for suffering.
The problem is the premise is flawed. When we believe there is one right answer, it implies we know what the future will hold. But sadly, none of us has a burning bush that will flame in front of us and tell us which way to go. We each make our journeys through life with a lot of guesswork, optimism, and if you're spiritual, a lot of prayer.
Think about it. How many times have you thought something was going to be terrible, but it turned out to be great?  Or the other way around --you thought something was going to be great, but it didn't turn out that way?  None of us can predict the future.
All choices have costs and all choices have benefits. Our choices are rarely clear-cut. The choice is which basket of costs/benefits do you choose?
Let's say you decided to take the job with the more prestigious company, even though your new job had a longer commute and you were relatively happy in your former job. After working there a while, you realize you have less time with your family because of the commute and longer working hours, and the opportunities for advancement are not as your employer had presented. You are left feeling like you did not pick the right answer.
And when we believe there is just one right answer, and it doesn't turn out so well, we become angry with ourselves for choosing wrong. We attack ourselves for not being smarter and more insightful. We lose confidence in our ability to make decisions wisely.
The answer to avoiding this trap lies in remembering the truth, feeling empathy for ourselves, and having confidence in our abilities.
We need to accept the reality that we can't predict the future. We looked at all the options we had available to us and made the best decision that we could, given the knowledge we had at the time.
We have to feel empathy for ourselves when our decision doesn't turn out as well as we had hoped. If we beat ourselves up about it, we will just feel worse. Playing the "If only I'd known" game will just cause us more pain. And we didn't know.
Lastly, don't let a decision that didn't work out let you lose your confidence. The only real confidence that any of us can have about the future is that we'll figure out how to get through it, no matter what happens.
In the example about the job, you could explore the options you now have and perhaps take a different job closer to home, or explore the possibility of moving to a new home closer to your office.
The point is to remember there may be several right answers for you, not just one. So focus on picking a right answer, not the right answer.
David Geller is the author of Wealth & Happiness: Using Your Wealth to Create a Better Life . He is the CEO of Atlanta-based GV Financial Advisors and is available for professional speaking engagements.
Follow David Geller on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GVFinancial
More:

5 Money Lies We Tell Ourselvesreddit
When trying to make ourselves feel better about our financial situation, we often tell ourselves little lies that ease our minds about things. The problem is, if we tell ourselves these lies enough, we tend to start believing them. A sound financial strategy is to recognize the lies we are telling ourselves and vow to stop lying. Here are the most common financial lies we tell ourselves:
1. If I borrow money from my savings, I'll definitely pay it back.
We all tell ourselves this, but very few of us actually pay ourselves back. The money is there and it's convenient, so we make up an excuse so we can easily access it. The problem is, if you don't have they money to pay for something without the savings, then you probably aren't going to have the money to pay back your savings.
If you need to make a large purchase and don't have the cash on hand, consider applying for a credit card with a 0 percent intro APR. ( Here is a good list of those cards .) If you can get a card with at least a year and a half of no interest, then you can pay off the principal balance slowly without being charged interest. Keep in mind, if you don't think you can pay the balance back within the year and a half, don't use this method. Borrowing from savings is better than racking up extra interest from a credit card.
2. I'll start investing next year when things are better.
Investing can be complicated, and so many of us avoid it altogether because we fear what we don't know. We avoid contributing to our 401k because we don't know how or we think it will hurt our lifestyle. Don't shy away from contributing to your 401k, especially if your company matches contributions. That's just throwing money away. Talk to your HR department; they can walk you through how to contribute. And 401k contributions are not taxed, so unless you are contributing a huge amount, you won't notice too much of a difference in your paycheck.
If you want to invest outside your 401k or in an IRA and are really nervous about it, look for companies or investing sites that offer investing education to new investors. Many do-it-yourself sites offer great education and help for free when you set up an account. We looked at the best investing websites for beginners and here are the best ones that we found .
3. I don't need to worry about my credit score until I want to buy a car or a house.
Your credit score affects a lot more than just getting approved for a large loan. It can dictate many other financial needs. Your credit score helps determine what kind of interest rate you are offered on loans. It informs what you will pay for car insurance or other insurance policies. It can keep you from renting an apartment or a rental car. And even if you can get approved for a credit card, a lower score can keep you from getting the best rewards and perks.
If you don't know your credit score, don't sign up for a service that requires you to give your credit card information, like Credit Sesame or Credit Karma. If you need to improve your credit score, here are some quick ways to get your numbers up .
4. I'll need less money when I'm older, so I can live off of Social Security.
In reality, you are probably going to need more money when you get older. Even if you manage to slide into retirement debt-free with a deed to your house, there are a lot of expenses that come along with getting older, the biggest of which being medical expenses. Here are some of the other big unexpected costs people have after retirement:
Making major fixes on an old home
Helping out children in financial trouble
Inflation
Higher taxes
Living longer than expected
If you don't think you have enough money for your retirement, make sure you are contributing to your 401k, and if need be, set up an IRA to contribute even more to your retirement.
5. I need to win the lottery to get out of this debt.
Debt can be overwhelming for sure. The key is not to panic. Sometimes, it can feel like you need a huge windfall to get out of your current debt, but going the slow and steady route can actually be a smarter game plan than using a lump sum to pay off all your debt at once.
There are a few tricks that can help you tackle your debt head on. Lowering your interest rate on your debt is the most important step. If your credit score is still good, apply for a balance transfer credit card . Many of these cards offer a 0 percent intro APR for balance transfers, meaning you won't be paying any interest on your debt for the intro period, which can last up to a year and half. If you can't get approved for a balance transfer card, look into debt consolidation to help lower your interest rate. The lower your interest rate, the more debt you are paying off each month, and the quicker you can become debt free.
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

Icahn agitates for Apple share buybacksActivist Icahn agitates for more Apple share buybacks
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 9:09 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Carl Icahn (AP)
One of Wall Street’s most vocal activists, Carl Icahn, in an open letter to Apple’s CEO Thursday morning, said shares of the iPhone maker are “massively” undervalued and worth $203 a share, more than double its current price.
Icahn’s letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook also urged the company to buy back more shares. Apple, according to Icahn’s math, is sitting on $133 billion in cash.
See full story .
Apple shares closed Wednesday night at $100.80 and were up 73 cents to $101.53 in pre-market trading.
Icahn backed management, calling Cook the “ideal CEO.” He said now is a “very opportunistic time” for Apple to buy back more shares. Icahn noted that Apple shares are trading at just eight times its fiscal 2015 earnings estimates, which is “significantly lower” than the broad Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index’s P-E multiple of 15 times.
Given that Icahn says Apple, powered by the iPhone 6, can grow earnings per share at a 30% clip in 2016 and 2017, he said the shares deserve to be trading at 19 times earnings, which values Apple shares at $203 per share, he says.
The fact the stock is currently trading around $100 per share is an indication that the rest of Wall Street is not in full agreement with Icahn’s bullish forecast on Apple’s outlook. In fact, of 43 brokerages tracked by Thomson/First Call, the average price target for Apple shares now is $111.86, with the highest target $139 per share.
While Icahn did not specify the exact size or method of any share buyback plan, he urged Apple executives to “repurchase a lot more, and sooner.”
Share buybacks benefit existing shareholders, as earnings per share improve when divided by fewer shares in circulation on the open market.
 

Income study: Typical Illinois senior won t keep up in retirement3
In the two lowest-ranking states, Massachusetts and North Dakota, people age 65 and older are unable to replace even half of their younger counterparts’ income, Interest.com said. Massachusetts seniors faced the biggest income gap for the second consecutive year.
The only two places where people met the threshold were Washington, D.C., at 74 percent, and Nevada, at 71 percent. Interest.com said Washington likely fares well because it has a large number of retired federal workers with pension plans.
Interest.com examined the Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey. For each state and Washington, D.C., Interest.com divided the median annual household income for those 65 and older by the median annual household income for those ages 45 to 64. Interest.com said the Census broadly defines income as including wages, salaries, tips, Social Security, welfare, interest, dividends, pensions, income from such defined contribution retirement plans as 401(k) plans and IRAs, rental properties and royalties.
People 65 and older are able to replace at least 60 percent of their younger counterparts’ annual incomes in 28 states and Washington, D.C. Rounding out the top five are Hawaii, 69 percent, Arizona, 68 percent, and Mississippi, 68 percent.
Twitter @beckyyerak

Oreo maker Mondelez names new finance chiefMondelez CFO David Brearton to lead coffee joint venture
Mondelez International, the maker of snacks from Oreo to Ritz, has named a new chief financial officer.
The Deerfield-based snack food company has brought in former GE executive Brian Gladden as CFO replacing David Brearton, who will establish and launch a new coffee-making joint venture.
Brearton has been CFO of Mondelez since it was launched in 2012, and was CFO of Kraft Foods before that. He started with Kraft in 1984.
The new joint venture will be formed with with D.E. Master Blenders 1753 and is called Jacobs Douwe Egberts.
Caption Oreo
Mondelez International is the maker of Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers.
Mondelez International is the maker of Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Caption Ritz crackers
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
See more galleries
Caption Chips Ahoy
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
See more galleries
Caption Premium Saltines
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
Caption Cadbury
Simon Dawson / Bloomberg
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled.
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled. (Simon Dawson / Bloomberg)
See more galleries
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
Gladden was most recently a senior vice president and CFO of Texas-based technology company Dell. He will join Mondelez on Monday, but won't take over the CFO role until Dec. 1.
Mondelez shares fell slightly in midday trading.

Stocks Spiral Lower; Dow Drops 300 Pointsstocks spiral lower; dow drops 300 points
Akash Prakash: Preparing for a stronger dollarAkash Prakash: Preparing for a stronger dollar
Akash Prakash |  Oct 09, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The dollar has been strengthening for some time now. Since this rally began in July 2014, the dollar has strengthened against 32 of the 33 major currencies of the world, the sole exception being the Chinese yuan. The worst affected currencies have been the rouble, the New Zealand dollar and the Brazilian real, all of which have weakened in excess of 10 per cent. The rupee has been one of the most stable currencies in this period, down only about 2.5 per cent.
The stability of the rupee has been linked to India's improving macroeconomic outlook (a better current-account and fiscal position), to the credibility of the Reserve Bank of India, as well as to the relative calm in United States treasury markets. Given the nature of portfolio flows into India so far this year, wherein debt flows at $20 billion have swamped equity inflows of $14 billion, the relative stability of the rupee is more dependent on calm in United States fixed-income markets than any dollar move. Debt flows tend to be faster money than equity, and can vanish as quickly as they come in. Remember the taper tantrum of May-August 2013, in which the rupee fell by 30 per cent, peak to trough: it were debt outflows that caused the initial run on the rupee. Equity flows were actually still positive in that period and non-disruptive. Policy makers need to keep a watch for any disruption in global fixed-income markets, which could spook debt investors, and cause money to flee emerging markets.
While there is now a general consensus that the dollar will continue to strengthen, what may surprise is the extent of the move and the reasons underpinning it. As many research analysts, most notably at HSBC, have pointed out, past episodes of dollar strength have some common patterns:
United States economic growth and its outlook tends to be far stronger than its major trading partners'.
The outlook for monetary policy in the United States will be far tighter than its peers.
Some type of global shock adds to the allure of the dollar.
The dollar rally only falters when the United States current-account position becomes unsustainable.
If we look at the state of affairs today, then most of the above conditions are fulfilled. There is no question that compared to the European Union (EU) and Japan, the growth outlook for the United States is far more robust. Forecasters are upgrading their growth and employment numbers for the United States, while simultaneously reducing them for both the EU and Japan. Even on monetary policy, while the United States Federal Reserve will have to begin raising rates in the coming six months, we are expecting some form of quantitative easing to commence in the other two regions. A triple-dip recession in the EU and it's impact on the European financial system could be the economic shock that will catalyse a further surge in dollar strength.
However, the biggest crisis facing most of the developed world today is the threat of deflation. Globally, inflation is currently above target in only eight of the 34 major economies of the world. If we look at forecasts for 2015, only three countries out of these 34 are expected to have inflation above their respective central-bank targets. In most of these countries, rates are already near zero, and, thus, will have limited impact in pushing inflation higher. The only tool left to fight deflation is a falling currency. Currency weakness is being used as a tool to import inflation. Given the relative economic strength of the United States, and the pervasive deflationary pressures almost everywhere else, it is the only currency against which others can depreciate.
No other country is willing or able to accept a stronger currency. China may be the exception, given its need to rebalance its economy, but its currency is not freely convertible and not yet accepted as an alternative to the dollar.
If the dollar is clearly going to strengthen, the next question is, by how much?
As pointed out by HSBC, the average dollar rally has been about 20 per cent, and lasted for almost a year. The rally would also typically fizzle out due to the United States current-account deficit widening to unsustainable levels. Today, the United States current-account deficit has narrowed from over six per cent in 2008 to about two per cent and, given the shale revolution, looks unlikely to worsen in a hurry. Any dollar appreciation will not be stopped by current-account woes. It is also a fact that the dollar itself has weakened about 20 per cent, after the commencement of the two bouts of quantitative easing.
Since the start of the current move, despite all the strong-dollar talk, the trade-weighted dollar has only strengthened by about five per cent. If the typical 20 per cent move is any barometer, there is clearly a long way to go for the greenback. Unconstrained by current-account deficit issues, the dollar could easily overshoot.
If we are entering a period of a much stronger dollar, that has obvious implications for global commodities, emerging-market assets, and even Indian companies and their hedging policies.
A strong dollar has historically been bearish for both commodities and emerging-market assets, and both are likely to come under pressure. India stands out as being a major beneficiary of weakening crude oil and other commodities, and this may further underpin the India bull story.
A gradual weakening of the rupee, entailed by a strengthening dollar, may also impact sectoral choices in equity portfolios. Both software and pharma exporters', as well as other exporters', profitability and relative attractiveness will be enhanced in such a scenario.
Those Indian companies sitting on large piles of unhedged dollar debt need to quickly hedge and not be lulled by the stability of the rupee over the past few months. A strong dollar means a weak rupee. There is no getting away from that. As long as the United States fixed-income markets are stable, we should see no undue pressure on the rupee; but weaken it will, if for no other reason but to maintain its relative value in trade-weighted real terms. The Reserve Bank of India may smoothen the fall, but it will not prevent it.
The writer is at Amansa Capital

Bhupesh Bhandari: Remembering Bharat RamBhupesh Bhandari: Remembering Bharat Ram
Bhupesh Bhandari |  Oct 09, 2014 09:49 PM IST
Five days from today is the birth centenary of Bharat Ram of DCM. Most might remember him as one of the two businessmen - the other one being Har Prasad Nanda of Escorts - whose companies were raided by London-based Swraj Paul in the 1980s. It was India's first hostile takeover attempt, thwarted only when the highest authorities in the land interceded. Members of the Delhi Golf Club would perhaps remember him as the frail man who didn't miss a game till days before he died in 2007. But Bharat Ram was more than that. He was the link between the past and the present, a witness to every phase of modern Indian business: from pre-Independence nationalism to Nehru's socialism and to the liberal present.
His father, Lala Shri Ram, had built DCM (it was called Delhi Cloth & General Mills; Bharat Ram strategically changed it to DCM during the Paul affair - this required the shareholders' consent and the raider had no option but to disclose his stake), north India's first industrial enterprise. They were called the Kotwal family, because Lala Shri Ram's great-grandfather was a kotwal in Delhi during the 1857 mutiny. "The only intelligence that I seem to have displayed was in the choice of my parents," Bharat Ram reminisced at the time of his 70th birthday in 1984.
The family lived in a haveli in a congested lane in walled Delhi. It was still the Delhi of old. The rich travelled in horse-drawn tongas, and sent their sons to courtesans to learn etiquette and Urdu. But Lala Shri Ram sent Bharat Ram to Modern School, then at Daryaganj, and then to St Stephen's, located then at Kashmere Gate. It was an elite college where not everybody could get admission; several of the teachers were English, and many of the Indian teachers were Anglophiles. When the college's principal suggested that Mahatma Gandhi never gave any account of the money collected by the Congress, Bharat Ram and others called a strike. The principal had to defuse the situation by saying that it was never his intention to cast aspersions on Gandhi's integrity.
Bharat Ram joined DCM in 1935. "I was callow enough to feel that DCM was awaiting my arrival with bated breath," Bharat Ram said in his memoirs. Thus, on the appointed day, he entered his father's room with a wide grin on his face and sat on a chair in front of his desk. He got the shock of his life. Lala Shri Ram looked at him sternly, made him get up and said: "Do you know why I asked you to come here?" When Bharat Ram began to fumble for words, he added: "I have called you to tell you that when you are in the office, you are not my son and I am not your father. Go and take your instructions from Khan Sahib (Ahmad Islam Khan, the general manager)." A few months later, Bharat Ram had to face his father's wrath one more time when he reported for duty one hour late. Bharat Ram said he got late because the car wasn't available to bring him to the factory. This enraged Lala Shri Ram. "Do the other workers come in their cars? You could have walked to the mill," he told his son coldly.
Bharat Ram got married to Sheila in 1935. Lala Shri Ram sent them to meet Gandhi to seek his blessings. Gandhi was living in a colony of untouchables in Delhi. When Bharat Ram and Sheila reached, he told the newlyweds: "My thirst for begging is simply unquenchable. I do not mind taking ornaments either." Sheila got the message, took off her gold bangles and handed them over to Gandhi.
This nationalistic streak would long stay with Bharat Ram. In 1941, the imperial government knighted Lala Shri Ram. He became Sir Shri Ram, though he preferred to be called Lala Shri Ram till the end. His knighthood didn't go down well with Bharat Ram, who shot off a long letter of disapproval to his father.
It was customary for the family to feed all their workers at festivals. Whenever he travelled abroad, Lala Shri Ram would return with gifts for workers. He started the practice of nominating a worker to the board of DCM. However, it remained a token gesture - the worker would always be too overawed to speak out at the board meetings. Bharat Ram imbibed this spirit. Once, at a meeting in the DCM factory, a worker said something rude to Lala Shankar Lall, Lala Shri Ram's younger brother. Incensed, Lala Shankar Lall gave him a tight slap. Bharat Ram got up and demanded that he should be slapped by the worker. Of course, the worker never did that. Bharat Ram hobnobbed with the power elite of Delhi but never used his clout to get things done out of turn. In the 1960s, he was denied permission to make tyres. Later, his licence to make nylon tyre cord (under SRF) was cut to a third.
In 1990, the DCM family split after staying together for 90 years as differences had cropped up between Bharat Ram and his younger brother, Charat Ram. (Their eldest brother, Murli Dhar, had died more than 40 years earlier in a plane crash in Pakistan, where the family owned a textile mill at Lyallpur.) But it was done with all decency; there was no mudslinging. The two brothers were actually quite different from each other. Bharat Ram was the public face of DCM and more of a people person, while Charat Ram was a hard-nosed businessman and hands-on administrator.
For his children, Bharat Ram was second to none. After Lala Shri Ram died in 1963, it was proposed that his grandchildren and their progeny would take the surname Shriram. While Murli Dhar and Charat Ram's sons agreed, Bharat Ram's children took the surname Bharatram because they felt their father was no less than Lala Shri Ram.

Shyamal Majumdar: Have you stopped laughingShyamal Majumdar: Have you stopped laughing?
Shyamal Majumdar | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 09:48 PM IST
You have achieved everything to which you had aspired: a super career, great family and many other pleasures of life that money can buy. But think about this - are you laughing less these days? If yes, you have company, as psychologists say today's busy executives are taking their self-importance a bit too seriously. In short, without them realising, laughter is going out of their lives.
If this sounds like a concept that has been rehashed over and over again in a billion self-help books, hold on. A Harvard study found that laughing actually reduces the risk of getting a heart disease by 50 per cent. And people who don't laugh enough are three times as likely to develop health problems as they age.
Sanjay Gupta, a neurosurgeon and host of a popular CNN programme, In Pursuit of Happiness, quotes another study that says "only 8 per cent of heart patients who laughed daily had a second heart attack within a year, compared with 42 per cent of others". In general, laughing strengthens the immune system.
Gupta, who travelled to the world's happiest nation Denmark, for a programme that was aired last week, says Danes laugh more than others for one simple reason: apart from life expectancy, gross domestic product and low corruption, Denmark is a happy country also for things such as "generosity, social support and the freedom to make life choices". In fact, 96 per cent of people there said they know someone they could rely on in times of need. This sense of security helps keep stress levels down, and happiness levels up.
This insight is particularly relevant for people who are at the top professionally and, therefore, mostly lonely at the workplace. By being social and laughing with others, these busybodies can slow down their biological age, living longer, and happier - something that no amount of running on a treadmill facing a wall can give them. For, laughing doesn't just signal happiness, it produces it, as stress hormones decrease and endorphins increase. Endorphins are the same brain chemicals associated with the "runner's high" you get from exercise.
One of the famous brand ambassadors of "laughter is the best medicine" is Norman Cousins, an American journalist, author and professor who laughed his way out of a fatal illness. Cousins' doctor told him in 1964 that he had only a few days to live and had a one in 500 chance of survival. Cousins, however, decided to fight back. Apart from getting Vitamin C injections, he spent a great deal of time watching funny films and laughing. Cousins added 26 years to his life and is the subject of a movie, called Anatomy of Illness.
In his book, Human Options: An Autobiographical Notebook, Cousins wrote, "I made the joyous discovery that 10 minutes of genuine belly laughter had an anaesthetic effect and would give me at least two hours of pain-free sleep."
There is no proof of whether Cousins' claims are true, but medical researchers have found that laughing deceases stress hormones that constrict blood vessels and suppress immune activity. If nothing else, laughter offers a powerful distraction from pain. And the best part is that it doesn't cost anything and has no known negative side effects.
There is also a misconception that laughter has to come naturally if it has to have positive effects. As Mohan Kataria, a medical doctor and founder of the Laughter Club of India, says: "Fake it until you make it". At first, you may feel your smile is fake, but you'll be surprised by how quickly you begin to feel happier when you try to smile even when you're not feeling it. In the early days, Kataria would begin club meetings with jokes to get people laughing, but he soon discovered that by just pretending to laugh or simulating laughter, real laughter would soon follow.
Kataria should know since his club now has 6,000 establishments in over 60 countries. These clubs bring thousands of people together to laugh for 40 minutes each day to belong to a community dedicated to creating more joy in the world.
Kataria's work, captured beautifully by director Mira Nair in an award-winning documentary, explores the power of laughter on people from all walks of life - shopworkers laughing to relieve stress and widows cackling to forget their grief. In the documentary, Kataria says he had a flash of inspiration when he watched his patients' immune systems improving following bouts of laughter.
Kataria, who authored a book, Laugh for No Reason, has conducted his laughter sessions even in maximum-security prisons and at schools for homeless children and the blind. As Albus Dumbledore says in the movie, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, "Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light". What about you?
To get started, here are some questions for the Mr or Mrs CEO. When is the last time you read a book, saw a movie, or had a fun conversation with your family or friends? My own interactions with quite a few of them show most can't even remember when. But thankfully, there are a few exceptions. One of them said she couldn't stop laughing while watching the idiotic scenes in the latest blockbuster in town, Bang Bang.

Dinesh Mohan: Road safety and a bhel puri actDinesh Mohan: Road safety and a bhel puri act
Dinesh Mohan |  Oct 09, 2014 09:47 PM IST
The ministry of road transport and highways has uploaded a draft Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014 (DRTSB) on its website. An accompanying document claims that the vision of the Bill is to "provide a framework for safer, faster, cost effective and inclusive movement of passengers and freight in the country, thus enabling the mission of Make in India" and that the enactment of the Bill is expected to save 200,000 lives in the next five years, increase India's gross domestic product by four per cent and provide one million extra jobs in the country. Nowhere do they explain how they arrived at these numbers. Statements from the ministry also suggested that this Bill incorporates the best evidence-based international road safety policies.
There is no evidence of this. Even worse, the ministry has ignored some of the sensible policies recommended by well-considered reports submitted to it over the past few years - the Report of the Sundar Committee to establish a National Road Safety Board (2007), Report of the Sundar Committee for revising the Motor Vehicle Act (2011), and the most recent National Transport Development Policy Committee's report (2014). A detailed reading of the DRTSB suggests that it is the result of a hasty cut and paste job. The cutting and pasting seems to have been done by many people, some of whom may not be privy to the complexities of the subject.
A sentence in Section 205 of the DRTSB caught my attention. This has to do with the right of way for ambulances that have "oscillating red or blue lights, visible under normal conditions from a distance of five hundred (500) feet to the front of such vehicle; or the driver is given audible signal by siren, exhaust whistle, or bell...." This wording seemed strange in an Indian Act, especially the mention of distance in feet. A quick search revealed that the language in this section is almost the same as that in Section 189.930 of the Kentucky Traffic Regulations in the US. This finding prompted me to put the whole document under an originality review on the internet.
Significant parts of the DRTSB have similarities with provisions in the Road Traffic Act (UK), US Department of Transportation Federal Register and Federal Transit Administration documents, and a host of other sources in India and abroad. Unfortunately, laws and ideas picked from all over the place don't hang together. Somewhat like a bhel puri gone bad where the ingredients and spices are in all the wrong proportions.
This is illustrated best in Schedule III of the document, which specifies penalties for various offences. The fines range from Rs 5,000 to Rs 1,00,000. These amounts are similar to those imposed in many states of the US in equivalent dollars. In some cases, the fines and punishments proposed for India are higher than those prescribed in the US. Almost half the penalties include the possibility of jail terms. This goes against all evidence on the science of deterrence available internationally. A report from the Criminal Justice Policy Group of New Zealand states categorically that, "There must be principled means for adjusting the amount of a fine to take account of both the offender's culpability and his or her resources... Fines cannot be applied to impecunious offenders because either they have such limited ability to meet additional financial obligations that little or nothing will be paid or they will commit more crime to obtain illicit income to pay the fine... (large fines) may punish the families of offenders more than the offender themselves". Therefore, it is not surprising that the fines in the US start at about $100, which is less than one day's wage for a middle-class road user. The vast majority of drivers on Indian roads are two-wheeler riders, taxi, three-wheeler, personal and bus drivers who earn less than Rs 500 per day. The proposed fines are about 10 times higher than what they should be.
The national road safety agency of Netherlands also reports that "Making penalties heavier, as an isolated measure, has been found to have little extra effect... Frequently conducted and very visible traffic checks, which are unpredictable in terms of time and place, bring about the general prevention of traffic violations". Experts from all countries successful in controlling road traffic deaths concur with these findings. The penalties in India will have to be reduced drastically and jail terms made more limited for serious criminal lapses, otherwise the system will be corrupted completely and reporting of accidents discouraged.
This is supported by our own experience. The provision in the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988, regarding drinking and driving prescribes a limit of 0.03 mg/100 ml of alcohol in the blood, whereas the law in the the US is 0.08 mg/100 ml. Similarly, the use of hand-held cell phones is banned in India, but only in 15 of the 50 states in the the US. But, the US is much more successful in reducing its road traffic death rate than we are. What this suggests is that just making strict laws and harsh penalties is not enough. It is the daily visible enforcement of laws on the street that promotes deterrence. For example, in most European countries, more than 250 drivers are stopped for a breath test every day per million population. This means that in a city like Delhi, more than 4,000 drivers should be checked for alcohol everyday for the law to have any effect.
The DRTSB includes the setting up of three new authorities: Motor Vehicle Regulation & Road Safety Authority of India (MVR), National Road Transport and Multi-Modal Co-ordination Authority (NRT), and a Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force (HTRPF). Unfortunately, too many responsibilities and duties have been mixed up for the MVR and NRT. The MVR is responsible for setting safety standards and managing the driving licence and vehicle registrations system in the country. As a matter of principle, a standards-making authority (MVR) with responsibility for research and data analysis should not be in the business of testing and policing since it is likely to get corrupted and come under undesirable pressures for conformity. The NRT is given the responsibility for managing public and goods transport in a country, including monitoring of BRT and urban transport issues in a very centralised manner. The authorities are expected to work by appointing temporary committees for each topic. This will not work at all since our current experience suggests that working by committees results in half-baked recommendations.
A professional agency must have its own cadre of professional employees working under similar contracts as agencies like the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research. This is essential, as standard-making bodies must make recommendations, enact policies or support legislation ensuring that the measures are proven effective and backed by sound research. The Sundar Committee had proposed that one per cent of the revenue from the cess on diesel and gasoline allocated for national highways be credited to the Road Safety and Traffic Management Fund annually, for the functioning of the National Road Safety And Traffic Management Board. This item has been deleted and must be restored.
The proposed Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014 is too full of flaws to be introduced in Parliament right away. The ministry should consider replacing the MVR with the revised National Road Safety And Traffic Management Board Bill, 2010, and then holding consultations to include the remaining provisions of MVR in a revised NRT.
This is too important a Bill to be passed in such a great hurry when not enough effort has gone into ensuring that it will be effective in reducing the horrific death toll on our roads.
The writer is Professor Emeritus at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
These views are personal

JEAN PIERRE MULLER / AFP - Getty Imagesjean pierre muller / afp - getty images
PM  Jaitley talk tough on Pak as India hits back hardPM  Jaitley talk tough on Pak as India hits back hard
US stocks surrender Fed-induced gains© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sunanda death due to poisoning  doctors say in fresh reportComments
The Delhi Police have been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following two fresh forensic reports that point to the presence of poison in her viscera and also say that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal.
The Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS have submitted their reports to the police with a request that the case be re-opened, highly placed police sources told HT on Thursday.
However, senior officers privy to the “informal communication” said both reports were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture” and that they were yet to take a call on their course of action.
Who's lying on Sunanda autopsy: AIIMS or doc?
The FSL wrote to the police first, around 20 days ago, the sources said. “The communication was mainly based on an analysis of Pushkar’s viscera,” said a senior police officer. “According to FSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning.”
Opinion of the medical board from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/HJkHI7pIzq
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
List of undetectable poisons from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/aUrhto2dnT
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
The FSL is also understood to have written to AIIMS, which then conducted its own examination of the viscera and forwarded a 12-page report to the police. AIIMS confirmed it had sent a report to the police but refused to go into details.
“The AIIMS report just reiterated the results forwarded to us by FSL. All it said was that Pushkar could not have died of an Alprax overdose,” said an officer, adding, “At the same time, both communications failed to specify the nature of poison that they claimed led to her death.”
Sunanda Pushkar's death: Tharoor demands speedy probe to end speculation
 
Pushkar, 52, was found dead in her suite at the Leela Palace hotel on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with a Pakistani journalist over the latter’s alleged affair with her husband, former Union minister Shashi Tharoor.
In July, Tharoor had sought a speedy inquiry for a “clear and definitive conclusion” to the death of his wife in the wake of reported claims by a senior forensic doctor at AIIMS that he was pressured to manipulate the autopsy report.
Medical board questions police investigation in 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/BSZueTwBDR

Jayalalithaa moves SC for bail; cites ill healthJayalalithaa moves SC for bail on medical grounds
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 18:14 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:08 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday moved the Supreme Court for bail on medical grounds saying her health condition did not permit her to remain in jail for long.
The Karnataka high court had on October 7 declined bail to AIADMK supremo who is facing a four-year jail term in a corruption case. She has sought an urgent hearing before the SC and her bail plea is likely to be mentioned on Friday.
Sources said a battery of senior advocates including Harish Salve and KK Venugopal may appear for her before the top court. Her counsel before the HC, senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani would continue to represent her.  
Jayalalithaa (66) is in jail for 12 days. She had said as chief minister she did not misuse her powers in this case. The former CM also cited grounds of being senior citizen and a woman for getting out of jail.
She has sought bail on grounds of parity too, citing the SC order granting bail to former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad.
Furthermore, Jayalalitha said she cannot be kept in jail indefinitely as her appeal proceedings in the HC would take a long time.
She denied misusing her powers as the Chief Minister and found fault with the trial court conviction order saying it had ignored the true facts of the case. Besides punishment, she was also slapped a fine of Rs. 100 crore on the AIADMK chief and Rs. 10 crore fine each on the three other accused.
Jayalalitha was convicted of using the first of her three terms as Tamil Nadu CM to accumulate wealth. Her arrest had provoked AIADMK supporters who went into mass mourning and resorted to violent street demonstrations.
Her successor, TN CM O Panneerselvam urged the people to maintain calm. “The best way to show your love for Jayalalithaa is to stay calm,” said Panneerselvam.
The HC sentence forced Jayalalitha to step down as chief minister. This in due to a landmark SC ruling that ousts convicted law-makers from office.

Stocks that are dragging markets lowerThe stocks dragging the market into quicksand
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 2:23 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
USA TODAY
It’s another ugly day for markets — with stocks down nearly 2%. But the real pain is being centered on a group of stocks that have toppled 15% since the market’s slide began.
The market’s fast eroding quicksand is starting to get slippery — the Standard & Poor’s 500 is down nearly 4% since this year’s Sept. 18 high. But that’s nothing compared to the pain experienced by 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more during that same period, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Stocks including Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , First Solar (FSLR) and Gap (GPS) are down 15% or more since the market’s peak. These stocks are already in a correction and perhaps headed to a full-fledged bear.
It’s turning into a rough period especially for energy stocks. Energy stocks account for 61% of the stocks down 15% or more since the peak.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY via Microsoft Excel
The hardest hit stock is Chesapeake Energy, down 21% since Sept. 18. Falling oil prices and concern about the global economic isn’t bullish for energy:
Another big loser is E-Trade (ETFC) . But that’s to be expected. The online broker is one of the stocks that crashes hard when the market runs into trouble .
Below are the 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more since the market peaked on Sept. 18:
Company

Poland to Honor Wikipedia With MonumentKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Investor Icahn sees stock market correction coming: CNBCInvestor Icahn sees stock market correction coming: CNBC
Irani accepts NCERT directors resignationPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:06 am
The HRD Ministry has accepted the resignation of NCERT Director Parvin Sinclair and forwarded it to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet for further action, with the latter expected to clear the resignation soon.
Sinclair had resigned earlier this week after the ministry instituted a probe against her for alleged financial irregularities. Sinclair has had a running battle with the ministry under this government after she decided to initiate a review of the curriculum in the first week of May, before the new government could take charge. A panel of experts had been constituted for this.
Sources confirmed that HRD Minister Smriti Irani accepted the resignation. Sources claim her exit would impact the process of curriculum revision, with changes likely in the expert panel.

Facts not disclosed to poll panel: BJPPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:05 am
Despite the Election Commission’s rejection of its complaint against the Haryana government on Robert Vadra’s land deal, the BJP Thursday tried to keep the controversy alive with Union minister and senior leader Ravi Shankar Prasad accusing the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government of not presenting full facts of the case before the poll panel.
“I am constrained to observe that in view of the highly suspicious circumstances a very legitimate conclusion can be drawn that all the facts perhaps they have not disclosed to the Election Commission,” the Law Minister told reporters.
He said no one could justify that a Rs 7.5 crore land could turn into a Rs 58 crore deal within a few months. He alleged that Vadra’s company, Skylite Hospitality, had not only sold the land but also the licence for developing a colony granted to it by the state government. “Haryana government knew that they are losing out and that is why they tried to validate this land deal. But truth has an uncanny habit of appearing and reappearing, at times with conclusive evidence,” he said, reading out letters of the Haryana Financial Commissioner to EC and that of Gurgaon Deputy Commissioner on July 16. He also charged Haryana government of “speaking in two voices” on ownership of Vadra’s land.
Congress wants Modi apology
NEW DELHI: With the Election Commission ruling out violation of the model code of conduct in the land deal between Robert Vadra and DLF, the Congress on Thursday demanded an apology from PM Narendra Modi for raising the issue at a poll rally. “The BJP has egg on its face after the EC’s order. Narendra Modi, being the PM of the country, gave a very irresponsible statement and made allegations against Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda. Modi should apologise to Hooda,” senior Congress leader Anand Sharma said. He said Modi was “embarrassing” the post of the PM by repeatedly making “false allegations”. ENS

What s driving the selloffwhat s driving the selloff
Global growth concerns trigger Wall Street selloffS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

FIPB may approve HDFC Bank s current holding structureFIPB may approve HDFC Bank s current holding structure
More entrepreneurs  but few are looking to hire staffMore entrepreneurs – but few are looking to hire staff
By Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f6bd754-1bdf-11e4-9db1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NAB  just a little more time© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/544257ba-baee-11e3-948c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Challenger banks rise in UK prominence‘Challenger banks’ in UK tap into revival of investor interest
By Martin Arnold and Sharlene Goff
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/000af988-aebc-11e3-a088-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sime Darby makes 1.1bn palm oil bidSime Darby makes £1.1bn bid for New Britain Palm Oil
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d243edc-4f50-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Palm oil producers face perfect stormPalm oil producers face perfect storm
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec66a358-331f-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Traders face brunt of palm oil concernsTraders face brunt of environmental push on palm oil
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9557c97e-ec9e-11e3-8963-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

6 Timeless Fashion Tips to Make Your Old Clothes Look NewKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Billionaire divorcing his wife doesn t want kids...Billionaire divorcing his wife doesn't want kids moved to NYC
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Ken Griffin and Anne Dias Griffin.
Ken Griffin and Anne Dias Griffin. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
By Becky Yerak, Tribune reporter
Ken Griffin Divorce Marriage Finance Weddings
Billionaire Ken Griffin defends prenup
Chicago billionaire Ken Griffin, who in July filed for divorce from his money-manager wife, said he doesn't want his children moved to New York and defended the prenuptial agreement that she is seeking to have invalidated.
Of the prenuptial agreement, Griffin said in filings made Thursday in Cook County Circuit Court said that Anne Dias Griffin "actively negotiated with the assistance of three distinguished law firms and that granted her tens of millions of dollars, making her financially secure for life from the moment she said 'I do.'"
Meanwhile, Dias Griffin also petitioned the court on Thursday for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction "to maintain the status quo."
Caption Eric Lefkofsky, $1.55 billion
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S.
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Mark Walter, $1.75 billion
Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall.
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall. (Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times)
Caption Jennifer Prtizker, $1.8 billion
Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S.
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S. (Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Mansueto, $2 billion
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois.
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods.
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America.
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
The richest people in Illinois
Seventeen Illinoisans made the latest Forbes 400 list of the nation's richest people. Four out of the Illinois 17 are women and five are members of Chicago's famous family, the Pritzkers.
The richest people in Illinois
Seventeen Illinoisans made the latest Forbes 400 list of the nation's richest people. Four out of the Illinois 17 are women and five are members of Chicago's famous family, the Pritzkers.
In September, Dias Griffin asked the court to declare their prenuptial agreement invalid. She had said that Griffin, who founded and oversees hedge fund Citadel, didn't provide her with a copy of the premarital agreement until shortly before their July 19, 2003, wedding, and she was coerced into signing it three hours before their wedding rehearsal dinner. Dias Griffin, who is also seeking sole custody of the couple's three children with "reasonable visitation" for Griffin, had said the premarital agreement would deprive her of rights "potentially worth billions of dollars" and leave her an estate worth about 1 percent of Griffin's net worth. She wanted to move with the children to New York City, where she founded and was managing partner of hedge fund Aragon Global.

Loyal users key for Snapchat and TwitterLoyal users key to Snapchat and Twitter fortunes
By Richard Waters
Popular new networks could rob established players of vitality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/097ad3ee-185c-11e4-a82d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Degrading of Number 10s tech connectionDegrading of Number 10’s tech connection
By Elizabeth Rigby, Murad Ahmed and Richard Waters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f9ad00e-4b0f-11e4-b1be-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Companies That Give Health Care to Part-Time EmployeesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Millennials: Colleen Baader  Rieke Office InteriorsMillennials: Colleen Baader, Rieke Office Interiors
Millennials: Colleen Baader, Rieke Office Interiors
Colleen Baader, creative director at Rieke Office Interiors, on how CEOs can "engage the millennial workforce."
Colleen Baader, creative director at Rieke Office Interiors, on how CEOs can "engage the millennial workforce."

Infosys bids farewell to Kris GopalakrishnanUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:40 IST
Infosys bids farewell to Kris Gopalakrishnan
Staff Reporter
The Hindu A file picture of Infosys founder N.R. Narayana Murthy and Co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan who have demitted office on Wednesday. Photo: M.A. Sriram.
TOPICS
software
Bangalore-based IT services major Infosys, on Wednesday, bid adieu to Kris Gopalakrishnan, the last among the group of founders who set up the IT major around 33 years ago. The company also gave farewell to Narayana Murthy, who will be stepping down as the non-Executive Chairman of the company.
Mr. Murthy and Mr. Gopalakrishnan stepped down as Executive Chairman and Executive Vice-Chairman, respectively, on June 14. However, they continue on the board till October 10 as non-Executive Chairman and non-Executive Vice-Chairman, respectively.
Infosys was founded jointly by Mr. Murthy and six others in 1981. The farewell day saw the coming together of the entire founding team, including Nandan Nilekani, S. D. Shibulal, K. Dinesh and N. S. Raghavan. One of the founders, Ashok Arora, who left the company quite early, was not present at the farewell event. After the resignation of Mr. Nilekani from the company in 2007, Mr. Gopalakrishnan was made the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. He was then made Executive Vice-Chairman in 2013. Mr. Gopalakrishnan is the last founder to leave Infosys, and with his retirement, the company is headed by the first non-founder, Vishal Sikka, who took over as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Infosys on August 1.
Speaking to media persons at the farewell event, Mr. Gopalakrishnan said, “Infosys was founded and run by professionals. Now, there is a transition happening in the company. One set of professionals is being replaced by another set.”
When asked about his future plans, he said, “Politics is not my cup of tea. I would like to focus on research and education, and will also work to help start-up ecosystem.”
Describing his journey at Infosys as experiment of his beliefs, Mr. Murthy, designated as Chairman Emeritus, said, “Societies can solve the problem of poverty only through creation of jobs and compassionate capitalism. The success of Infosys is the result of the experiment of middle-class to build a world-class software services company.” Further, Mr. Murthy also said that, “I have no regret over my tenure in the company. The best moment in my life is when Infosys became the first company to get listed on Nasdaq.” Infosys founders also said that they had the satisfaction of creating considerable amount of wealth for every stakeholder. The company had a market value of Rs.28.50 crore on the day of listing in India in 1993, and reached to Rs.2 lakh crore now.

Short View: US equitiesOctober 8, 2014 8:47 pm
Seven years on the lean times may not be over
By James Mackintosh
Apart from the US, stocks elsewhere have had a dismal seven years
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a59a5c8-4f03-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Review: Crazy is a Compliment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e092622-4e3a-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Michael Skapinker: the Rooney RuleBusinesses should adopt US football’s Rooney Rule
By Michael Skapinker
Companies do not have to be racist or sexist to end up with white men but may just be playing safe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48a31924-4e0c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FT Data: Chinas Leap ForwardAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Obamacare Officials Swear Website Will Work This Time AroundObamacare Officials Swear Website Will Work This Time Around
Posted:
Updated:
10/08/2014  6:59 pm EDT
Would you buy health insurance from this man? Enrollment into health coverage via the insurance exchanges created by President Barack Obama's health care reform law begins again next month. | AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster
reddit
HealthCare.gov will be easier to use when Obamacare enrollment starts back up next month -- and not just because the website actually works now, senior health care officials told reporters Wednesday.
The biggest change: the application for insurance is now much more simple. Last year, the application was 76 pages long. This year there will be as few as 16 pages, said Andy Slavitt, principal deputy administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency that oversees HealthCare.gov .
"The core things that the website needs to do -- getting information where it needs to go, getting people where they need to go, getting people paid -- all that stuff is working fine," said Slavitt, who worked on the HealthCare.gov rescue effort last year as a UnitedHealth Group executive and joined the agency in June.
The enrollment period on HealthCare.gov, the online gateway to Obamacare's health insurance exchanges in more than 30 states , begins on November 15 and runs through February 15.
Strong memories linger of the calamitous debut of HealthCare.gov on Oct. 1, 2013, when the balky system couldn't function, and worked very poorly for two months before a desperate overhaul by federal officials got the website working well enough to enroll more than 8 million customers by early April .
In addition to enduring a technological disaster that nearly derailed President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, users complained of slow performance and a confusing system that required them to re-enter the same information over and over again and frequently lost data they'd already inputted. Now, the website will save information like names and income when it's entered and not ask for it again. You'll even be able to use the "back" buttons on their browsers like on any normal website, a basic function that wasn't available last time around.
Then-Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and other senior administration officials made similar declarations shortly before HealthCare.gov flopped last year.
It's going to be different this time , Slavitt said. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and its contractors have been testing the website and its backend more vigorously and for longer than they did last year, he said. Full testing of the system began Tuesday , which includes linking the system to health insurance companies, he said. Those tests will run for more than five weeks, compared to just 10 days of the same testing before last October, he said. After the fact, administration officials and the private contractors cited inadequate testing as a big reason the website didn't work, and why they were caught off guard when it didn't.
In a possibly telling contrast to the state of HealthCare.gov a year ago, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services officials demonstrated the new application using the actual website Wednesday. Last September, Sebelius and her deputies had only a mock-up to show only a day before enrollment began.
By the time the new enrollment period starts next month, HealthCare.gov will be able to handle more users at a time than on its busiest day from the first sign-up period, March 31, when simultaneous visitors peaked at 125,000, Slavitt said. Slavitt wouldn't speculate what the total capacity would be.
One key difference between this year's assurances and last year's is that HealthCare.gov already exists and already has enrolled millions of people. Since July, more than 20,000 people have signed up using the new application, Slavitt said. Outside the annual enrollment period, people are permitted to use the health insurance exchanges if their life circumstances change, like if they get married or lose job-based health benefits.
About 70 percent of HealthCare.gov applicants will use the simplified application when yearly sign-ups begin next month, Slavitt said. The remainder are people whose household situations require them to answer additional questions. Examples could include families where a child qualifies for the federal-state Children's Health Insurance Program while the parents are eligible for subsidized private insurance, or families with mixed immigration status.
Not that HealthCare.gov is about to rival Amazon.com or other commercial websites. It'll still be impossible to search health plans by what doctors they include or what drugs they cover , so consumers will have to seek that information from the insurance companies instead.
The enrollment period for 2015 health insurance begins in just over a month, and the challenges are significant well beyond the website.
There are more than 7 million current paid enrollees in private health plans who must re-enroll. Even though these customers will automatically see their current plans extended, if still available, many consumers will find better deals if they shop around because prices for health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges will vary greatly. Nationwide, the average increase will be 6 percent , but also will range from a 22% decrease to a 35% increase, according to data compiled by the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Congressional Budget Office projects 13 million people will have health insurance obtained via an exchange next year .
See a slideshow demonstration of the new application process on HealthCare.gov
HealthCare.gov Streamlined For New Sign-Ups
More:

Lawsuit highlights China biodiesel issuesLawsuit puts China biodiesel policy in spotlight
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/613ee6b0-494e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Good time to invest in India: RajanPTI RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
‘It is a good time to invest in Indian economy’
Underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has stressed that the ‘time to deliver begins now’ and there is political will to undertake reforms and improve India’s economic growth.
“Financial reform is not difficult - we have the political will to improve,” the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI Governor as saying during an event on Wednesday.
“Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables,” another tweet quoting Dr. Rajan said.
The head of India’s central bank addressed a select gathering of prominent and influential Indian-American businessmen from the finance and investment banking sector at an event organised by the Consulate General in collaboration with the India-America Chamber of Commerce.
Outlining the major areas that require change and immediate implementation, Dr. Rajan said it was a good time to invest in the Indian economy now.
Developing infrastructure, improving quality of human capital, optimum regulation for good business and extensive financial sector reform should be the next steps for improvement and development of the Indian economy, according a press statement issued by the Consulate.
Dr. Rajan encouraged the Indian-American business community to get involved in the “nitty-gritty of the implementation process,” saying such involvement was not difficult especially since the Indian government had the political will to reform.
“Over the years, India has outgrown its institutions,” Dr. Rajan was quoted as saying in the statement. “Such institutions only worked well when we had the practice of resource allocation, which was a source of revenue. This was a time when coal could be extracted from the ground with your bare hands.” Dr. Rajan said the Indian economy can no longer work with this model, adding that just as there were drastic democratic changes that reacted to the economic slump in the past decade, institutions also had reacted.
He emphasised on the need to convert talk about change into delivering and implementing reforms, the press statement said.
Making crucial recommendations to creating a more investment-friendly market in India, Dr. Rajan said stalled projects needed to get back on track and “clearance should be from capital and on ground.”

Team Modi will be made to bite the dust: Uddhav ThackerayTeam Modi will be made to bite the dust: Uddhav Thackeray
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 12:33 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have been in the line of fire of Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. In an interview with Sanjay Jog, he spoke about BJP's decision to walk out of the 25-year-old alliance with his party, and a host of other issues. Edited excerpts:
You have been attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi for playing divisive politics. However, Modi has said Maharashtra and Mumbai won’t be divided.
Modi and his ministers are campaigning in Maharashtra and are conspiring to divide the state. The Shiv Sena is committed to united Maharashtra. Modi has now clarified that no one can break Maharashtra while he’s in power. However, state BJP leaders, including Devendra Fadnavis, have been reiterating the party’s support to the demand for Vidarbha statehood. I have been appealing to voters not to succumb to Modi’s development talk, as BJP is here to divide the state.
Why are you equating Modi and his team of ministers with the army of Bijapur general Afzal Khan?
What I meant was Modi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and several BJP chief ministers have come to campaign in the state. It is similar to the situation when Afzal Khan had come to defeat Chhatrapati Shivaji. But I won’t compare myself to the Maratha king. The people of Maharashtra will not tolerate such attempts. They (the Team Modi) will be made to bite the dust. BJP is making strong claim about a ‘Modi wave’ in the state. If that is the case, why does Modi hold so many rallies in the state? He could have urged Maharashtrians to vote for the party while sitting in New Delhi.
You have been alleging BJP has betrayed you.
BJP has backstabbed the late Bal Thackeray. The Shiv Sena stood by BJP for 25 years. It has not only betrayed the Sena but other allies, too. How can the Shiv Sena trust BJP? The alliance was on the issue of Hindutva. BJP is now moving away from Hindutva. Shiv Sena stands for Hindutva. During the Lok Sabha elections, we asked people to vote for Modi. It is unfortunate that he is today not asking for votes for the Shiv Sena. It is strange that before the Lok Sabha polls, BJP got close to allies but later decided it did not need them.
Despite the split in the alliance, Sena minister Anant Geete has not resigned from the Union government.  When will he resign? Will you break your ties with BJP in the coming civic and local body polls, too?
The Sena will not back out from the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) unilaterally. We were at the forefront (of the campaign to bring) the BJP-led NDA to power at the Centre. Quitting the government won’t solve the matter.
BJP says had Bal Thackeray been there the alliance would have survived?
Modi says that he will not attack the Sena in his speeches as he has respect for Balasaheb Thackeray. We too respect the PM. But when you backstabbed us merely on the issue of seat sharing, where did that respect disappear then? Did you not think of Balasaheb before breaking the alliance forged on the principles of Hindutva?
Where did the respect vanish when the 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance, a well-knit and strong partnership nurtured by Balasaheb, ended only on the issue of sharing of seats?
BJP has criticised you and Shiv Sena for sparing Congress & NCP and instead attacking it. What is your take in this regard?
It is not true. In my speech Congress and NCP are attacked for looting Maharashtra during their 15-year rule.
If there will be a fractured mandate, Nitin Gadkari has said that BJP will tie up with Sena to form the government. Does Shiv Sena strike post-poll alliance with BJP or sit in opposition or tie up with NCP?
I want to make it clear that there won't be any post-poll alliance  with the BJP. Shiv Sena is contesting 286 of the total 288 seats and is quite confident of forming the government. If BJP was so keen to be with Sena, why did they break the alliance?
You and Raj Thackeray recently talked over phone and the news broke about a post-poll alliance. Will it be a reality?
I do not think such a situation will arise. Shiv Sena will form the government on its own and I do not think Raj's help will be needed.

Australia unemployment risesAustralia unemployment rises as stats office casts aside volatile data
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bef59db8-4f60-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi govt to consider if tax payers should be out of PDS: PaswanNarendra Modi govt to consider if tax payers should be out of PDS: Paswan
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 16:40  IST
Oct 09 2014, 16:40  IST
 

Business Optimism Index rises over 2% for Q4 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rahul Gandhi says Narendra Modi working for US firms  industrialists; caused cancer medicines  prices to soar from Rs 8 000 to Rs 100 000Home
Miscellaneous
Rahul Gandhi says Narendra Modi working for US firms, industrialists; caused cancer medicines' prices to soar from Rs 8,000 to Rs 100,000
PTI | Firozpur Jhirka (Har) | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 18:32  IST
Oct 09 2014, 18:32  IST
 

Gold extends gains on firm demand  silver also risesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp: FB | Zuckerberg looks to work with ModiFacebook
(Facebook Chief Executive…)
NEW DELHI: World's largest social networking site Facebook today said it has no near-term plan to monetise messaging app service WhatsApp, which it acquired earlier this year for $19 billion.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg , who is in India for the Internet.org Summit , said the company is focusing on getting more people to use the service.
"Over the long term, I think there are pretty clear models for building products around messaging products. You can see that through examples like some of the Chinese messaging products like Tencent . Wechat has been very successful.
"We have different ideas about what we can do but for the near future, I mean the next few years, we are really focused on connecting more people, to get them to use our service," Zuckerberg said.
WhatsApp has over 600 million using the service every month. It works across different types of phones without advertising. The app charges 99 cents as an annual subscription fee, which is waived off for the first year.
According to reports, Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen by an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
In February this year, Facebook announced its largest-ever acquisition with the transaction involving $12 billion worth of Facebook shares, $4 billion in cash and $3 billion in restricted stock units.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nine airports to have e-visa facility this m...Electronic Travel Authorisation
(The authorisation facility…)
NEW DELHI: In a move to boost tourism, nine airports equipped with e-visa facilities will be operational for 13 countries including USA and South Korea and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to launch it this month.
In order to give a major boost to tourism in India, the facility of Electronic Travel Authorisation (e-Visa) would be introduced at nine airports in the country where necessary infrastructure are being put in place, sources in government said.
The authorisation facility would be operational at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Goa, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Trivandrum and Kochi airports in the first phase and will be extended to other airports later.
The date of its launch will be decided shortly, they said. In the 2014-15 Union Budget , Finance Minister Arun Jaitley acknowledged the importance of tourism as a major job creator and announced the government's intention to relax the existing visa regime.
Besides tourists from USA and South Korea, visitors from all 11 countries which have been given visa on arrival facility are being covered under the e-visa scheme.
Currently visa-on-arrival facility is extended to Japan, Singapore, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Indonesia, Finland, Myanmar, Vietnam, Cambodia, Luxembourg and Laos.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No decision taken on disinvestment of HZLArun Jaitley
(The SC was told that the proposed…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre today informed the Supreme Court that no decision has been taken yet on the proposed disinvestment of government stake in Hindustan Zinc Ltd as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was indisposed in the last few days.
A bench headed by Justice J S Khehar, which also wanted to know about the status of CBI probe into HZL which happened during the previous NDA regime in 2002, was told that the proposed disinvestment of government's stake in the PSU is unlikely to happen in the coming two to three months.
The Centre's submission was made through Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta , who was also asked to give specific timeframe within which the preliminary probe into the sale of HZL to Vedanta-promoted Sterlite Opportunities and Ventures Ltd in 2002-03 would be finalised.
The bench posted the next date of hearing for October 14. The court was hearing a PIL filed by the National Confederation of Officers' Associations of Central Public Sector Undertakings challenging the proposed disinvestment saying the decision is "irrational, illogical, illegal, unreasonable, mala fide and arbitrary".
The Association sought a direction to restrain the Centre from going ahead with disinvestment till the case is pending.
The ASG opposed the plea saying the issue was still at preliminary stages and a final decision was anyway not possible in two to three months.
CBI had earlier informed the court that the agency had registered a preliminary investigation into the sale of a part of the government's share in the PSU to the Vedanta's subsidiary in 2002-03, but a final call whether to file a regular case or close the case was pending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Dark Side Of Eric Holder s LegacyThe Dark Side Of Eric Holder's Legacy
Posted:
reddit
An effective way to burnish your legacy as a public servant to is to rebut your critics before you’ve even left office. Eric Holder seems to be trying to do just that: negotiating multi-billion dollar bank settlements at a rapid pace, and promising tough action in interest rate and currency manipulation cases.
This, Holder seems to hope, will counter the standard argument that his inability to bring a single criminal case against an executive in connection to the financial crisis is, most charitably, hard to fathom .
But Holder's legacy of failure goes even deeper than that: What's more bizarre is his additional failure to adequately prosecute ubiquitous, run-of-the-mill mortgage fraud. Holder failed to land a single big charge against a high-level executive, but he also failed to strike back at the many smaller-bore prosecution opportunities the housing crisis left at his feet.
The Justice Department’s own audit of Holder-era mortgage investigations and prosecutions, released in March , is damning. Outwardly, the Justice Department declared mortgage fraud to be important. But, the report found, the department “did not uniformly ensure that mortgage fraud was prioritized at a level commensurate with its public statements.”
Record-keeping on mortgage cases was so poor that the “Department of Justice could not provide readily verifiable data related to its criminal and civil enforcement efforts.” FBI data that the auditors could make sense of showed that mortgage-fraud cases actually fell each year after the crisis. In 2009, the department opened 1,771 cases. In 2010, the number was 1,174. In 2011, it had fallen to 599.
In a speech at New York University in September, Holder said that, in fact, "the Justice Department has also taken aggressive action, nearly doubling the number of mortgage fraud indictments and criminal convictions between 2009 and 2010, then increasing them even further the following year."
FBI data in the audit show that in 2009, there were 555 mortgage fraud convictions, 1,087 in 2010, and 1,118 in 2011. With the context of the number of new cases opened, what these conviction numbers show are cases working their way through the courts. They are not proof of a increasing, or even sustained, focus on mortgage fraud prosecution.
A thousand convictions per year may sound like a lot, but consider the size of the pre-crisis mortgage market and the large role shady mortgage originators played in it. In 2007, Countrywide Financial alone originated $408 billion in mortgages and serviced 9 million individual mortgages worth a total of $1.5 trillion. This is the same company that failed to send the actual mortgages it originated to the people pooling them into securities, an incredible failure to perform their basic responsibilities. $600 billion in pay option adjustable rate mortgages – widely sold to people who couldn't handle them – were issued industrywide from 2005 to 2007.
When the Justice Department did release data on its own, it could be glaringly misleading. Big splashy numbers thrown around in press conferences to announce enforcement actions often shrank in reality. Here’s a chart put together by the Justice Department's Inspector General showing the announced results of one enforcement program, compared to what it actually achieved:
Under Holder’s reign, there has been an increase in the number of cases brought against non-U.S. banks for things like money laundering for drug dealers and illegally doing business with Iran . But that’s about pursuing State Department aims, not redressing wrongs that contributed to the financial crisis. They are about bank regulation as a tool to conduct U.S. foreign policy.
Similarly, the cases against big banks for manipulating Libor, a key global interest rate benchmark, do include U.S. banks, but tilt mainly against foreign institutions. And Libor manipulation, like banking Iran, has nothing to do with the mortgage crisis.
When it came to prosecuting the mortgage crisis, Holder missed the big targets, and countless smaller ones as well.
More:

Hazmat suit maker s stock up 65% on Ebola fearsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 9, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock market was tanking again Thursday . But one tiny company was escaping the carnage. And that's an understatement.
Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a maker of hazmat suits with sealed seaming, soared more than 50% due to growing Ebola fears.
The stock is up 160% so far this month. The trading volume has been, to put it mildly, insane. More than 47 million shares exchanged hands Thursday. The average daily volume for the stock over the past three months is just 616,000 shares.
So investors (or more likely traders) thinking about buying now need to be extremely careful.
Troubling fundamentals: Lakeland is not profitable. It lost $384,000 in the second quarter, mostly due to problems with a subsidiary in Brazil. The company's sales were down slightly in the second quarter as well.
No analysts at a major investment bank follow the company, which has a market value of less than $100 million.
Several mutual funds and hedge funds focusing on so-called microcap stocks are invested in Lakeland.
But these institutions -- the so-called smart money on Wall Street -- collectively own less than 30% of Lakeland's stock, according to FactSet Research. Compare that to some of the bigger companies in the market. Institutions own more than half the shares of blue chips like Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), GE ( GE ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM ).
Brian Rafn, director of research with Morgan Dempsey Capital Management, which owns about 355,000 shares of Lakeland, said his firm has been an investor in the stock for about eight years. It makes up about 1% of its portfolio. Rafn said the firm has not increased that percentage during the recent surge -- but it has not been selling any shares either.
Rafn conceded that the stock will be very volatile over the short term. But he likes it because it has a steady core business of supplying protective suits to oil workers and fire departments.
He said the recent spike on Ebola worries makes Lakeland a "Jack Bauer stock," a reference to the terrorist fighting hero on the Fox show "24."
Will Lakeland actually benefit from stronger demand? Still, it's not clear just how much Lakeland will really benefit from increased demand for protective gear. Lakeland said in a mid-September statement that it was increasing manufacturing capacity for its hazmat suits and added that the U.S. State Department put out a bid for 160,000 suits.
Some traders may have misinterpreted that to mean that Lakeland had received an order for 160,000 suits. But that's not what the news release says. And the Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based company has turned down numerous requests from CNN for comment.
A spokesperson for the State Department told CNN that it was aiming to supply 130,000 (not 160,000) sets of hazmat suits and other personal protective equipment (PPE) in the coming weeks. The State Department added that it was getting supplies from "multiple locations around the world, and there are many suppliers."
Lakeland also cited reports that claimed there was a short supply of hazmat suits. The company touted that it had "appropriately qualified and certified suits, ample manufacturing capacity, and numerous distribution points to supply these garments."
But there may no longer be a supply shortage of hazmat suits. A spokesperson for the World Health Organization told CNN earlier this week that it "has purchased additional PPE in the last months and is still doing so in addition to a close monitoring of the supply pipeline with main partners."
Lakeland also faces stiff competition from much larger companies that make protective gear, including DuPont ( DD ), Honeywell ( HON ) and Kimberly-Clark ( KMB ).
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
Investors have been making speculative bets on several smaller drugmakers, most notably Tekmira ( TKMR ) and Chimerix ( CMRX ), that are working on Ebola treatments. But Lakeland may be the riskiest Ebola investment of them all.
CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel contributed to this report.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported the second quarter loss for Lakeland Industries.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 2:32 PM ET
Most Popular

How one African country beat EbolaEbola
October 9, 2014
At least one African country has been able to fight back against Ebola: Nigeria, West Africa’s largest and most developed nation, has set the tone for a successful public health response to the frightening and often-misunderstood disease.
Faisal Shuaib is a Nigerian physician and public health expert who works for the Nigerian health ministry as the deputy incident manager of the country’s polio eradication program. When the Ebola outbreak in the region became a pressing issue, the Foundation decided to shift resources to combat that disease—a somewhat surprising decision, given the global philanthropy’s focus on illnesses that affect a much broader population over the long term. But after public health experts told Gates Foundation CEO Susan Desmond-Hellman, herself a public health expert with experience in Africa, that this outbreak was different and frightening, the organization moved $50 million, literally overnight, to support an anti-Ebola campaign.
Shuaib talked to Quartz this week about his work in Nigeria and how to prevent this crisis from becoming a pandemic.
When did you know Ebola was going to be a serious threat?
It must have been right around March, when they continued to have cases and there seemed to be community-level transmission that was going on. That was the point when WHO escalated the problem to a global level. Knowing that the virus is very infectious, getting to community level, I knew we would be here for a long time. A place like Lagos, the commercial heart center of Nigeria, if we were to have widespread outbreaks, it would rapidly move out to other parts of the country that do not have the resources that Lagos has to combat such an outbreak.
The moment the case from Liberia was diagnosed, and our government declared a public health emergency, I knew in my mind, given the lists of contacts that this individual had at the airport and the health facility, we potentially had an explosive outbreak in the making. Every other thing has to take a backseat.
What were you afraid of?
Clearly, we had learned in the past about the aggressive transmission that takes place, with Ebola outbreaks in Uganda. Looking at the trajectory of the outbreak in West Africa, this is an outbreak that could quickly overwhelm a health system. By the time we had a case in Nigeria with several potential contacts it became clear that if we did not act rapidly, the whole system could be overwhelmed and even the gains we had achieved with polio eradication would be quickly reversed. This is what has happened in other West African countries. The kind of effort that is being scaled up right now is commendable, but it is still clearly behind the curve, it is still too slow.
Talk about how Nigeria responded.
A war-like approach is devised; the federal government leads the Emergency Operations Center, but working with international development agencies like the WHO, UNICEF, the US [Centers for Disease Control], [Doctors without Borders] and the Red Cross. Together with these organizations, we sit in one place, co-location in a designated facility, and we do joint planning, agree on strategies to be used, and implement these strategies based on a clear understanding that people are comfortable to deliver on specific tasks.
Supported with funding from the Gates foundation, we established about four teams: A point-of-entry team, screening passengers coming into the country and those traveling out, anybody who has any symptoms or a fever; an information-dissemination group;  a case-management group; and the fourth group is a contact-tracing group, an epidemiology surveillance group, this group was very, very important toward the kind of success that we achieved.
What we did was ensure that anybody that had contact with a case was tracked down and monitored on a daily basis, recording the temperature, if they developed a fever, brought into the isolation center. Cast out a wide net for any potential contact with the index case, a way that ensured ruthless efficiency.
And it worked?
At this point, we’ve gone a month since the last case of ebola virus disease was discharged from the treatment center, followed up almost 900 contacts until they’ve exited the stage of developing the disease. We’ve continued to conduct enhanced surveillance in the health facilities and the communities as well. We feel pretty confident that we’ve got a handle on this, on the outbreak, but from an epidemiological point of view, we cannot declare the outbreak is over until 42 days, equivalent to two incubation periods, after the last case was discharged from the hospital.
I am back really to the polio eradication program already as of last week, I handed over the reins back to the other incident manager that has been appointed to sustain the program.
We are not letting our guard down, we are not under any illusion whatsoever that we don’t continue to remain as risk as long as we continue to have an outbreak in the west African sub-region. Doubling of cases every three to four weeks in Sierra Leon and Guinea and Liberia. The fact that we’ve now reported cases in the US shows that there is no country that is free of the outbreak until every country is free of the outbreak.
How do you deal with panic?
You need to rapidly counter-attack misinformation, because panic and fear tends to decrease the chances of people reporting to the health facilities. People are concerned they might be stigmatized. Communication very clearly to the society around the fact that getting ebola virus disease is not a death sentence. The key is reporting early to the health authorities who know how to manage care. One of the reasons why people succumb is that without reporting to the health facility, once people get vomiting or passing stool, its hard to replace fluids and electrolytes.
What more has to be done to protect people?
One thing that can change the outbreak is for nations to come together and deploy resources. Rapid action is required, delay is very dangerous, people need to move. There is a need for countries to train, prepare ahead, to implement their epidemic preparedness plans, and do simulations or table-top exercises just in case you do have an outbreak. It’s not enough to have the resources, it’s not enough to say you are done training.
I cannot over-emphasize the fact that people have  to continue to be vigilant around their borders. Wealthier countries have to mobilize resources in a concerted manner, and they need to act now.
Share this:

BJP will form the next govt in MaharashtraBJP will form the next govt in Maharashtra
Knocking at our doors: $100-bn foreign investments  says ModiKnocking at our doors: $100-bn foreign investments  says Modi
FPIs Can Invest in 1-Year Government Bonds Under $5-Billion Limit: SebiFPIs Can Invest in 1-Year Government Bonds Under $5-Billion Limit: Sebi
Export dip weighs on Australian growthExport dip weighs on Australian growth
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40e61b26-331f-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan PM rejects resignation callSharif rejects resignation call as Pakistan crisis escalates
By Victor Mallet and Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69b820d0-2e01-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan and AfghanistanAugust 28, 2014 6:19 pm
Pakistani and Afghan elites cannot afford any more infighting
By Ahmed Rashid
The nations’ leaders do not know what is good for them or their people, writes Ahmed Rashid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6d363aa-2e99-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spectrum sold to telcos in Feb auction caught in DoT  defencetusslePrint
Written by Subhomoy Bhattacharjee | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:47 am
Telecom services in several metros including Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata could be potentially disrupted this winter as the government has not been able to sort differences between its two ministries —telecom and defence.
On Thursday, Vodafone warned this could happen because of delay by the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) to allot airwaves in the 1800 mhz band to the company. “The repercussions (would be) bigger than any other quality of service issue seen in the history of mobile telecom in India,” it said.
The problem affects Bharti Airtel too. It has arisen because though several companies, including Bharti and Vodafone, won additional spectrum in auctions conducted by the department in February this year, those have not been allotted to them.
The telecom department, a source said, is unable to give out those spectrum or airwaves because the defence ministry is squatting on some of those bands. It has refused to vacate those bands asking in return for the creation of a dedicated defence spectrum band to be administered by it. “The DoT had prior to the auctions, agreed to our demand,” said a highly placed defence ministry source.The source explained that the controversy affects only a small percentage of the total 1800 mhz band put up for auction.
“But the effect is the same as that of a total blockage”, said an industry source.

Delhi Confidential: ColdreceptionPrint
Express News Service | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:45 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 4:05 am
Kerala House, it seems, is making a habit of rubbing high-ranking officials from the state the wrong way. A few days ago, the state’s Director General of Prosecution T Asaf Ali, who was not staying at Kerala House, was denied food at the pantry citing an order by the Resident Commissioner asking the pantry not to serve ‘outsiders’. An embarrassed Ali, who was with a guest, had to call the Resident Commissioner to have his meal. But this was minor compared to the treatment the Kerala House gave to Governor P Sathasivam when he visited Delhi the last time. Neither the Resident Commissioner nor his deputy was present to receive the Governor at the airport or at Kerala House.
Only the protocol officer and the liaison officer went to the airport. Sathasivam, who was coming to Delhi for the first time after being appointed Governor, had apparently expressed his displeasure about the cold reception he received.
Nothing SPECIAL
Is Chahal, officer on special duty with former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, was recently shunted out from the Home Ministry to the Women and Child Development Ministry. Transferred a fortnight ago, he is yet to take charge as joint secretary in the ministry. However, he did visit the ministry in Shastri Bhawan and apparently chose a room earmarked for the minister and gave orders to move the furniture to the corridor along with backroom staff of the ministry. This came to notice only after senior officials found refurbishment work on in the room. Orders were immediately issued that the new joint secretary, when he finally joins, will sit in the same room that his predecessor was using.
EYEING POST
As many as 553 applicants have applied for the three vacant posts of central information commissioner. What is interesting is that among the bureaucrats and mediapersons who have applied for the posts are those who were not found suitable the last time selections were made. One of the most interesting candidates is former Union Law Secretary Brahm Avtar Agrawal, currently a member of Central Administrative Tribunal, Chandigarh. When he was Law Secretary during the previous UPA government, he was given extension in service. But he was known to apply for all important jobs like CIC, CAT, etc, that fell vacant.
LOBBYING HARD
Days after the bureaucratic reshuffle cleared by the Prime Minister’s Office was effected, several officers have started lobbying to cancel their transfer process. It is learnt that Sneh Lata Kumar, Secretary (Border Management), went to Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s house to advocate for a joint secretary who has been transferred out of the ministry. Kumar lobbied hard for the officer, saying he was “Man Friday”. Ministry officials are wondering if this transfer will be stopped, considering it came from the PMO.

Dimple Yadav makes Akhilesh sit up andlistenSamajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav with Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, JD(U) president Sharad Yadav and Azam Khan during party's Three-Day Convention in Lucknow on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:35 am
It was the turn of Samajwadi Party’s second generation to take centrestage on Thursday, the second day of the party’s ninth national convention in Lucknow.
Dimple Yadav, Akshay Yadav and Tej Pratap Singh Yadav, while addressing participants at a training session during the convention, made a few candid suggestions, raised some serious social and health issues, and evoked laughter. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav patiently listened to his daughter-in-law Dimple, nephew Akshay and grand nephew Tej Pratap.
During Dimple’s speech, the delegates burst into laughter as she addressed her husband Akhilesh Yadav as “CM saheb”. Lauding the welfare schemes undertaken by the Akhilesh Yadav government, she suggested, “The government and our party organisation should work towards issues such as child malnutrition, girl empowerment, female foeticide and women safety.”
Akhilesh, who was in the audience, listened to his wife’s advice.
The Kannauj MP also praised the government for “drastically reducing” infant mortality rate and maternal mortality rate in the state.
“I wish that SP strengthens its organisation in other states and there is a network across the country. It is our responsibility to take forward the good work done by our government,” she said.
Akshay, Ramgopal Yadav’s son, admitted that sitting in the Lok Sabha had become difficult due to the depleted strength of the party. “We won only five seats… The scene was different as in the same Lok Sabha, we once had up to 40 members. Now, whenever Netaji (Mulayam) stands up to speak, the BJP MPs and others do not allow him to,” the Firozabad MP said.
“After review of our poll defeat, Netaji had forgiven everyone, including those who betrayed him. But workers want action against them,” he stated. He also complained to his cousin Akhilesh about corruption prevalent in his government.
Newly elected MP from Mainpuri, Tej Pratap Singh Yadav, praised Akhilesh for good governance. “He is fulfilling promises. But mediapersons glorify only Modi as the biggest patriot, and project every act of Modi as an act of nation building,” he said. He also expressed concern over the condition of the poor in the state.

Key proposals  appointments await Jaitleys return toworkPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:28 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who is set to resume office next week is expected to clear a plethora of proposals ranging from the Goods and Services Tax to infrastructure and key appointments.
On top of his agenda will be the appointment of a chief economic adviser for the finance ministry — a position that has been vacant for over a year, and for which Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked for names of more candidates. “The minister will have to take a call on whether to start a fresh search for the post of the CEA,” said a person close to the development, adding that vacancies are also pending for members of the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
Jaitley was discharged from hospital last Sunday. While he has been working from home and clearing some files, he has been away from office for nearly a month since being admitted on September 2 for a gastric bypass surgery.
According to officials, Jaitley is expected to take a call on a number of proposals that have been worked upon during his recovery.
He is also expected to take forward deliberations with states on the Goods and Services Tax and approve the new draft of the Constitution Amendment Bill for the roll out of the tax. Sources said that the ministry is also awaiting a direction on the proposed Direct Taxes Code Bill
Taking through a key Budget announcement, Jaitley, upon his return is also expected to work out a new monetary policy framework with the Reserve Bank of India.
The finance minister will also have to look into issues relating to the capital markets including the residual stake sales in Hindustan Zinc Ltd and Balco as well as take a call on a proposed exchange traded fund of SUUTI stocks. A proposal for listing UTI-AMC is also awaiting approval.
Pending proposals for the Cabinet including the setting up of the 3P India to support mainstreaming of public private partnerships as well as various proposals for disinvestment in public sector firms also have to be cleared. However, officials point out that Jaitley has been clearing files even during his hospital stay such as setting up of the Expenditure Management Committee and a panel to examine unclaimed deposits in small saving schemes.

Stocks that are dragging market lowerThe stocks dragging the market into quicksand
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 2:23 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
USA TODAY
It’s another ugly day for markets — with stocks down nearly 2%. But the real pain is being centered on a group of stocks that have toppled 15% since the market’s slide began.
The market’s fast eroding quicksand is starting to get slippery — the Standard & Poor’s 500 is down nearly 4% since this year’s Sept. 18 high. But that’s nothing compared to the pain experienced by 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more during that same period, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Stocks including Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , First Solar (FSLR) and Gap (GPS) are down 15% or more since the market’s peak. These stocks are already in a correction and perhaps headed to a full-fledged bear.
It’s turning into a rough period especially for energy stocks. Energy stocks account for 61% of the stocks down 15% or more since the peak.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY via Microsoft Excel
The hardest hit stock is Chesapeake Energy, down 21% since Sept. 18. Falling oil prices and concern about the global economic isn’t bullish for energy:
Another big loser is E-Trade (ETFC) . But that’s to be expected. The online broker is one of the stocks that crashes hard when the market runs into trouble .
Below are the 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more since the market peaked on Sept. 18:
Company

Get ready to trade this market: Proget ready to trade this market: pro
Good times back on engineering campusesGood times back on engineering campuses
US Cong names Sun  Dr Reddy s  Cadila in price probeUS Cong names Sun  Dr Reddy s  Cadila in price probe
Tech company tax dealA public comeuppance for the pirates of Cupertino
By Richard Waters
Tax dodges employed by tech companies arouse strong passions, writes Richard Waters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84a294d4-4995-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Osborne plans tax crackdown on tech groups© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0564d62-4803-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing mounts push for increased energy from renewablesChina focus: Beijing mounts push for increased energy from renewables
By Leslie Hook
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54757d96-22a8-11e2-8edf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese ambassador withdrawn from IndiaChinese ambassador withdrawn from India before president’s visit
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f7eb5d2-46ce-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi embraces old guard as Hong Kong eruptsXi Jinping embraces old guard as Hong Kong challenges party rule
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
China president unlikely to get directly involved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bacc8cc-48a6-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF projects India s GDP at 6.4% in 2015IMF projects India's GDP at 6.4% in 2015
PTI  Washington, October 07, 2014
First Published: 21:49 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:52 IST(7/10/2014)
Comments
The IMF on Tuesday forecast 5.6% growth rate for India this year and a higher 6.4% in 2015, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms being undertaken by the new government.
"Growth in India is expected to rise to 5.6% in 2014 and pick up further to 6.4% in 2015 as both exports and investment increase," the International Monetary Fund said in its latest World Economic Outlook report released in Washington on Tuesday.
In 2013, India's growth rate was five per cent. On the other hand in China, growth will remain at 7.4% in 2014 and is projected to be of 7.1% in 2015.
According to the WEO, after a slowdown in the first half of 2014, global growth is forecast to strengthen to 3.5% in the second half of 2014 and 3.8% in 2015.
But growth is uneven and still weak overall and remains susceptible to many downside risks.
The IMF said global growth slowed more than expected from an annualised rate of 3.9% in the second half of 2013 to 2.7% in the first half of 2014.
"Although the downside surprise was mainly owing to temporary factors, particularly for the US economy, it also reflected a weaker recovery in the euro area, as the region continued to overcome the legacies of the crisis, and in Japan, where the negative effects on demand of the consumption tax increase were greater than previously expected," it said.
Among emerging market and developing economies, growth in China picked up in the second quarter, responding to the measures deployed to boost activity after a weaker-than-expected first-quarter out-turn.
However, domestic demand remained weak in a few major economies, notably in Latin America.
Geopolitical tensions related to the Russia-Ukraine situation and the Middle East dampened activity in those regions, but with limited broader spillovers so far, the report said.
Advanced economies, the report said, are expected to continue a slow recovery, with growth rising to 1.8% this year and to 2.3% in 2015.
Growth in emerging market and developing economies will slow to 4.4% in 2014, before rising to 5.0% in 2015, it said.
"The forecast is weaker than projected in the April 2014 WEO, reflecting the negative growth surprises in the first half of the year, a more subdued pace of domestic demand growth in some emerging," the report said.

Yahoo set to downsize India engineering opsYahoo set to downsize India engineering ops
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Bengaluru/ Washington, October 07, 2014
First Published: 23:00 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:44 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Internet search company Yahoo is consolidating its Indian operation, setting off speculation that it was laying off employees, a number variously put between 400 and 2,000.
“We are making some changes in the way we operate in Bangalore leading to consolidation of certain teams into fewer offices,” said a Yahoo India spokesperson in a statement.
But there was no mention of layoffs, which are to take effect one month from now on November 7, with those fired getting between five and 10 months salary as redundancy pay.
The layoffs follow massive pressure on CEO Marissa Mayer from large investors, such as Starboard Value, to cut Yahoo’s bloated cost structure.
Yahoo, which pioneered internet search along with some other now mostly defunct companies has attempting to revive its fortunes under Mayer, who was appointed two years ago.
NextBigWhat, a website that first reported the layoffs, said the company planned to fire 2,000 of its 2,250 employees at its Software Development Center (SDC) in Bangalore.
These firings would be the biggest by the company, which has struggled to retain its competitiveness despite a series of senior-level changes.
HT spoke to more than a dozen employees of Yahoo’s SDC in Bangalore but all of them declined to discuss the matter. The spokesperson, too, declined to say anything beyond the official statement.
TechCrunch, a website specialising in IT news, put the number of layoffs at 400, however, saying those affected are mainly working in product engineering.
It added a statement from the company: “Yahoo will continue to have a presence in India and Bangalore remains an important office.”
Yahoo is indeed consolidating its operations. It closed offices in Carslbad, California last month to move software teams closer to the company’s home base in Sunnyvale in the same state.
Yahoo recently acquired an Indian technology startup Bookpad for Rs. 50 crore.
The company, that once dominated internet search, has struggled in recent years, with its investments in Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, proving to be its best assets.
Yahoo’s last quarter results missed analyst estimates.

Indias strength rests on States: ModiPTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi being greeted by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan during the Global Investors Summit 2014 in Indore, on Thursday.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The Prime Minister was speaking at the Global Investors Summit in Indore
India had received proposals for investments worth $ 100 billion and States should be prepared to take optimum advantage of these, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here on Thursday.
Here to inaugurate the Global Investors Summit — the Madhya Pradesh government's flagship biennial business event — Mr. Modi heaped praises on Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, saying his leadership had brought the State out of the BIMARU (sick states) category.
Mr. Chouhan himself hard sold Madhya Pradesh as an ideal investment destination.
“Today the PM told me...'Shivraj, depute an officer for each project'...I have done it...now you don’t need to worry about anything...that officer will do everything for you...that's the real single window,” he told investors, which included captains of India Inc including RIL's Mukesh Ambani, ADAG's Anil Ambani, Adani group's Gautam Adani and Tata group chief Cyrus Mistry among others.
Mr. Ambani said he would invest Rs. 20,000 crore in Madhya Pradesh over the next two years, in areas of coal exploration and digital infrastructure, while the Suzlon group announced plans to set up 2000 MW of new wind energy projects in the state over the next five years.
“$ 100 billion have applied for visa...be it from America...Japan or China...now it’s is up to a State to rise up and snatch its share...the path is open,” Mr. Modi told a packed convention hall here.
During his 33-minute speech, Mr. Modi consistently underscored the significance of centre-state cooperation.
“The nation's strength rests in the states...it’s centre's responsibility to motivate states for development and support them wherever needed and only then would we able to scale new heights of development,” he said.
Mr. Modi said Centre and States don’t compete with each other but completed each other.
“We used to read in mathematics: (a+b) squared resulted in an additional 2ab...this 2ab symbolises the combined strength of the centre and the states...we want to use this extra energy to propel the nation forward,” he said.
Madhya Pradesh, he said, deserved accolades for achieving milestones in agricultural growth and was now headed for a similar growth in manufacturing.
“When we say make in India...we want the world to believe there are unlimited opportunities...please don't treat India merely as a market...I urge the world to not stop at that...make capital investments,” he said, adding “Make in India” was a win-win proposition.
The PM said Madhya Pradesh had followed up on centre's policy on defence manufacturing and Digital India and had taken the lead in both these areas.
“This is an example of how centre and states can work together,” he said.
The PM also announced the vision for a Global Talent Pool, exhorting states to identify people living abroad and utilize their skills and experience.
“I want each state to build a global talent pool...find out how many people from your states are living abroad and connect to them...they all want to do something for India,” he said.
“A 100 Investors summit in Delhi won’t make a difference...but one in each state would take India forward,” he said.
The event also witnessed the participation of 20 countries.

Our deterrence will be credible: Jaitley warns Pakistanarmed conflict
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said Indian soldiers had responded with courage to ceasefire violations by Pakistan while Defence Minister Arun Jaitley called Pakistan the “aggressor” which would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost for its “adventurism.”
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Mr. Modi said.
Mr. Modi accused his political opponents of using the border situation for electoral gains.
“Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains.”
Giving Pakistan a stern warning, Mr. Jaitley said Pakistan has “clearly been the aggressor.”
“But it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
Senior officials said Pakistan Rangers targeted 60 border outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border, injuring three persons.
Pakistan’s Defence Minister Khwaja Asif warned India that it was fully capable of responding to any aggression. “We don’t want to convert the border tension between two nuclear neighbours into a confrontation,” he said.
(With additional reporting by Varghese K. George in Pune and PTI)

Private schools are profit centres: Delhi HCComments
Private schools are "profit centres", the Delhi high court on Thursday observed while hearing arguments in a PIL seeking grant of free books and uniforms to children belong to the Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) category admitted to private unaided schools.
A bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul made the observation in response to the claim of an association of private schools that uniforms in their institutes cost more than Rs. 6,000 annually.
"The reality is it (a private school) is a profit centre," the court said.
The bench was also of the view that free and compulsory education under the Right to Education (RTE) Act includes providing free uniforms and text books to kids belonging to the EWS category.
"Therefore, the question that is to be answered is whether non-provision of uniforms and text books, free of cost, will hamper completion of elementary education as mandated under the Act," the court said.
The bench also said that its "whole aim and objective" is to ensure that kids belonging to EWS and disadvantaged groups are not denied elementary education as provided under the Act. "Children should not suffer," it said.
It also advised the schools to provide the uniforms and books free of cost to EWS students, saying they will be reimbursed for the same by the Delhi government.
It said the Delhi government will reimburse the schools for providing books of those publications that the institutes have prescribed and not only for National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) books.
"They (the government) can't say they will only reimburse you for NCERT books. If they say so, we will not accept it," the bench said.
The court will continue to hear arguments on October 13.
The schools, however, claimed they do not provide books and uniforms to any student as the same would fall under commercial activity, which they cannot carry out.
They also submitted that the Delhi government provided reimbursement only to schools which are on private land and no such relief is given to those who have obtained land from the government at concessional or institutional rates.
The Delhi government, on the other hand, contended that it does provide some amount of reimbursement to schools on government land.
The high court had on September 18 slammed the "insensitive" city government for its "wonky policy" with regard to providing uniforms to children of economically weaker sections studying in private schools, saying it will create a "class divide" among children as well as "change their moral fabric".
The bench had made the observations after perusing the Delhi government's Directorate of Education's (DoE) affidavit stating that it is annually providing Rs. 500 to children up to class V and Rs. 700 to those in classes VI to VIII in its schools for buying uniforms.
The court had earlier pulled up the city government for not giving free books and uniforms to EWS and disadvantaged group (DG) students studying in unaided private schools in Delhi.
Earlier, the government had submitted a status report saying that out of 70,000 children from poor and disadvantaged families, around 17,500 have been provided books free of cost in this academic year.

Hong Kong protesters vow to fight on as talk...Hong Kong protesters vow to fight on as talks collapse
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 10.22PM IST
Around 1,000 gathered at the main protest site outside government headquarters in central Hong Kong's Admiralty district late Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Crunch talks between Hong Kong's democracy protesters and the government were called off Thursday, just hours after demonstrators vowed to ratchet up their occupation of key parts of the city if their demands were not met.
The collapse of the talks, which were due to take place Friday, plunges the key Asian financial hub into fresh crisis with protesters refusing to retreat from their barricades and an equally intransigent government rejecting further negotiations.
Parts of Hong Kong have been paralysed for more than a week by demonstrations calling for Beijing to grant full democracy to the former British colony and for city leader Leung Chun-ying to resign.
Although the crowds have shrunk dramatically from their peak of tens of thousands last week, the government's decision to cancel the talks triggered a swell in numbers once more as pro-democracy campaigners gathered to hear the response from their leaders.
Around 1,000 gathered at the main protest site outside government headquarters in central Hong Kong's Admiralty district late Thursday, a AFP reporter at the scene said.
China announced in August that while Hong Kongers will be able to vote for Leung's successor in 2017, only two to three vetted candidates will be allowed to stand -- an arrangement the protesters dismiss as "fake democracy".
Hopes of a breakthrough were dashed Thursday evening as Leung's deputy Carrie Lam announced the government was pulling out of talks with the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), which has been at the vanguard of the protests.
"The basis for constructive dialogue has been undermined. It's impossible to have a constructive meeting tomorrow," Lam said.
Her announcement came merely hours after a coalition of pro-democracy leaders gathered at the main protest site and vowed to ramp up their civil disobedience campaign if the talks broke down.
Student leaders late Thursday urged officials to return to the negotiating table, labelling the government response an "international joke".
"The chaos was caused by the government. They are responsible for cleaning up the mess," HKFS president Alex Chow told reporters.
Earlier in the day, he urged protesters not to retreat if the government did not respond to calls for free elections.
"Hong Kong people will not retreat," he said. "The Occupy movement must be ongoing."
Page 1 of 2

U.S. airstrike in Mosul underscore military questions ahead in dealing with Iraqi citiesBy Dan Lamothe October 9 Follow @danlamothe
Militants from the Islamic State parade down a main street in Mosul, Iraq, in June in a Humvee they commandeered from Iraqi troops.  (AP Photo, File)
Shortly after retired U.S. Gen. John Allen arrived in Baghdad as the new U.S. envoy to the coalition against the Islamic State, he made it perfectly clear what part of the plan against the Islamic State militant group included: taking back Mosul.
The city, Iraq’s second most populous, fell to Islamist fighters in June, as they captured broad sections of the country’s north. Mosul has remained under their control since, with religious shrines destroyed, women forced into marriage and human rights activists and others murdered after publicly disagreeing with the Islamic State.
Plans to retake Mosul already are underway. Kurdish militia troops are preparing for a complex battle to retake the city, according to a Los Angeles Times report . And Allen said Iraqi forces will launch operations to retake Mosul within the next year.
“It’s not a single battle,” he said, according to the New York Times . “It’s a campaign.”
But the planning, along with the U.S. launching its first airstrike inside Mosul on Wednesday, raises questions about how the United States and its partners will be able to assist in an urban military campaign if their mission is restricted to an air campaign and advising Iraqi forces.
The U.S. has launched hundreds of airstrikes in Iraq and Syria in the last two months against the Islamic State, but until Wednesday they all had been carried out outside population centers. The primary targets have been militant training camps and groups of fighters who have massed in vehicles or on foot, making them obvious marks for U.S. aircraft.
As the U.S. and its partners intensified their airstrikes against the militant group in recent days, they hit a variety of targets around many of Iraq’s other major cities, including Baghdad, Irbil, Fallujah and Ramadi. Some of the strikes have been designed to keep militants out of areas they do not control, but Fallujah fell to the Islamic State months ago, and Ramadi, the capital of Anbar province, remains heavily contested.
Officials in Anbar  told the Wall Street Journal this week that they are concerned the entire province could fall in coming days. They also raised concerns that too much attention has been devoted to Kobane, a Syrian town on the Turkish border that is under assault by the Islamic State and also is in danger of falling .
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Pakistan resumes shelling in J&K; thousands of villagers evacuatedPakistan resumes shelling in J&K; thousands of villagers evacuated
IANS Oct 10, 2014, 02.39AM IST
Tags:
J&K
(A house in Jammu damaged…)
JAMMU: Pakistani forces on Thursday again started targeting civilian areas and BSF positions near the International Border in Jammu and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, an official said.
"Pakistan Rangers are firing with mortars and automatic weapons in R.S. Pura sector of Jammu and Hirnagar sector of Kathua," a police officer told IANS, adding that the Pakistan firing started at 7 pm and was still continuing two hours later.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has started "retaliating effectively", he added.
Most villages along the International Border (IB) in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts have been evacuated since Pakistan Rangers resorted to targeting villages and BSF positions since Oct 6.
Jammu Divisional Commissioner Shant Manu told IANS eight people have died so far in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control (LoC) and the IB in Jammu district.
"Five civilians were killed in Pakistan shelling in Arnia area on Oct 6 while a girl injured in Pakistan Army shelling in Poonch district on the LoC also succumbed to injuries," he said.
"Two women were killed Wednesday in Pakistan firing on the International Border, taking the toll of people killed during the last four days to eight."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Merger on the cards for United BankMerger on the cards for United Bank
Odisha braces for Hudhud though IMD says cyclone likely to miss stateComments
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh stocked shelters with rations and planned mass evacuations on Thursday as the states stepped up their preparedness for a powerful cyclone that is likely to hit the southeastern coast at the weekend.
Cyclone Hudhud is moving in from the Bay of Bengal and is expected to develop into a severe storm, packing wind speeds of up to 140 kilometres per hour, before hitting the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud.
“We are stocking all the essential commodities,” said Vishakhapatnam district collector N Yuvaraj.
“We are assessing the probable habitations which are to be evacuated. We have also warned fishermen not to venture out to sea, and are sending communication to those already out there to return to the coast.”
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu reviewed preparations with district officials while chief secretary IYR Krishna Rao directed district collectors to evacuate people from low-lying areas.
The weather office suggested suspension of fishing operations as the sea is likely to be rough off the cost of Andhra Pradesh where Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts are likely to bear the brunt of the storm.
Mobile service providers have sent messages to people in Telugu warning them of the cyclone.
The state is also in touch with the army and the air force, while four National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams have been sent to the Andhra coast.
Weather officials said the cyclone could skip Odisha, but the state was not taking chances.
More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready while 10 teams of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight NDRF teams were deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a meeting with senior officials on Thursday to review the preparations.
“I reviewed the contingency plan of important departments like water resources, energy, food and civil supplies and works. Tomorrow, according to routine programme, there will be mock drill in cyclone shelters,” Patnaik said.
Cyclone Phailin struck Odisha last year, causing damage to houses and property but timely evacuation by the government minimised the loss of lives.

Connectivity a human right  says ZuckerbergConnectivity a human right  says Zuckerberg
Tianhe  chemical reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b2ba8ffe-4f88-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tianhe hits at fraud claims in 55 pages© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a39fa7e6-4f67-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World Bank GIF to facilitate infra fundflowWashington | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:19 am
By: ARUN S
Even as India is finding it difficult to meet its ambitious target of ensuring investments worth $1 trillion during the 12th Five-Year Plan (2012-17) in the infrastructure sector, the World Bank Group on Thursday launched a new Global Infrastructure Facility (GIF) to ensure that billions of dollars are channelised to develop world-class infrastructure in emerging markets like India and developing economies (EMDEs).
The World Bank Group said, through the GIF, it plans to work with the proposed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), the New Development Bank (NDB) and Asian Development Bank (ADB) to boost investment in bankable infrastructure projects in the emerging and developing economies.
World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said the some of the world’s largest asset management and private equity firms, pension and insurance funds, and commercial banks will work as partners in the GIF.
The key focus of GIF would be on climate friendly investments as well as ventures to bolster trade.
This development comes close on the heels of the IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde highlighting the need of the importance of greater public investment to build efficient infrastructure in all countries to inturn ensure higher growth and greater employment opportunities. She had also said that more investment in infrastructure is an obvious imperative in many countries where bottlenecks and obstacles to transportation and energy supply hamper development.
Jim also told mediapersons here that the World Bank will extend all its expertise in order to help AIIB, NDB and ADB. Australian Treasurer and Chair of the G20 Finance Track Joe Hockey said the launch of GIF complemented G20’s work in boosting infrastructure investment.
World Bank cautions on Ebola pandemic
Washington: The World Bank Group on Thursday warned that the regional financial impact of the spreading Ebola crisis in West Africa — which has infected over 8,033 people and claimed more than 3,879 lives so far — could reach $32.6 billion dollars by 2015-end if the epidemic is not quickly contained. It also cautioned that the crisis could have impact across the world.
World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim, referring to the $46 billion-worth global economic impact of the previous SARS epidemic in 2002-03, said 80-90 per cent of the drop in investments is due to the fear factor and risk-aversion behaviour of investors following such epidemics and crises. ARUN S

5 HJC MLAs who joined CongressdisqualifiedComments
Almost five years after five Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) MLAs “merged” with the Congress, the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday disqualified them under the anti-defection law. Justice K Kannan, while allowing the writ petition filed by HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi, held that the five legislators stand disqualified but added that any decisions taken by them till the pronouncement of judgement shall not be rendered invalid.
The court also disqualfied them from any remunerative political post they may have held since giving up the HJC membership. It set aside the order of the Haryana Speaker Kuldeep Sharma, upholding the “merger”, terming it as being “bad in law” and “invalid”.
The Congress had failed to get the required majority of 45 in the 90-member state assembly in the 2009 assembly polls after finishing with 40 seats. Initially seven Independents joined the Congress but by November that year, the five HJC MLAs — Satpal Sangwan, Vinod Bhyana, Rao Narender Singh, Zile Ram Chochra and Dharam Singh Chhokar — also joined claiming that their party had merged with the Congress.

FinMin sets up ETF to sell SUUTIstakePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:17 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 2:18 am
The finance ministry has initiated a process to liquidate a part of its holding the Special Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (SUUTI) by setting up an exchange traded fund that could raise nearly Rs 5,000 crore.
SUUTI was set up in 2003 after the Unit Trust of India was wound up. It holds 11.27 per cent stake in ITC, 8.18 per cent in Larsen and Toubro and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank. It has now invited bids for an asset management firm to set up the exchange traded fund (ETF) of SUUTI stocks.
“The proposed ETF will serve as an additional mechanism for the government to monetise its shareholdings in SUUTI and other selected CPSEs that eventually form part of the ETF basket,” said the request for proposal, seeking bids by October 28.
ICICI Securities has already been appointed as an adviser to SUUTI and the government on setting up the ETF. The fund, which is likely to be set up by March next year, would be a new fund offer (NFO) followed by further tranches or a tap structure. It would be close-ended.

Dushyant sells grandfathersdreamDushyant sells grandfather’s dream
Written by Pradeep R Kaushal | Jind |       October 10, 2014 10:09 am
Comments
“We have to elect the Lok Dal, and bring Om Prakash Chautala out,” an INLD activist chants from the chaupal of this dusty village in Uchana Kalan, and the crowd applauds. The idea may defy commonsense, but die-hard supporters have no doubt it will work.
The crowd is charged up as Chautala’s grandson Dushyant speaks. “Chautala sahib is suffering not because he gave jobs (in the teachers’ recruitment scam) to any of his relatives., but because he gave employment to you, the poor and the farmers.” They applaud again.
Dushyant, 25, Ajay Chautala’s foreign-educated son who defeated Kuldeep Bishnoi in the Hisar Lok Sabha constituency, has a way with words. “Don’t trust our rivals who say Chautala wants to run a government from Tihar jail. Chautala will bring the government to your doorstep. It also means we are coming to power.” More applause.
“Don’t trust the media. When they gave us nine seats (in 2009), we won 32. Now they are giving us 30-32, so be sure we are getting 75.”
Narendra Modi’s attacks, though, have caught the Chautalas off-guard. “Modi should maintain the dignity of the office he holds,” Dushyant tells The Indian Express. “BJP was with us from 2000 to 2005, and has to take half the blame for any goondaism during our rule.”
The MP makes his preferences clear: “Our first priority is to form a government and I am ready to give up my parliamentary seat.” He does not take a clear position vis-à-vis the BJP in case there is a hung verdict. “It is for Chautala sahib to take a call on such major issues,” he says.
Pitted against Dushyant is Prem Lata of the BJP, fighting a proxy battle for her husband Birender Singh, formerly with the Congress. Initially, Chautala’s wife had been discussed as a possible candidate but the family ultimately decided on Dushyant.
Birender Singh and Prem Lata are seeking votes as locals of the area, known as Bangar. “The Chautalas seek votes from Bangar, but develop only their own Sirsa,” Prem Lata tells voters in Budayan village. “Those who pedal falsehood and believe in violence and loot of small-time push-cart owners are trying to hoodwink people by selling hollow dreams.”
Birender Singh has planned a rally by Modi for October 11 in Jind. He lost the last assembly election to Chautala by some 600 votes.

Chautala return gives INLD the boost itneededChautala return gives INLD the boost it needed
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh |       October 10, 2014 10:08 am
Comments
It is a battle of survival for the INLD in Haryana. And the party has taken it up, with the leadership supposed to be absent very much on the field.
The INLD, known for its dynastic rule, has seen its two top leaders, party chief Om Prakash Chautala and his elder son Ajay, convicted in a teachers’ recruitment case last year. But with O P Chautala out on bail for over four months now citing ill health, the INLD’s campaign has got a lift. Chautala has been addressing nine or 10 political rallies a day, with huge crowds.
While the Congress and BJP are targeting the conviction in their campaigns, the INLD is not running away from it either. INLD leaders too talk of the conviction, telling people it was a “conspiracy hatched by Congress in connivance with the CBI”. The biased selections of JBT teachers for which the Chautalas has been convicted have also been projected as a “service” to the poor people of Haryana. The INLD’s staunch supporters are “convinced” that Chautala had merely “helped” poor people whose children were given jobs.
INLD’s ally the Shiromani Akali Dal, too, has launched an intensive campaign seeking votes in Devi Lal and Om Prakash Chautala’s names. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, his son Sukhbir Badal and over 100 SAD leaders are campaigning across Haryana.
The INLD has said that if voted to power, Chautala, who has declared in court he will surrender on October 17, will take oath as CM from inside Tihar jail, a possibility trashed by legal experts. He has now been asked by the Delhi High Court to appear on October 10, following two petitions (one by the CBI) that he has been violating his bail terms by addressing rallies.
Confident of a full majority, the INLD has trashed the possibility of a post-poll alliance with any party. The BJP’s Narendra Modi and Amit Shah, for their part, too have ruled out such a possibility.
If hypothetically the BJP is taken out of the scene, the INLD is considered the biggest challenger to the ruling Congress in the polls. The INLD had got 31 seats in 2009 and is quite confident of bettering that this time. However, the BJP with Modi as its face is expected to present tough competition.

Stocks dragging the market lowerThe stocks dragging the market into quicksand
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 2:23 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
USA TODAY
It’s another ugly day for markets — with stocks down nearly 2%. But the real pain is being centered on a group of stocks that have toppled 15% since the market’s slide began.
The market’s fast eroding quicksand is starting to get slippery — the Standard & Poor’s 500 is down nearly 4% since this year’s Sept. 18 high. But that’s nothing compared to the pain experienced by 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more during that same period, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Stocks including Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , First Solar (FSLR) and Gap (GPS) are down 15% or more since the market’s peak. These stocks are already in a correction and perhaps headed to a full-fledged bear.
It’s turning into a rough period especially for energy stocks. Energy stocks account for 61% of the stocks down 15% or more since the peak.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY via Microsoft Excel
The hardest hit stock is Chesapeake Energy, down 21% since Sept. 18. Falling oil prices and concern about the global economic isn’t bullish for energy:
Another big loser is E-Trade (ETFC) . But that’s to be expected. The online broker is one of the stocks that crashes hard when the market runs into trouble .
Below are the 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more since the market peaked on Sept. 18:
Company

http://usat.ly/ZulTv8FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood.
Post to Facebook
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013 As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
89
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss 6:47 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
Video Keywords Warren Levinson macro trade NASDAQ Associated Press
It was another wild ride for the stock market as the Dow Jones industrial average had its biggest plunge of the year, dropping 334-points just a day after the Dow had its biggest gain of the year. (Oct. 9) AP
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  Wall -- Yo-Yo that -- third day. Jones industrial average
00:08  ended the session down 334. Points -- biggest one day one
00:12  -- the year. Energy stocks led the slide is the price
00:15  of -- continue to slope oil fell 2% on worries global
00:19  economy will slow even as production remains high. Stronger US economy
00:24  also weighed on crude prices for the past couple years away.
00:28  Weak dollar brought higher gold and higher. Crude oil and just
00:33  higher commodity prices in general -- dollar's strengthening -- servicing. And
00:37  unwind of that macro trade Thursday's selloff follows 272. Point loss
00:42  on Tuesday. And 275. -- a couple of days later. And
00:46  the reason we're seeing increased volatility is this more and certainty
00:50  now facing investors and what we saw. Just a few months
00:53  ago at the close of trading the Dow and NASDAQ were
00:56  down 2% in the stint with 102 point 1%. Now has
01:00  had this many big swings since August -- -- Government wants
01:05  to AAA credit -- Warren Levinson Associated Press.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Renewed worries about global economic growth, corporate earnings and market valuations propelled U.S. stocks to huge losses Thursday.
The Dow Jones industrial average sank  335 points (2%) to 16,659,  the blue chip barometer's biggest drop since a 354 point slide on June 6, 2013. The carnage to broader indexes was just as pronounced, with the Standard & Poors 500  slumping 2% to 1,928, the Nasdaq composite sliding  2% to 4,378 and the small stock Russell 2000 sinking 2.5% to 1,069, sparking fears that selling pressures could linger.
Thursday's losses were a sharp reversal from Wednesday, when the Dow clocked a near 275-point gain -  biggest of the year - inspired by the release of Federal Reserve's meeting minutes signaling the central bank intent to keep interest rates low.
WHO: Some blame ECB's Draghi for sell-off
All 10 of the S&P's 10 industry sectors were bloodied Thursday.
Energy stocks were particularly hard hit as crude oil prices continued to slide. The S&P Energy sector index was off 3% after benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil and Brent crude continued to slide. In after hours trading, West Texas crude  was trading below $85 a barrel for the first time since November 2012.
Thursday's Dow slide was its first three-day move of at least 200 points since August 2011, when the nation's AAA-grade debt was downgraded.
"I think the market has simply taken enough body blows that it was ready for a head shot,'' says Jordan Kimmel, chief investment officer at Investview.
Investors headed to safe havens, such as Treasuries. Yields on 10-year notes fell to 2.3%, lowest in nearly 15 months.
WINNERS: 5 stocks bucking the market's rough ride
European markets erased early gains and ended with a  third straight day of losses. Markets in Asia were less settled. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.8%, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng index added 1.2%.
Renewed volatility and jitters appears to have gripped a market looking for direction. "The market swings daily now with bad news about the global economy being bad news and bearish one day and being good news and bullish the next,'' says Edward Yardeni, chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research.
"On the bad days, investors are pessimistic that the Fed and other central banks have any tools left to boost growth. On good days, they hope that they were wrong the day before. If you are confused by all this, you should be," Yardeni says.
With third quarter earnings season underway, corporate profits could be key to the market's direction.
"Investors are in a volatile fog until we get clarity on the earnings front and forward guidance," says Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. "Until then, the roll coaster ride will continue."
Says Prudential Financial market strategist Quinck Krosby;  "Investors need to hear from companies with regard to demand for their goods and services. Ultimately, this should be the best indicator of the depth of the global slowdown.
Investors in Europe were looking ahead to a speech in Washington by European Central Bank chiefe Mario Draghi.
Economic forecasters have cut Germany's growth rate to 1.3% from 1.9% due to weak eurozone and global growth as well as uncertainty over the Ukraine crisis.
The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for this year and next for global growth, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and Europe. The IMF expects the global economy will grow 3.3% this year, below what it forecast in July.
Among Thursday's few bright spots: Apple, which neared its all-time $103.74 in early trading before closing up 22 cents to $101.02. Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn again prodded CEO Tim Cook to shake some cash loose and buy back company shares. Icahn says AAPL stock is undervalued and says shares are worth $203.
Contributing: Ed Brackett, Kim Hjelmgaard, and the Associated Press.
October again takes stock investors on a roller coaster ride http://t.co/Om7W5Lzzka (Photo: Paul Ruben) pic.twitter.com/cMI2gheWga
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48

General s dire Ebola warninggeneral s dire ebola warning
Even $1 million homes vulnerable to teardowns in hot...6
Last December, a home in the 2100 block of West Belle Plaine Avenue sold for $520,000. In early August, a new six-bedroom home on the lot was listed for sale at $1.38 million. It went under contract almost immediately, and the sale — at list price — closed five weeks later.
In March, a two-flat in the 3800 block of North Hoyne Avenue sold for $805,000. This week, the city issued a demolition permit for the property, and a masonry home is planned.
In September, a home in the 3900 block of North Seeley Avenue sold for $650,000. This month, marketing began for a $1.7 million home planned for the lot.
The median sales price of a detached single-family home that sold in North Center in August was $1.03 million, up almost 23 percent from $842,000 in August 2013, according to data provided to the Chicago Association of Realtors by Midwest Real Estate Data, the local multiple listing provider.
"It used to be strictly Lincoln Park and Lakeview," said Tim Sheahan, a real estate agent at Conlon: A Real Estate Co. "They went up to (North Center) because they could get a little more for the money. Now the schools are so good in that neighborhood, and Lincoln Square is such a vibrant area, it's a destination."
When Ronan bought his first teardown in Lakeview, in the 3200 block of North Seminary Avenue in the mid-1990s, he remembers getting teased that he overpaid, spending $160,000 for it. A year ago, a teardown down the street sold for $675,000.
Today, Ronan is paying more than $500,000 for teardowns in North Center, 20 to 25 percent more than just two years ago but still less than in other neighborhoods. He tries to find properties before they come on the market, saying it's hard to make the numbers work without building a new house that sells for about $1.3 million.
Finding buyers hasn't been a problem. In March, Ronan paid $565,000 for a teardown in the 1900 block of West Henderson Street, and the $1.5 million, six-bedroom, four-bath, 4,200-square-foot home he planned for the lot went under contract before he broke ground.
At the same time, though, he's starting to look at properties in Logan Square, where teardowns sell for half of what they do in North Center.
Though new home construction raises neighborhood home values, there are negatives, too, and agents like Sachs Wong worry about the inability of some families to afford a home with a good public elementary school like North Center's Bell or Coonley, which are much touted in home listings. "It pushes people that even make a good living out of the heart of the city, there's no question," she said.
Builders and real estate agents expect that buyers who like the neighborhood but not the price of new construction will gravitate toward older brick two-flats and convert them into a single-family home, or to older frame cottages priced at $750,000 to $850,000.
But potential buyers who want the high-end finishes and accouterments of new construction aren't always willing to compromise, regardless of the price.
Janis Bates and her family moved to North Center more than a decade ago, buying a vintage home with a lot of curb appeal for less than $600,000. Though she made improvements to her home, she watched others on the block get razed and replaced by behemoth homes that hug the property lines.
Last year, the family tried to sell its home and move to another city neighborhood. Priced at under $800,000, the home had an unfinished basement, but the biggest complaint was that it had only one full bathroom and no master suite. After pulling it off the market last year, the Bates family finished the basement, adding a full bathroom, and now has no immediate plans.
The Nebraska native continues to watch older homes in her neighborhood get torn down, and she hasn't minded seeing some of them disappear.
"Some of them deserve to be torn down," Bates said. "We'll go up and down the block and go, 'That one, that one, that one.' About five more can go and not be missed."
Still, she worries that the attributes that attracted her to the neighborhood, namely its diversity of residents and home styles, are being replaced.
Homebuilder Donald O'Sullivan, another longtime North Center resident and owner of Westend Management, believes the area is still ripe for continued redevelopment. O'Sullivan is close to completing a home in the 1800 block of West Berteau Avenue that is replacing a home he bought this spring for $450,000 before it went on the market. It recently listed for sale for just under $1.35 million, and he's looking for other opportunities.
"When people stop buying, we'll stop building," he said.

Supreme court makes deep imprint this week  despite no judgmentsSupreme court makes deep imprint this week  despite no judgments
I am excited about Digital India  says ZuckerbergI am excited about Digital India  says Zuckerberg
TE Connectivity Completes Acquisition of Measurement Specialties  Inc.TE Connectivity Completes Acquisition of Measurement Specialties  Inc.
100bn bait Modi tells states to compete100bn bait Modi tells states to compete
Shashi Tharoor s wife Sunanda Pushkar died due to poisoning  says reportShashi Tharoor s wife Sunanda Pushkar died due to poisoning  says report
Huawei Champions Expansion of  K to College  School Supply Program to Stockton Area YouthHuawei Champions Expansion of  K to College  School Supply Program to Stockton Area Youth
Amazon to open first physical storeAmazon to open first physical store
RBI considering G-secs settlement through Euroclearcentral bank
The Reserve Bank of India is working towards allowing settlement of government bonds in the international systems like the Euroclear, Deputy Governor H. R. Khan said here on Wednesday.
“We have the proposal of Euroclear and Clearsteam settlement. There is a budget announcement also on international settlement. So, we are working on it to see how we can balance between the loss of liquidity in the local market as well as providing ease of trading for overseas investors,” he told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.
However, he did not offer a timeline for this.
He said to start with only settlement of government bonds would be allowed on the international system.
When asked about whether the RBI is looking for further liberalising the external commercial borrowing (ECB) window, Mr. Khan said the bank had been cautious and it could not fully liberalise the route.
“We cannot open (the ECB window) fully given the current situation. The Sahoo committee has made certain recommendations and we are looking at that. It is not that we will open in a big bang way,” he said.

Aim: the muppet market in numbersRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Why Dilma and Acio both lost at homeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

EM debt opportunity on Fed unwindingShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
EM debt opportunity on Fed unwinding
Oct 8, 2014 : The slowing Chinese economy and unwinding of US quantitative easing have squeezed emerging market bonds. However, Brett Diment at Aberdeen Asset Management sees an opportunity in local currency EM debt, as he explains to FT's EM editor James Kynge.
Links:  Beyond Brics  /  Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield. Produced by Darryl Thomson.

Design Consultancies -- The Perfect Platform for Launching StartupsCo-written by Martin Willers
The world is experiencing a boom in interest around startups as well as in design and the combination of the two is seen as the perfect cocktail for creating new and innovative offerings. Despite this perfect marriage, startups still seem to be baffled about how and when to engage design. This beget the question "Why don't design consultancies create startups?"
Design firms have traditionally been afraid of the large investments needed to launch physical products. Costs ranging from the legal fees for securing international intellectual property rights, to tooling for production, to shipping and insurance can be at a scale larger than the yearly profit for a small design firm. Therefore, it has been considered a big risk to possibly get stuck in the "Valley of Death" area that refers to the time when projects run out of funds and create a negative cash flow before a steady stream of revenues can be established.
These barriers have been substantially lowered due to new ways of funding product development. The folks at crowdfunding sites, such as Kickstarter, have backed over three hundred design projects with more than US$100k each. That scale of investment is on par with typical seed financing. Design has also reached a higher standing in the business community and is more often considered a key component in early stage investment. High valuation for design driven companies like Nest thermostats (bought by Google for $3,2b), Beats by Dre headphones (bought by Apple for $3b) and the crowdfunded Oculus rift 3d glasses (bought by Facebook for $2b) have furthered strengthened interest for smart hardware design from investors.
So, what makes design consultancies better suited than others to create start-ups?
For starters, they have a process for understanding what people want. From day one things will just look and feel better and smarter with design thinking on board. They already have a track record of creating successful products for other companies and they also know how things get manufactured and branded in a commercially viable way.
Furthermore, they are staffed with project planning experts and are used to working in diverse teams. They can eat the operating costs for offices and part time staff assistance and use the fluctuation of downtime and associated none-billable hours occurring in a consultancy.
Most crucially, they can build a working prototype and film people testing it in real life. This story can then be packaged and re-told to other people on crowdfunding platforms to see if the idea flies in a larger context and market.
When all these aspects are considered, it's hard to understand why we have not seen more startups from design agencies. It may be a question of risk aversion, when making the decision about investing resources into client acquisition, with a somewhat predictable medium term return versus launching startups, with a long-term uncertain return.
Design may also underestimate their capabilities to build a "bridge" straight from user insight to validation onto the market. This shortcut is very hard to duplicate for anybody who does not have such resources in-house. Ultimately this user driven process will allow more great ideas to be commercialized.
Special thanks to Martin Willers for researching and co-writing this article.
Follow Soren Petersen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/soreningomar
More:

Veteran journalist M.V. Kamath diesUpdated: October 10, 2014 02:50 IST
Veteran journalist M.V. Kamath dies
Ganesh Prabhu
The Hindu Journalist M.V. Kamath
TOPICS
death
Veteran journalist M.V. Kamath passed away in Manipal, Karnataka, on Thursday after a brief illness. He was 93.
“He died of a cardiac arrest at 7.30 a.m.,” said M. Dayananda, Medical Superintendent and COO of Kasturba Hospital. The funeral was held at the Beedinagudde crematorium in Udupi in the evening.
Mr. Kamath was known for his integrity as a journalist and his courage to call a spade a spade. But mainly, he did not allow his political views to colour his reportage of many epoch-making events across the globe. He worked as the Washington correspondent for The Times of India during 1969-78 and as Editor of the Illustrated Weekly of India from 1978 to 1981. He also served as foreign correspondent in Bonn and Paris.
After the BJP-led NDA came to power in 1998 under the leadership of Atal Behari Vajpayee, Mr. Kamath was named Chairman of the Prasar Bharati Board and subsequently in 2004 was conferred Padma Bhushan. In 2009, Mr. Kamath co-authored a book with Kalindi Randeri titled ‘Narendra Modi: The Architect of a Modern State’, at a time when the Gujarat Chief Minister was fighting off the political stigma of the 2002 riots. When Mr. Modi rose to take centre stage in national politics, a newer version of the book came out as ‘The Man of the Moment: Narendra Modi.’
A prolific writer, Kamath has some 50 odd books to his credit besides his regular columns which he continued to write till the last. His book ‘À Reporter At Large’, that reminisces on his experiences as a journalist in some of the most influential world capitals, is a must read for any aspiring journalist as well as writer.

Photos:  Blood moon  stuns sky watchersEYE BROWSE
Stunning images of 'blood moon'
Evening viewers in much of Asia and early risers in parts of the Americas were treated to a stunning lunar eclipse on Wednesday, though clouds obscured it for some.
Lucky ones saw the moon turn orange or red in what is known as a "blood moon." The hue results from sunlight scattering off Earth's atmosphere.
Whoops of joy erupted at the Sydney Observatory in Australia as the moon made a brief appearance. (Associated Press)
Gallery View:Stunning images of 'blood moon'

CignaTTK ties-up with Aditya Birla Money InsuranceUpdated: October 9, 2014 17:57 IST
CignaTTK ties-up with Aditya Birla Money Insurance
N. Ravi Kumar
Tweet
CignaTTK Health Insurance has entered into a distribution tie-up with Aditya Birla Money Insurance Advisory Services Ltd.
It is a corporate agency partnership the two entities have got into to provide health insurance solution, a press release on Thursday said.
“We will leverage Aditya Birla Money’s pan India presence to reach out to larger customer base,” said Sandeep Patel, Managing Director and CEO of CignaTTK Health Insurance Company Ltd. The company is a joint venture between the U.S. based Cigna Corporation and India’s TTK group.
Aditya Birla Money Mart Ltd. CEO Sudhakar Ramasubramanian said the partnership adds health insurance option to the financial services offerings to customers. Aditya Birla Money Insurance Advisory Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Aditya Birla Money Mart Ltd., which is part of the Aditya Birla group.

Cheap gas and green rules undermine coalCheap natural gas and emission rules darken future of US coal
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebef9f6-4f6f-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wells Fargo to pay $5 million to settle discrimination allegationsWells Fargo to pay $5 million to settle discrimination allegations
Wells Fargo
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
Wells Fargo, which says it intends to focus on private student loans, has not issued federal student loans since June 2010.
Wells Fargo, which says it intends to focus on private student loans, has not issued federal student loans since June 2010. (Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Tribune report
Feminism Discrimination
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) said Thursday it has reached a $5 million settlement with Wells Fargo's home mortgage unit over allegations that the lender discriminated against women who were pregnant or had recently given birth and on maternity leave.
The complaints included allegations that Wells Fargo, the nation’s largest provider of home loans, made loans unavailable based on sex and familial status or forced female applicants to end their maternity leave and return to work prior to closing on their loan.

Ex-Xstrata chief made bid for BHP assetsFormer Xstrata chief made bid for BHP Billiton assets
By Arash Massoudi and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c67a206-4fc2-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots test fiscal powers with tax revampScotland tests its fiscal powers with property tax revamp
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b77e27ce-4fd5-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Next up for Oracle v. Google -- the US Supreme CourtNext up for Oracle v. Google -- the US Supreme Court
Old Mutual drops IPO price for asset unitOld Mutual drops IPO price for asset unit
By Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ab51130-4f8b-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi  Jaitley warn Pakistanarmed conflict
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said Indian soldiers had responded with courage to ceasefire violations by Pakistan while Defence Minister Arun Jaitley called Pakistan the “aggressor” which would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost for its “adventurism.”
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Mr. Modi said.
Mr. Modi accused his political opponents of using the border situation for electoral gains.
“Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains.”
Giving Pakistan a stern warning, Mr. Jaitley said Pakistan has “clearly been the aggressor.”
“But it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
Senior officials said Pakistan Rangers targeted 60 border outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border, injuring three persons.
Pakistan’s Defence Minister Khwaja Asif warned India that it was fully capable of responding to any aggression. “We don’t want to convert the border tension between two nuclear neighbours into a confrontation,” he said.
(With additional reporting by Varghese K. George in Pune and PTI)

Grain Mostly Higher  and Beef Lower and Pork HigherKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Obamas Syria choices go from bad to worseObama’s Syria choices go from bad to worse
By Philip Stephens
The world’s most powerful leader has a blind spot about the exercise of power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c5476e0-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola  Enterovirus Fuel Demand for Protective GearKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Wall St. sells off on growth concerns; volatility picks upS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Muzaffarpur: CBI confirms girl waskilledPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:49 am
More than two years after 12-year-old Muzaffarpur girl Navaruna was kidnapped from her home, the CBI said the girl was killed soon after her abduction. A CBI team that visited Navaruna’s parents on Thursday revealed that a DNA sample of a skeleton found near the girl’s house in November 2012, matched those with her parents’ DNA.
The case was handed over to CBI this March after the girl’s parents were not satisfied with probe by the Criminal Investigation Department and refused to give their DNA sample.
Navaruna was kidnapped on the night of September 18, 2012 and it was suspected that land mafia was involved. The girl’s parents had agreed to sell their ancestral home, worth over Rs 1 crore, in Muzaffarpur, rejecting the offer of the land mafia, which also wanted the house. The state police’s probe, however, had been inconclusive on involvement of the land mafia.
Navaruna’s father Atulya Chakavarty said, “It has been painful end to our wait of over two years. We had been hoping that she was alive. It is all over now,” he said.
Now the CBI will have to deal with questions of who kidnapped the girl and who planted her skeleton in a nullah near her house.

After Karachi attack  Navy sounds alert on terror fromseaPrint
Written by Praveen Swami | Mumbai | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:47 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 9:00 am
The Indian Navy has placed warships on high alert for terrorist attacks on the high seas following last month’s near successful hijacking of a Pakistani missile frigate, military sources have told The Indian Express. The preparations come amidst new revelations that al-Qaeda’s Indian subcontinent wing had attempted to hijack the Pakistani missile frigate PNS Aslat to attack Indian warships.
Naval commanders, the sources said, had been asked to watch for unusual movements by Pakistani warships operating in the Indian ocean, and also to guard against strikes involving fishing boats rigged with explosives.
“The Navy has repeatedly rehearsed for terror attacks on the high seas since 26/11,” said Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, a naval analyst, “but the prospect that a Pakistani warship might go rogue and stage a sudden attack is a new order of threat altogether”.
In a dossier released online earlier this month, al-Qaeda said one of the two assault teams which staged a strike in Karachi on September 3 was to have seized PNS Aslat, a Chinese-made F-22 frigate inducted last year. The plan, it stated, was to “steer it towards Indian waters in order to attack Indian warships with anti-ship missiles”.
The second assault team, the dossier states, was charged with seizing the PNS Zulfikar, another F-22 type frigate, and using the vessel’s 72 mm anti-aircraft guns to shoot at a United States naval refuelling ship it was due to pull
alongside during an exercise.
“Mujahid brothers present on board PNS Zulfiqar were to target and destroy the American oil tanker with the 72 mm anti-aircraft guns on their frigate,” the dossier states. “Meanwhile, other brothers on PNS Zulfiqar would target the American frigate protecting USS Supply using four anti-ship guided missiles.”
Few details have been released by Pakistan’s government on the attack, though naval officers were reported to have been arrested in its wake. Pakistani authorities have said the assault teams were shot at a naval dockyard in Karachi, but al-Qaeda’s dossier states they seized control of both ships on the high seas, before being killed in a counter-attack.
“Due to this firefight with officials of the Pakistan Navy, the brothers were not able to fully execute the next part of their plan, namely the attack on American and Indian warships,” the dossier states.
The dossier contains photographs of assault team leaders Second Lieutenant Zeeshan Rafiq and former Second Lieutenant Owais Jakhrani, both of whom were killed in the fighting. It also asserts the other attackers “who attained martyrdom during this operation were serving officers of the Pakistan Navy”.
In October 2000, al-Qaeda had used a small craft to stage a suicide-bombing against the US guided-missile destroyer USS Cole, killing 17 sailors and injuring 39.
Meanwhile, naval officials said guarding against attacks in the Indian Ocean is difficult because of the large number of small ships operating in the waters, few of which are equipped with automatic identification systems, or AIS. “It’s often impossible to tell whether a fishing boat is part of the Indian fleet or not,” continued…

Govt behaving like Kumbhakarna:SCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:47 am
Unimpressed with the government’s response on the feasibility of hydro electric projects (HEPs) in Uttarakhand, the Supreme Court Thursday drew a parallel between the Centre and the Ramayana’s demon Kumbhakarna, asking what it would take to wake them up.
Kumbhakarna, Ravana’s younger brother, is believed to be a dozing behemoth, waking up once every six months.
A bench of Justices Dipak Misra and Rohinton F Nariman said the government could be compared to Kumbhakarna, for it was sleeping over reports on determining the feasibility of 24 projects in Uttarakhand despite several reminders from the court.
“It is the fault of the Union of India. You (government) are behaving like Kumbhakarna. The reports should have been here… before us, as we asked you repeatedly on the last date of hearing. He was always sleeping and so do you,” observed the bench.
It strongly disapproved of the government’s failure to adduce specific reports regarding every project that had been stalled by the court in August 2013 after noting they were significantly impacting biodiversity in two sub-basins of the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers.
“How can the government act in such a cavalier manner? We wanted you to give us a report on each and every project so that we could examine them individually. We don’t appreciate the manner in which the government has conducted itself,” it said.
As it questioned the government’s real intention, the Centre’s counsel R S Sodhi said they were committed to ensuring that biodiversity of the region is not disturbed and no clearance is granted to any HEP until and unless it satisfied all the fundamental criteria.
“This (HEP) was the executive’s baby. Now you have to decide whether this baby needs to be nurtured and protected or not. Ecological balance also needs to be maintained. We would say that a balanced approach is required… Electricity also needs to be generated. A holistic view is therefore required,” said the bench.

India need to find solutions at top and tail of thebowlingIndia are yet to find the bowlers who will do the job in the death overs (Source: PTI)
Written by Harsha Bhogle | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:39 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:00 pm
The clock on the ICC website tells me there are 127 days to go for the World Cup as I write this. That is a long time and there are many battles to be fought before that. You need to win those but by now, every team will have one eye on what their best combination should be in Australia and New Zealand. Those aren’t necessarily conflicting objectives, though and India will have both in front of them as they play the one-dayers against the West Indies.
On the face of it, it would seem India won’t learn much from these games, and while the West Indies haven’t done a lot to suggest they can hit the high notes in Indian conditions, over-confidence has often been the first step towards a disjointed performance. Much like the stars of their past did in England in the seventies and eighties, this lot of players play a lot of cricket in India. They will play well and indeed, the harder they play, the better it will be for India, for these are the last few one-day games India get before the World Cup squad assembles in Australia in early January for the tri-series.
And so, India need to find the right people for three key roles over the next fortnight. In a largely settled side India need to be certain of who opens the batting, who takes the new ball (or new balls really), and who bowls at the death. There is a school of thought that there is a fourth concern, the performance of the spinners in overseas conditions, but that is a by-product of the way the new-ball bowlers bowl.
The first of those seems to have been decided and I believe that is the right decision. MS Dhoni thinks Ajinkya Rahane is a better player at the top of the order and Rohit Sharma more valuable in the middle and on issues of ability and temperament both, that is the right call. It might seem to consign to the bin an investment in Rohit Sharma as an opener for almost two years, but like with your portfolio, if a better option comes along you divest. Rahane is more compact and more composed at the top, Rohit can be explosive at the end. It was an easy decision to take especially after Rahane’s emergence as a classy all-conditions cricketer. I think it might also have been prompted by the indifferent form Shikhar Dhawan is in. One opener needs to be solid and as Rahane showed in England, he can be that and go on to get a run-a-ball century.
I like the fact too that the decision has been taken early so Rahane can start imagining himself in that role. continued…
The new ball is the bigger issue. India get wickets slower than most other top teams and that means opposition batsmen can settle in

Chopper scam: Two ex-bosses of Finmeccanica cleared of graftcorruption & bribery
Former Finmeccanica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini were today acquitted of corruption charges by an Italian court in the Rs. 3,600 crore VVIP chopper deal with India but were sentenced to two-year jail term on lesser charges of falsification of invoices.
“Former Finmeccannica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini were acquitted of charges of international corruption in relation to alleged bribes paid to land a contract to sell 12 helicopters to the Indian government,” Italian news agency Ansa reported.
However, both Mr. Orsi and Mr. Spagnolini were convicted of false invoicing and sentenced to two years in prison in a separate case, the agency said. They were also asked to pay €1.5 million in compensation to the Italian tax authorities, a plaintiff in the criminal case.
On January 1, India scrapped the contract with Finmeccanica’s British subsidiary AgustaWestland for supplying 12 AW101 VVIP choppers to the Air Force for alleged breach of contractual obligations and charges of paying kickbacks to the tune of Rs. 360 crore by it for securing the deal. The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate are still probing the case in India where former IAF Chief S.P. Tyagi and his cousins are alleged to be the beneficiaries.
The ED has booked Mr. Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke, four firms — Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland and Chandigarh-based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix, two companies based in Mauritius and Tunisia, few other firms and unknown persons in CBI’s criminal complaint.
In view of the corruption charges, India has also barred Finmeccanica and its group companies from participating in defence ministry tenders. After the court verdict, Mr. Orsi said his acquittal from international corruption charges was “expected”. “I didn’t expect anything different as I didn’t commit the act,” he said.

TECH STOCKS: Apple A Rare Gainer As Tech Stocks RetreatTECH STOCKS: Apple A Rare Gainer As Tech Stocks Retreat
U.S. says hope airport Ebola screenings will extend internationallyU.S. says hope airport Ebola screenings will extend internationally
France s Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for LiteratureFrance s Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for Literature
Weaker Dollar Leaves Crude Oil MixedWeaker Dollar Leaves Crude Oil Mixed
More Health Workers Hospitalized in SpainMore Health Workers Hospitalized in Spain
Coalition Steps Up Syria AirstrikesCoalition Steps Up Syria Airstrikes
Pre-deposit must for filing appealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hero MotoCorp launches Splendor Pro Classic  Passion Pro TRNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 16:12 IST
Hero MotoCorp launches Splendor Pro Classic, Passion Pro TR
IANS
automobile
Two wheeler major Hero MotoCorp on Wednesday launched two 100 cc motorcycles - Splendor Pro Classic and Passion Pro TR - priced between Rs.48,650 and Rs.51,550.
The company launched Splendor Pro Classic, which has a cafe racer styling, is priced at Rs. 48,650 and an on-road-off-road motorcycle Passion Pro TR at Rs. 51,550. All prices are ex-showroom Delhi.
The Splendor Pro Classic comes with an air-cooled four-stroke single cylinder engine that delivers maximum power of 8.24 BHP at 8,000 RPM.
“It offers a distinct riding experience with its cafe racer styling, including classic single seat, vintage style cafe cowl, sporty handle bar, classic round headlight and tail light and classic round speedometer,” the company said in a statement.
The Passion Pro TR comes with an air-cooled, four-stroke single cylinder engine that delivers maximum power of 7.7 bhp at 7,500 RPM.
“The Passion Pro TR offers an off-pavement ride capacity with its new external features, that include sturdier handlebars with cross brace, high front fender with hugger, and knee pad for better grip,” the statement added.
Hero MotoCorp had reported over 30 per cent jump in sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.

Actor  Avenger  autophileThomas Keller, fast-food chef
In Kill the Messenger , opening 10 October in the US, Renner portrays Gary Webb, the San Jose Mercury News reporter who unravelled a bizarre chapter in unofficial US political involvement in Central America and the drug trade – only to see his own life unravel in the process.
During a promotional swing through New York, Renner sat with BBC Autos to discuss the new project, as well as temperamental British convertibles, resto-modded motorcycles and the primary importance of a free press.
Brett Berk: The political revelations in this movie are quite disruptive, as are their effects of on your character, Gary Webb. How important is it for you that a role has this kind of alignment: a message and a meaty part to play?
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
Jeremy Renner: All of those things are very important. I feel like every job has to have a few things there for me to want to go do it, and this one had all of those things, plus it being a true story based on a real guy. It was terrible what happened to him, and it was an important story for me to tell, to push up that hill.
Gary Webb’s career was destroyed in no small part by his peers at the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times and other publications. Many of these players are still active in journalism. How do you expect them to respond to this movie?
I don’t know; I didn’t make the movie for them. There have been public statements and people backtracking over these last 10 years anyway. So I think that if a really great apology were to come from a newspaper, if they were to say that we wish we had spent more time furthering his story rather than breaking him down as a journalist, maybe that would be a good thing to do. But it’s all capitalism and politics.
The Triumph TR6 convertible that Gary drives in Kill the Messenger seems like a very specific choice. How do you think that vehicle connects with or reflects on the character you portray?
He goes against the grain. It’s not a typical car that you would find in a father with kids – squishing all of them in the back to go to school. He’s kind of loose that way. He was that way with his writing, with his music. Maybe he’s disruptive. He’s an adventurer.
If you could pick out a vehicle that communicates to the world who you really are as a person, what might it be?
I’m a big car guy. I love the look of old cars, but I like modern technology. I love an old Camaro, but I also love four-wheel disc brakes – to be able to stop the car when I need to be able to stop. I love the handling of cars nowadays, versus the screech of an old Chevelle coming around a corner. And I’m a big motorcycle guy. But again, if I’m on two wheels, I want disc brakes, I want modern technology. For example, the Norton Commando was a cool, stylish bike. They just came out with a new one that’s beefier and much more modern, but has the same kind of classic styling of the ‘60s and ‘70s. So that’s coming to me in November or December. That’s a really good representation of who I am: classic styling, modern technology.
Renner at the 2012 Australian premiere of The Bourne Legacy. (Don Arnold/WireImage/Getty)
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you in a car?
The only wreck I’ve ever been in wasn’t with another car. It was with a parked utility worker’s flatbed truck. And that’s kind of embarrassing, since I hit a stationary object. But I was in the middle of a country road, and there was just nothing out there. And I came out of a canal bank and this guy was just in the middle of the road, and I just – splat.
Funny enough, the city always wins those scenarios. Even though he was parked in the middle of the road, and there wasn’t even a cone out, he was ‘supposed to be there’. This was when I was very young, 19 or 20. If I’d had any wherewithal, I guess I could have gotten a new car out of the deal, but no. They gave me a hundred bucks – it was an old Eagle, some interim car between another car of mine being broken down. I wasn’t injured, but the car was done.
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Review: Edward Kleinbard s  We Are Better Than ThisWhen it comes to fiscal policy -- government taxes and spending -- there's a lot we Americans get wrong.
We think we're taxed a lot more heavily than our counterparts in other countries.
If we're conservative, we think any bump up in tax rates will have terrible unintended consequences.
If we're liberal, we insist on progressivity -- higher tax rates on higher incomes -- on the tax side without much thought about the spending side.
We're endlessly told that reducing the budget deficit is essential.
Then we're told that we can have all the government we want while cutting taxes.
And don't even think about trying to get to the bottom of these assertions from the media or many of today's "think tanks." Vested interests purchase not only the airspace to promulgate their biases; they buy the think tanks to give them the answers they want.
Forget truth. You'll be lucky if you uncover some truthiness.
What's that? You're headed over the Congressional Budget Office website to get the nonpartisan story straight from the budget wonks? Well, I hope you've decided which "baseline" to use (current law vs. alternative), not to mention which economic and technical assumptions you accept. You'll also need an intravenous caffeine feed.
Let's face it, America. We really need someone to help us to get to bottom of these existential fiscal questions in a way that goes down pretty easy.
Turns out, we're in luck. Ed Kleinbard is a tax expert who embodies one of my personal touchstones: if you really understand something, you can explain it to anyone. His new book , We Are Better Than This: How Government Should Spend Our Money, will not only help you separate the sense from the nonsense in America's fiscal debate. Far more importantly, it will remind you why we need a functional federal government and the extremely high costs in terms of our economic well-being, today and tomorrow, of its absence.
Kleinbard describes himself as a "Dutch uncle" which the dictionary tells me is someone who admonishes sternly and bluntly... tells us the hard truths whether we want to hear them or not. But he's actually considerably friendlier than that, and while the book is dense with subject matter that ranges from the national income accounting system to the precise definition of capital income in the tax code, he works hard to make it all reader friendly.
Moreover, though Kleinbard is a technical analyst with long experience in both the private and public sector, his heart is as big as his brain. The book has a strong moral compass and even amidst the underbrush of the national revenue and outlays tables, he consistently summons his compass to point the way back to his theme.
Which is this:
Yes, markets are often highly efficient and good at what they do. But they don't do everything by a long shot. We need a highly functional and amply funded government sector to invest in public goods, offset market failures, and provide social insurance.
Each chapter explores some dimension of this theme. The early chapters take on the government-disparaging market triumphalists (his term), emphasizing their need to ingest a sizable chill pill. Markets fail all over the place, with the Great Recession as exhibit A (and don't try to tell Kleinbard that it was government housing programs that inflated that bubble; he's got the evidence to show otherwise). Moreover, their view that government is always and everywhere the enemy of markets is ahistorical extremism that has helped give birth to the dysfunctionality that now plagues us.
And Kleinbard puts not too fine a point on it:
"Market triumphalism confuses national income with national welfare; it ignores the positive returns to government insurance and government investment; it confuses life outcomes with the hand of Providence; and it justifies a distasteful narcissism and possessiveness toward all material goods. It enables the unreflective affluent to sleep at night, their consciousness assuaged by its message that their success is explained by their own admirable virtues alone."
As my 14-year-old would say: "shots fired!"
One of the more important subthemes here is that taxes are not by definition job-killing or spirit-crushing. They are, in fact (and he's got these facts in there too), on the low side compared to that of other advanced economies. Also, to get slightly technical, Kleinbard importantly stresses that far too much of the tax debate today assumes huge, negative "elasticities," meaning undesirable responses to higher taxes.
This is the idea that if taxes on earnings or wealth go up at all, people will react by working less, saving less, investing less, and they'll generally just mope around instead of being productive (the obverse of this -- cutting taxes will increase growth -- is the thoroughly debunked notion of trickle down economics).
Kleinbard points out that reality, unsurprisingly, is a lot more nuanced, and the historical record shows that the U.S. economy has done well when tax rates were higher while other countries manage to flourish with a much larger public sector than our own. He reasonably calls for a return to the Clinton-era tax rates, a period when not only jobs, growth, and productivity performed significantly better than today, but prosperity was more broadly shared and the budget achieved surplus.
He also, however, has an important message for liberals: stop being so obsessed with progressivity in the tax code (a progressive tax code is one where rates rise with incomes). It's not, as you can pretty easily glean from the above quote, that his heart bleeds for Romney's "makers" versus the left's "takers." In fact, he shows how wrong that construct is, demonstrating that once you factor in the full spate of taxes, almost everyone contributes something.
But what matters to Kleinbard, and he's surely got a point, is the progressivity of taxing and spending. He writes: "Our greatest public finance mistake over the last few decades has been to obsess over tax policy, while simultaneously failing to have serious and rational debates over spending policy."
For the record, I'd argue that our greatest recent fiscal mistake, and Europe is getting this even more wrong than we did, was austerity in the face of recession. But broadly speaking, he's right. By putting taxing so far in front of spending, we're putting the cart before the horse and it has profoundly distorted our national debate. Instead of thinking clearly about where, in advanced economies, markets leave off and government must pick up, we fight tooth and nail over basis points (hundredths of a percentage point) on tax rates.
Of course, and Kleinbard gets this, the debate we're having is much the one that those who benefit from the status quo would like us to have. If we were instead to recognize the essential role of government in fighting climate change, the deteriorating quality of our public goods, the need to invest in the education and mobility of the poor, the inherent efficiency of pooling risk through the large social insurance programs, including Social Security, Medicare, and now Obamacare, and critically, the positive interaction of these functions with the market economy, we'd have a much more meaningful national discussion.
Sure, that conversation would cause great discomfort to the market triumphalists, which Kleinbard would view as a feature, not a bug.
That's the conversation Kleinbard's trying to generate here, but while I found his book uplifting and optimistic in terms of its aspirations for us, I fear that he will not succeed in steering us there.
The reason is in the very first word of the title: "We Are Better than This." Just who is this "We" he keeps talking about? More than any time in our recent history, we are balkanized by income, class, ideology, religion, politics, race, and pretty much every other dimension you can think of. And if there is no coherent "we" then there can be no clear path for "us" to take together that we make us "better than this."
Popular graphics like this one show that we are a more partisan than ever, and this is a fundamental problem for anyone seeking a solution that makes sense to a majority willing to take action to get us on a better path.
Kleinbard's book doesn't deal with this. That's not so much a critique -- the book covers more than enough ground and does so in fact-based detail. Like Adam Smith, whom he cites throughout, Kleinbard is a moral philosopher. He sits astride society with tax tables and charts and thinks clearly, with great depth and insight, about what a better society would look like.
But not unlike the progressives whom he insists mustn't obsess over taxes without considering spending, a vision of where we should be doesn't get us there. Somehow, we need to get to a place where there is enough of a national "we" that wants to be better than we are today. At that point, this book will be invaluable.
This post originally appeared at Jared Bernstein's On The Economy blog.
Follow Jared Bernstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/econjared
More:

I Got It From the Beginning : What Five Years of Vicious Retaliatory Litigation Gets Chevronreddit
Chevron recently filed its responsive brief in the appeal of its infamous civil RICO case, the retaliatory lawsuit that the oil giant filed against its Ecuadorian victims and their lawyers in U.S. federal court mere days before an Ecuadorian court came down with a massive environmental verdict against the company, in favor of those victims, won by those lawyers.  Facing actions to enforce the Ecuadorian judgment around the globe, in which one of the few available defenses is "fraud," the RICO lawsuit claimed, surprise surprise, that the entire Ecuadorian environmental case was a "fraud."  It went further, claiming that the victims' and the lawyers' public activism surrounding the case was not free speech but actionable "extortion."
To support its claims, Chevron paid an impoverished and admittedly corrupt former Ecuadorian judge tens of thousands of dollars in cash and moved him and his extended family to a life of relative luxury in the United States (all despite clear ethical prohibitions on paying fact witnesses), in exchange for the judge's shifting testimony that he had heard a bribe was paid by the Ecuadorians in the environmental case.  Chevron and its army of over a hundred lawyers introduced testimony by "secret" witnesses that the defendants were not allowed to hear; they managed to exclude all evidence of environmental contamination and the other good faith bases for the environmental case, as well as evidence of Chevron's own misdeeds in the Ecuador litigation; they seamlessly edited key video footage to take out parts they didn't like and change its meaning; and most importantly, they abruptly dropped all money damages claims on the eve of trial so that they could avoid having to present the case to a jury of regular U.S. citizens and instead have it decided by one man: the presiding judge, Lewis A. Kaplan.
In March 2014, Kaplan issued a 500+ page opinion that gave Chevron nearly everything it asked for on the law and adopted every aspect of Chevron's "fraud" narrative, completely ignoring the powerful and at times devastating contrary evidence that the small and admittedly "rag tag" group of lawyers for the defense (I can say this because I was one of them) managed to cobble together during the trial.  That 500-page decision is now on appeal. Defendant Steven Donziger's and the Ecuadorians' briefs were submitted a few months ago , along with several amicus briefs by non-profits , law professors , and the Republic of Ecuador .
While Chevron likes to pretend that Kaplan's decision is a juggernaut, it is increasingly apparent that it is really a Hindenburg, likely facing a spectacular implosion on appeal.  It is too controversial on too many fronts: too many sweeping jurisdictional assertions and novel legal conclusions; too little concern for core constitutional rights; too easy an embrace of deeply disturbing evidence, like the paid fact witness testimony; and ultimately, so much raw hostility directed at the defendants, on every page for 500 pages, that it starts to feel unseemly, no matter what your view of the facts.  As a result, Chevron and its allies, including the small cadre of corporate legal reporters who have adoringly covered the RICO case over the last few years, have subtly started backing away from the decision -- to an extent.  One of those reporters, Paul Barrett of Businessweek, who went so far as to publish a book celebrating Chevron's RICO case and counter-attack strategy, published an item on Chevron's appeal brief last week.  Here is the quote that Chevron's lead lawyer, Randy Mastro, gave Barrett for the story:
Judge Kaplan's extensive factual findings, detailed in a 485-page post-trial decision, stand virtually unchallenged on this appeal. So whatever else now happens, those compelling findings will remain the definitive word on the travesty to which Chevron has been subjected in Ecuador.
No one ever accused Randy Mastro of being subtle.  The fact that Chevron is so aggressively trying to cover its rear before the appeal has even been heard -- before it has even been fully briefed -- speaks volumes.
One is initially attempted to call this a "Plan B" type strategy, resorted to now that Chevron is finally being forced to confront the deep problems underlying its RICO case.  But in fact, it's Plan A.  Chevron and its lawyers, after all, composed the RICO score from which Judge Kaplan sang his 500 pages.  They know the fatal flaws of the RICO case better than anyone.  And no one challenges their shrewdness, so it can't seriously be argued they did not see this coming.  Indeed, the strategy of relying on Judge Kaplan's "factual findings" even if Kaplan is reversed on appeal has been floated by Chevron for years, and was even practiced by Chevron back in 2011 when an earlier appealed decision by Kaplan was "vacated in its entirety" by the appellate court, yet Chevron continued to assert the vitality of Kaplan's factual findings in various collateral litigation.  The plan here -- Plan A -- is to keep flogging Kaplan's "factual findings" in enforcement courts around the world even if he is reversed on appeal.
That's why Footnote 19 of Chevron's recent appellate brief is is really the only thing noteworthy in its 185 pages.  At the end of the day, assuming the appellate court will not be able to stomach Kaplan's countless legal and jurisdictional overreaches, what Chevron really wants from the appellate court is sort of a leg up in the largely rhetorical battle to come about what significance Kaplan's "findings" have in the event the legal and jurisdictional foundations that purportedly allowed him to make those findings are swept away.  Chevron's hope:
Even if this Court were to find that private plaintiffs may not obtain equitable relief under RICO and vacate the injunction, it should exercise its remedial power to uphold the district court's detailed factual findings regarding Donziger's RICO liability. "[F]ederal courts have the power to award any appropriate relief in a cognizable cause of action brought pursuant to a federal statute." Franklin, 503 U.S. at 70-71. . . . In this case, where the centerpiece of Donziger's ongoing racketeering is and has been a series of falsehoods that culminate in a fraudulent judgment, a freestanding determination of the true facts is more than "appropriate" -- it is critical.
There is no shortage of jurisdictional, constitutional, international comity, and other legal problems with this argument, of course.  But, if the reality is that what Chevron wants from the RICO case is not an injunction but a "freestanding determination of the true facts," how fundamentally wrong is that? Isn't it entitled to the truth?
Even setting aside the fact that truth cannot possibly arise from a process as tainted as the RICO proceeding, for the reasons indicated above and many more, it is apparent that the "truth" in Kaplan's judgment is Chevron's truth: a carefully crafted blend of truth, untruth, and a-truth, that coheres into a deeply self-interested and, I believe, fundamentally false narrative designed to help Chevron fight the Ecuadorian environmental liability for decades to come.  For Chevron, the prospect of getting that "truth" robed in the garb of U.S. judicial authority has always been Plan A, and was conceived well before the RICO case even began, as Judge Kaplan worked his way through a series of pre-cursor discovery cases Chevron brought against Donziger and others.  At the very first hearing in Donziger's discovery case, Judge Kaplan expounded from the bench as to what he thought of Mr. Donziger and the historic environmental litigation in Ecuador that Mr. Donziger had worked on for nearly 20 years:
The imagination of American lawyers is just without parallel in the world. It is our one absolutely overwhelming comparative advantage against the rest of the world, apart from medicine. You know, we used to do a lot of other things. Now we cure people and we kill them with interrogatories. It's a sad pass. But that's where we are. And Mr. Donziger is trying to become the next big thing in fixing the balance of payments deficit. I got it from the beginning.
A month later, Kaplan ordered Donziger to hand over to Chevron his entire Ecuador case file: 17 years worth of attorney-client communications and confidential files.  Donziger ultimately had to hand over his whole hard drive, containing everything, including his personal diary, which Chevron later used against him in court.  A few months after this discovery order, Chevron's lawyers filed the RICO case.  Judge Kaplan assigned the case to himself.  Various lawyers entered the case for Donziger and the Ecuadorians, but all were forced to withdraw for lack of funds (when Chevron effectively froze the defendants' ability to raise money) and out of disgust with the way Judge Kaplan was managing the proceedings.  Nationally renowned defense attorney John Keker, a former marine and as august a member of the bar as can be found, withdrew by way of a letter to the judge calling the proceedings a "Dickensian farce."  As Marissa Vahlsing, an attorney at Earthrights International who took a leave of absence from her job to volunteer as a defense attorney throughout the trial in New York last fall, wrote in a powerful blog earlier this year , the truth of the Ecuadorian victims of Chevron's contamination, and of Steven Donziger, never stood a chance in Kaplan's court.
Chevron knew perfectly the "truth" it would get out of Kaplan.  It got that "truth" memorialized in "factual findings," no matter how flawed and one-sided those findings are.  The battle in the Ecuador case in years to come will be about pitching, in enforcement courts, the authority of the "truth" from one U.S. judge (no matter what the appellate court does) against the truth of eight years of environmental litigation, 20 years of struggle by communities affected by contamination, and a final judgment of Ecuador's highest court.
The idea that U.S. judicial authority can be deployed so neatly in service of a single private interest, even (or especially) one of the country's most powerful corporations, is a bit hard to swallow, at least for me.  Others, it seems, got it from the beginning.
Follow Aaron Marr Page on Twitter: www.twitter.com/forumnobis
More:

Reliance Industries to complete Rs 20 000 cr investment in MP by March 2016E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Observations of a Freelancerreddit
For almost a full year, I was in an amazing relationship. We had tremendous respect for each other, the perfect amount of give and take -- it was easy. No one ever felt like they were working too hard to make things work. I was happy. They were happy. It was as close to relationship bliss as I've ever encountered.
Unfortunately, I'm not talking about a romantic relationship. The near perfect year of my advertising career was the year I worked as a freelancer.
I'd heard amazing things about freelancing. How freeing it was; liberating to be able to come and go (practically) at will. How the hours tended to be more reasonable because when you're being paid a day rate, overtime gets expensive for companies.
More and more these days, advertising is being taken over by freelancers. Since so much of what we do is seasonal and the business operates by hiring people to work on specific brands rather than spacing them out over a range of them, it can be difficult to find enough projects to support a full-time salary. Instead, companies hire employees on a need-to-have basis. This way, if they're good, they can be rotated within a company on various projects rather than assigned to a specific one. Salaries can be more easily justified that way. Sure the work can be sporadic, but the day rate more than compensates for periods of downtime. When I began looking for opportunities, there was work aplenty.
And so, after finishing a year and a half at my third full-time agency job, I embarked into the wide world of freelance. A friend of a friend who was in need of a copywriter partner recruited me. The gig was at a company I'd previously sniffed around for a full-time role. My (future) partner and I had a phone call. We vibed instantly. He told me the pay was good, the work interesting and the environment mellow. They needed us for a month-long project. I didn't need much convincing.
I started the following week and for the first time in my career, felt truly respected. My coworkers were amazing, I enjoyed the work I was producing and, in a business as fickle and cruel as advertising can be, I was lauded daily for my efforts. We did well and were given relative autonomy on our projects. The best part? As a freelancer, I got to keep out of the office politics -- the facet I loathe most about the advertising business. I was getting paid to do a job and as long as I did it, everyone was happy. On top of all this, my partner was amazing which certainly helped -- in advertising, there's nothing quite as important as the relationship between copywriter and art director, and as far as partners go, I'd hit the jackpot.
What started as a month-long project turned into two, then three, then four... you get the point. Every time we got an extension, I breathed a sigh of relief. I was in the clear for a bit longer. But every month that passed, I asked myself, was I capable of this uncertainty? Could I thrive not knowing what tomorrow would bring?
Whereas some fellow freelancing friends told me they loved the week on, week off dynamic because it gave them a chance to relax or focus on other projects, I didn't look forward to the down time -- I was terrified of it. I don't like to think of myself as being defined by my career but I'm a person who thrives on routine and genuinely enjoys what I do. The prospect of not working, even for a week or two, was tantamount to my worst nightmare. After a half a year had passed, it seemed like our contracts would/could be extended indefinitely and though this certainly helped ease my anxious nerves, every time 'the final date' approached, I'd freak out.
Over the course of the year, I interviewed -- and was offered -- full-time jobs at various agencies. But since my freelance situation was so ideal, I knew it would take a near perfect opportunity to make me leave. That said, even with my freelance rate, Obamacare was still a hefty monthly load and, as a woman who at the age of 15 told my parents I needed to open a credit card to begin building a line of credit for my future, the absence of my beloved 401K frustrated me every single day.
As we were coming up on month ten of our time at this company, a recruiter reached out to me with an opportunity that sounded pretty close to perfect. Unlike most advertising interview processes, this one was fast and furious -- I was offered a job the day I met with the company. A week later, I accepted and have been working there ever since. My new job is great. My coworkers are lovely, the work is challenging and the opportunities vast.
Nearly two months in, a part of me feels like I got what I wanted. The 'coveted ring on my finger'. The mutual commitment. I have a great health insurance package, just signed up for my 401K contributions and get to take advantage of company perks. But even with all the positives, I'd be lying to say there aren't days that I wake up wishing I were still single ... and freelancing.
Follow Jamie Silverman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TalksWStrangers
More:

Protecting Families on Maternity Leave From Banks Refusing Loans Is a Victory for Fair Housingreddit
When we hear that a mother is on maternity leave, most of us smile and realize it's a special time in that family's life. But what HUD has found is that often banks hear something else -- they hear something that in a steady stream of cases has led lenders to deny, stall or question the home mortgage loans for expecting families.
In many cases, it wasn't the family's credit or income that stalled the loans -- it was simply the words "maternity leave." Today, HUD announced a settlement with a national lender over alleged maternity leave lending discrimination -- this time with Wells Fargo, the nation's largest home mortgage company. As part of the settlement, Wells Fargo will compensate families who experienced discrimination because they were pregnant or on maternity leave when they applied for a loan. There are more details included in the settlement which I encourage you to read at HUD.gov .
In settling these cases, HUD has been able to get significant relief for families and also, just as important, to change bank policies around the country.
In these investigations, we've seen allegations that lenders denied or delayed loans to women who were pregnant or on maternity leave based solely on assumptions that they were unwilling or unable to return to work after giving birth, or that they could not afford mortgage payments while on leave, even when there was paid leave. It's unquestionably wrong that a family would unfairly lose out on buying a home or refinancing a loan at any time, but especially at a time when they need it most.
Since 2010, HUD has conducted an intensive campaign to end maternity leave-related lending discrimination. This is done under the Fair Housing Act . We've opened more than 15 maternity leave discrimination investigations this year alone, and investigated some 170 complaints involving maternity leave discrimination allegations since 2010.
Our work in this area has real and immediate meaning for many families. In a case this summer involving Greenlight Financial, California father Jonathan Alvanos told The Washington Post : "I couldn't believe they would say 'You are pregnant and can't refinance. They called it just another form of disability. But I thought that's discrimination on a few different levels. You basically are telling me that my wife and unborn child are a liability. I contacted HUD. I'm glad to know they can't just walk over everyone."
Our work continues. Educating families and lenders on their Fair Housing rights and responsibilities will continue to be critical. For this, we often partner with MomsRising to spread the word to moms and to continue collecting stories from families.
Our nation will never fulfill its full promise if any of its citizens are being denied a fair chance to own or rent a home because of what they look like, where they come from, who they love and other circumstances of life. With our fair housing efforts, we're going to help ensure that every American has the chance to pursue housing opportunities free from discrimination.
Follow Julián Castro on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SecretaryCastro
More:

Eurozone faces  serious risk  of new recessi...Eurozone faces 'serious risk' of new recession, says IMF
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 09.49PM IST
If the eurozone continues to stall, IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard warned, "it would be the major issue confronting the world economy."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Thursday that the eurozone could fall back into recession if action is not taken to prevent it.
"We are not suggesting that the zone is heading toward recession, but we are saying that there is a serious risk that that happens if nothing is done," she said.
Lagarde said that the IMF puts the chance of the euro area slipping back to a prolonged contraction at 35-40 percent -- "not insignificant," she added.
"If the right policies are decided, if both surplus and deficit countries do what they have to do, it is avoidable."
Lagarde was speaking at a press conference to kick off the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank in Washington.
The IMF earlier this week cut its baseline forecast for growth in the 18-nation eurozone to 0.8 percent this year and 1.3 percent next year. But with deflation a growing threat and demand and industrial output falling even in eurozone powerhouse Germany , a worse outcome is possible,.
Lagarde said only a "very modest part" of the eurozone slowdown can be blamed on the Ukraine crisis and the economic sanctions western Europe and the United States have placed on Russia .
If the eurozone continues to stall, IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard warned on Tuesday, "it would be the major issue confronting the world economy."

Cut off from school  children in Ebola-stricken Sierra Leone get lessons by radioBy Abby Ohlheiser October 9 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A humanitarian worker in Freetown talks to children about preventing and identifying Ebola on Sept. 18. (Michael Duff/Associated Press)
Because of the Ebola epidemic, schools are closed in Sierra Leone, a country with about 2 million school-aged children. So as the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history continues to rage , government officials have launched a project to deliver school lessons to those kids over the airwaves.
For six days a week, Sierra Leone's children can listen to four-hour lessons on dozens of the country's radio stations, along with its only television channel, the AFP reported .
It's hardly a perfect solution, but it seems to be the best option for education officials: As the Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools's Sylvester Meheaux told the AFP, schools there probably won't open until early 2015 at the soonest.
A single mother named Fatima Sheriff, living in Freetown, told the AFP she was worried the school closures would hit young, school-aged girls the hardest as "the end of their educational dreams as the choice of the going into prostitution and other vices loom."
UNICEF estimates at least 3,700 children in West Africa have lost one or both parents to Ebola since the outbreak began this summer. These three siblings in Monrovia struggle to get by together. (AP)
The government program, which launched this week, has the support of many education advocates working in the country, including UNICEF.
Uche Ezirim, a Freetown-based education manager for UNICEF, said the lessons were critical for Sierra Leone's children, given that the Ebola epidemic effectively means that "school children cannot come together in a classroom to learn," without fear of catching the deadly virus.
The lessons, Ezirim added, will cover primary, secondary and senior secondary students, as well as a weekly preschool lesson on Fridays.
School-aged children make up a significant portion of Sierra Leone's population of nearly 6 million. By secondary school, however, only about 40 percent of male and 33 percent of female students still attend classes, according to UNICEF's statistics . About 75 percent of primary school-aged kids attend school.
Radio could very well be the best option while schools are closed: A 2007 study found that radio access in Sierra Leone ranges from 65 to 96 percent, with access higher in major cities.
However, that includes both those who own a radio and those who have access to someone else's. The actual ownership rate is about 25 percent across the country, according to the AFP.
UNICEF, Ezirim said, is trying to help the government maximize how many students are actually able to hear these lessons by "using village town criers to reach every house hold where there is a school-aged child to listen to the radio lessons."
The Ministry of Education Science and Technology is encouraging parents to keep their children chore-free during the lesson times.

CAIT wants govt crackdown against eCommerce firms Amazon  Flipkart  Snapdeal over discountsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall Street down 1 per cent on global growth concernsWall Street down 1 per cent on global growth concerns
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 11.43PM IST
The day's losses were broad, with all ten primary S&P 500 sectors down on the day, though the losses were outsized in cyclical groups tied to the pace of economic growth.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell more than 1 per cent on Thursday, erasing the previous session's sharp rally as concerns grew over the pace of economic growth .
"Weakness continues to pervade European economies , and that's leading to some nervousness will how earnings will play out," said Bill Lynch, director of investments at Hinsdale Associates, in Hinsdale, Illinois.
German exports slumped by 5.8 per cent in August, the biggest drop since January 2009, following data earlier this week that showed industrial orders and output suffered their steepest drops in more than five years.
Energy shares were by far the weakest on the day, dropping 3.6 per cent in their biggest one-day decline since April 2013. Chevron Corp fell 2.9 per cent to $114.60 while Exxon Mobil lost 2.8 per cent to $91.97. Crude oil lost 1.8 per cent to $85.72 per barrel.
The day's losses were broad, however, with all ten primary S&P 500 sectors down on the day, though the losses were outsized in cyclical groups tied to the pace of economic growth.
Material shares fell 2.1 per cent while industrial shares lost 1.9 per cent. Among specific names, US Steel Corp fell 7.2 per cent to $33.95 while Caterpillar Inc sank 3.1 per cent to $93.67.
Adding to the market's worries, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned about the disconnect between when the stock market expects the US central bank to begin raising rates, and when the Fed itself does.
"The markets are making a mistake," Bullard said. "I have been concerned that the market path of interest rates is lagging behind what the committee is thinking. When there is a mismatch, it doesn't end well."
Wall Street had its biggest one-day advance of the year on Wednesday, after the Fed reassured investors that the first rate hike would come when economic data indicated the market could withstand an increase.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 289.6 points, or 1.7 per cent, to 16,704.62, the S&P 500 lost 33.35 points, or 1.69 per cent, to 1,935.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 74.36 points, or 1.66 per cent, to 4,394.23.
Markets have been volatile of late, with the S&P 500 posting a move greater than 1 per cent in four of the past five trading days. Over the past 14 sessions, the benchmark index has posted a daily move of 24.12 points, more than twice the 10.35 average at the start of September.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,591 to 396, for a 6.54-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,218 issues fell and 391 advanced for a 5.67-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 21 new 52-week highs and 14 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 22 new highs and 149 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Why the Rich Get Richerreddit
…and the successful become more and more successful.
I have to confess something to you. While you can definitely glean ideas, tips, and important distinctions that will accelerate your progress, there are three advantages superachievers have that separates them from everyone else—advantages that are not easily accessible.
These advantages are access to Counsel, Connections, and Strategies.
Let me explain.
Counsel—The greatest achievers in the world have the greatest advisors, consultants, and coaches in the world. They surround themselves with the best. It’s how they gain advantage over their competitors.
The best golfer, tennis player, baseball pitcher, singer, Olympian, surgeon, CEO, and entrepreneur all invest in highly paid advisors, consultants, and coaches.
Why?
Unconscious incompetence.
You need to know about this as you seek high performance in your personal and professional goals. In fact, I’d say it’s critical that you understand what it is and how it can affect you.
Unconscious incompetence is a phenomenon that occurs when you don’t realize you are doing something incorrectly or not to the best of your ability. You’re unknowingly clueless. It takes someone else to observe, identify, prod, and counsel you in order to bring awareness to the defects and help you make the adjustments needed to take your performance to the next level.
A top CEO once said to me, “You can never pay too much to rent someone’s eyes, mind, and experience.”
If you want to take your life to the next level, you, too, will need to seek out the best advisors, consultants, and coaches to help get you there.
Connections—It’s not just who the top achievers in the world know and have access to; it’s also the high-achieving reference group this provides them that is critically valuable.
As human beings, we raise or lower our performance to match the expectations and performance level of our reference group. As Stephen Covey pointed out, if you take a walk with someone whose pace is quicker than yours, it will be uncomfortable at first but you will ultimately (and unconsciously) match their pace. The same is true if someone’s pace is naturally slower than yours—you will slow your pace to match his or hers.
Dr. David McClelland of Harvard University concluded after 25 years of research that the choice of a negative “reference group” was in itself enough to condemn a person to failure and underachievement in life.
Many people have written about the power of associations, and all have come to the same conclusion: most success seekers are greatly limited in their ability to raise their game and change their life because they aren’t connected to a reference group that can help them reach their goals.
This is why the ubër-successful join country clubs, symphony groups, the boards of charity organizations, private dining clubs, and other exclusive groups. They can mix with other like-minded high achievers. Then they unconsciously raise their respective games by keeping up with each other.
If you want to take your life to the next level, you, too, will need access to a high-performing reference group.
Strategies—The top performers in the world have the strategies and systems in place that allow them to execute at a much higher level than other businesses or people. Most people are constantly floundering and guessing; they don’t have a proven plan or strategy to follow at all.
Richard Branson said, “Once you create a success of one business you can create a success in many more by following the same set of principles.”
The key is to know those principles.
If you want to take your life to the next level, you, too, will need to know the proven key principles and strategies, complete with execution systems.
To gain the advantages of the rich, powerful, and super-successful:
1) Seek the best counsel—advisors, consultants, coaches—you can obtain.
2) Connect with and immerse yourself in a network of high-achieving relationships and associations.
3) Learn the specific strategies and systems that power the top performers in the world.
Follow Darren Hardy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DARRENHARDY
More:

Will the Obama Administration  Passively  Let More Jobs Go Offshorereddit
There's been a lot of talk lately from former Obama administration officials like Leon Panetta and Robert Gates about what they perceive to be "passivity" or blunders on foreign policy matters by the president.
Their charges are imminently debatable. But there's an international policy matter on which the administration has been far too passive, and its inaction may be dooming the productive sector of the economy -- not to mention the American middle class -- to a fate it doesn't deserve.
I can sum it up in two words: currency manipulation. There are millions of American jobs at stake. It's well within the powers of the U.S. Department of the Treasury to deter it and do something about it right now. Let me explain.
Treasury's semi-annual Report to Congress on International Economic and Exchange Rate Policies is due next week. And while casual political observers might not set their watches to its release, it's a big deal. This report is the White House's twice-a-year at-bat wherein it can take a swing at currency manipulators -- those governments that deliberately devalue their own currencies, effectively subsidizing their exports by taxing incoming U.S. goods. You can see how this costs us manufacturing jobs. We export less and import more than we would under a truly functioning free market.
But if the upcoming report is anything like the 11 that came before it during this administration's watch, you or I could dictate its contents. Their contents don't change much.
Despite ample evidence, Treasury always finds a way to wriggle out of using the "M" word: Countries like China and Japan obviously manipulate their currencies. They keep a finger on their scales when they face the United States across the trade table. Under the law, if Treasury designates a country as a "manipulator," it can take steps to deter that behavior.
Here's how Treasury avoided using the word "manipulate" in April, the last time it issued its exchange report:
China has continued large-scale purchases of foreign exchange in the first quarter of this year, despite having accumulated $3.8 trillion in reserves, which are excessive by any measure. This suggests continued actions to impede market determination.
Hmm. Large foreign exchange reserves? Check. How about China's trade balance? Where does that stand with the United States, the world's largest economy and the world's most open market?
Through August 2014, it's $10 billion higher than during the same time period in 2013. America ran up a $318 billion goods trade deficit with China that year, an all-time record, and we're on pace to top it again.
Japan isn't much different. It too runs a large trade surplus with the United States. and government officials there have made no secret of their efforts to weaken the yen, which has lost 30 percent of its value against the U.S. dollar over 18 months.
Now admittedly, currency manipulation is not a conversation a lot of families have at the dinner table. It's hard to explain exactly how a devaluation of China's yuan -- a form of currency that a lot of Americans have never heard of, much less handled -- puts your neighbor's job in jeopardy. But it's an economic policy matter that can determine the fates of entire communities across our nation.
Independent economists say currency manipulation has pushed U.S. account deficits $200 billion to $500 billion per year higher than where they would otherwise be. Others point out that if the value of the world's currencies was determined by the market -- that is, if global currency manipulation came to a halt -- the resulting rebalancing would reduce the U.S. trade deficit by up to $500 billion in three years, increase U.S. GDP by $720 billion during the same period, and create 5.8 million American jobs.
That would mean a lot to the millions of Americans who lost middle-income manufacturing jobs over the last 15 years to outsourcing and impossibly cheap imports; to those who remain out of work; and to those who, in 2014, now work for less .
Under current law, the exchange rate report and Treasury responses are the last line of defense against currency manipulation for America's manufacturing workers. I've written to Secretary Jack Lew , urging him to use the "M" word and embrace this opportunity to create more American jobs by guaranteeing that level playing field. If the Obama administration wants a true manufacturing resurgence, this is one of the best ways to achieve that goal.
Follow Scott Paul on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ScottPaulAAM
More:

Creepy robots help researchers understand the mysterious sidewinder snakeBy Rachel Feltman October 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
Scientists explain how their research on the side-winding motion of snakes is helping them create robots that can move more fluidly, especially in sand. (Courtesy of Maxwell Guberman)
Lots of scientists use animals to make robots better, but a new study published in Science uses a robotic model to better understand the animal that inspired it.
Sidewinder snakes are unusually good at climbing sandy slopes. But their methods look as unusual as they are effective -- they seem to hoist themselves up one body segment at a time, like a slithery sideways trench crawl (see the video above for footage of their slinky "sidewinding" locomotion). But researchers wanted to figure out how this sand-friendly movement worked.
"Sidewinding just seems so weird and unnecessary," said corresponding author Dan Goldman , an associate professor of physics at Georgia Tech. "Why use this crazy movement pattern? But as it turns out, they have a good reason."
Goldman and his colleagues -- a group of researchers from Georgia Tech, Carnegie Mellon, Oregon State, and Zoo Atlanta -- observed the movement of the snakes in a special tank designed to simulate sand dunes.
The movement pattern turned out to be surprisingly simple: The sidewinders move using an undulating wave down their body. At the same time, they make the same motion at a 90 degree angle from the first. By controlling the waves independently, the snakes can change how much of their body comes into contact with the sand, allowing them to adjust their gait for different angles of slope.
To test that motion, the researchers used a snake-inspired robot developed by Carnegie Mellon. The robot could move sort of like a sidewinder on flat sand, but struggled with the same sandy inclines that the real snakes could easily manage.
When the researchers programmed the dual-wave control into the robot's locomotion, it reached new heights.
This experiment wasn't about making a better robot, Goldman emphasized. He's just excited to have a better understanding of the sidewinder's super-efficient way of traversing sandy hills. But the study does have some practical robotics applications.
A limbless robot could be used in search-and-rescue missions where space was cramped. Sand-crawling robots could prove useful on missions to other planets with strange terrains. In an upcoming companion paper, the researchers will describe how the sidewinder motion allows them to control robots more effectively. "You can almost drive them around like a car," Goldman said.
In focusing more on learning about snakes than in making an efficient robot, the researchers got closer to nature than most animal-inspired bots.
"This type of robot often is described as biologically inspired, but too often the inspiration doesn't extend beyond a casual observation of the biological system," study author and Carnegie Mellon professor of robotics Howie Choset   said in a statement . "In this study, we got biology and robotics, mediated by physics, to work together in a way not previously seen."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Is Your Workplace Turning You Into a Zombiereddit
The World Green Building Council launched a new report on Health, Wellbeing and Productivity in Offices which presents overwhelming evidence that a range of office design factors -- from air quality and lighting, to views of nature and interior layout -- can significantly impact the wellbeing and productivity of staff.
Staff costs, including salaries and benefits, typically account for about 90% of business operating costs. Therefore, even a modest improvement in employee health or productivity, can have a huge financial implication for employers -- one that is many times larger than any other financial savings associated with an efficiently designed and operated building.
The current emphasis on improving employee engagement and wellbeing, puts workplace in a central role to promote physical and emotional wellbeing through providing increased flexibility and choice. As such, workplace design and policy are increasingly seen as an aspect of Human Resources to be considered alongside other organizational rewards, costs and benefits.
Both design of the workplace and behavioral aspects impact wellbeing at work. Creating greater awareness of how we work and providing choices of where we work, can help incorporate a variety of experiences and movement to improve the mind/body connection and increase employee wellbeing and engagement. How much do most of us really move at work? Whilst new technologies allow mobility, in most offices we feel surrounded by zombies. The average adult can sit for up to 11.5 hours a day, with most of this time in the office -- back bent, perhaps chair not set properly -- and only move to go to the printer -- if we do not have one beside our desk, or to go get some food to bring back to the desk and mindlessly eat in front of the terminal.
The consequences? Lower back pain, disc prolapse, gastro-intestinal problems, obesity and, ultimately, sick and absent employees. According to The Integrated Benefits Institute , US workforce illness costs $576bn annually, due to sickness absence and workers' compensation. It seems reasonable to assume that a not inconsiderable percentage of these absences and illnesses could be linked to the consequences of sitting too much.
The National Institute of Health warned in 2012 that 'sitting is the new smoking' and recent research documents that the death rate among people who sit more than six hours a day is about 30 percent higher  than those who sit for about three hours a day.
We need to change the design of our workplaces but also our entire attitude and behaviors at work to stop becoming office zombies. We need to consider physical movement as an integral part of the workplace: away with printers at desks, away with lunch at the desk, in fact away with the desk! What if we no longer had a fixed office or cubicle, but instead every staff member, at every level, had many choices of where to sit and how to work every day and throughout  the day, based on the nature of the task. It is clear today that there is not one ideal environment for work. The optimum work environment changes across the day and across the week to support changing needs and give people control and choice of how and where they work.
To cope with the intensity of work today we need more access to quiet spaces to concentrate, think and recharge -- the nap rooms at the Huffington Post are very popular -- as well as access to flexible spaces for meeting, collaborating and socializing. We should change positions and spaces and stand up more often, ask ourselves if it's really necessary to do all of our tasks sitting on a chair. Standing desks are becoming fashionable, endorsed by everyone from Donald Rumsfeld to Google and after Victoria Beckham Instagrammed herself on a treadmill desk, orders went through the roof.
What about a standing meeting -- at Net a Porter all meetings are held standing up which focuses discussion on essentials only, or what about a meeting while taking a walk. Having choice of work settings, helps us move away from spending all day in the same position. What if we also gave everyone fitness trackers and used the workplace as an active environment to support personal fitness and wellbeing goals? Have team fitness and wellbeing competitions and make wellbeing a part of the working day rather than one more thing to squeeze into our demanding schedules.
There is clearly an opportunity for organizations to begin to think differently and use their physical premises for competitive gain. This is true from investors right through to occupiers, whether companies are trying to command a higher price for a high-performing building or looking to create the kind of space needed to help drive business success.
When real estate advisors CBRE planned their global headquarters in Los Angeles they focused on employee wellbeing by partnering with Delos to create the world's first WELL Certified™ office. Together they undertook a two year journey to design a workplace that encourages holistic employee wellness.  In all, more than 120 new features were added under seven categories: the mind, comfort, fitness, light nourishment, water and air. This approach took into account passive design features like air quality and active design features like free address seating throughout, which means that from the CEO to the newest recruit everyone shares a variety of work settings to encourage motion.
Whilst workplace interiors are important, the base building design can also contribute significantly by using circulation and atria to enable movement. In New York, The Hearst Tower features staggered elevator access requiring employees and visitors to use stairways for a limited number of floors and the atrium features escalators which run through a 3-story water sculpture, which cools and humidifies the lobby air. In its Sydney headquarters, Westpac Bank is one of many Australian banks who have installed open staircases between floors to encourage more circulation, interaction and chance interactions and collaboration across the business and to support wellbeing.
David Rock author of bestselling book Your Brain at Work says that 'social interactions are delicious things to the brain' and that is why we are drawn to them, but he also stresses that:
Productivity is ultimately about choice and autonomy and if we give people the opportunity to move between different spaces to focus when they need, to collaborate when they need and to have great social interactions, we are giving them what they really need at work.
Work is inherently a social endeavor, and the purpose and health of great companies is centered around people, so creating places that provide for the wellbeing of people at work is critical for business success.
Follow Despina Katsikakis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dkatsikakis
More:

Marketing Titans: Dasha Gastol and the Art of Ecommercereddit
The interview below continues my series from Connections 2014. Dasha Gastol is a Digital Marketing Manager for Diesel USA based in the New York City office. In leading digital acquisition strategy for the Diesel USA's Ecommerce team, her focus is on personalization and customization of the customer journey. Prior to Diesel, she worked at Starwood Hotels and Resorts, where she developed digital marketing strategies for dozens of hotels throughout North America. In this interview, Dasha continues the theme found in all of my interviews: It's serving about the customer.
When did you realize the importance of relevant content?
"Relevancy coincides with personalization. For me, understanding that such a thing was a trend and that it answered the problem question of "how do we reach the customer" was what converted me to the idea. Also, (quite frankly) it's obvious. Get the right information in front of the right customer at the right time. Diesel markets to a highly specialized consumer, so the more personal we are with them better they will respond. For example, one way we accomplish this is through predictive intelligence. We implemented this with our web campaigns and as a result, are able to provide a personalized interaction with the consumer; this connotes relevancy which, as said before, coincides with relevance. Such a thing is just another example of a process we can use to stay relevant with the consumer and use information to walk alongside them by providing a personal experience."
How do you keep from falling back on old marketing techniques such as personas, focus groups, etc.? Do those tactics even have a place anymore in modern marketing?
"Without technology, marketing to each individual is impossible. Predictive intelligence allows us to do this, and does the work on our behalf. Sometimes you still have to use those old methods to supplement the fact that you don't have access to the technology. Other times, there are messages that you want everyone to hear. For example, when we were launching our Fall/Winter 2014 Collection we wanted to send it to everyone, not just a select few. Everything should be taken in context, so if you have the ability to personalize the customer experience and its appropriate for the campaign, then do it."
How has online engagement changed over the last three years?
"First, it's not just online anymore. Consumers are interacting with brands in an omni channel world. There are many touch points and as marketers, and because of this, we need to ask the question of how do we reach the appropriate person on the right channel. Is it all channels? Is it just one? I don't think that any one marketer has the answer to those questions. The best we can do is using the process of personalization, we respond to the customers as individually as we can within the campaign's specified objectives. One of challenges being added to questions like these is the fact that there is so much data that the marketer needs to learn when to scale back in the evaluation (of data) process."
What attracted you to ecommerce and how is that related to your background in the hospitality industry?
"I have always wanted to work in a field that made me excited where I was working. I was able to 100% do that at Starwood, and am able to 100% do that at Diesel. With ecommerce, I'm attracted to looking at the big puzzle of big data and analyzing it so that I can deliver results. I had to same attraction to Starwood. Solving the puzzle means I can get closer to my customers. As a marketer, I can't think of any better result."
What are the top three ongoing challenges you face in ecommerce?
"We are a small team with access to innumerable tools. The evaluation of all these tools takes more time than we have available. That's where predictive intelligence comes in; with real-time data we have the ability to influence the decision personally. For example, if you purchased a leather jacket six months ago, I can safely assume you won't want to purchase another leather jacket in the next six months. But if I know that you are shopping for one I can send you a personalized email showing you different options. The difference between having access to real-time data and old data is part of personalization. We have the option to get to know our consumer beyond the demographic data, and in that knowledge we can learn about who they are as people in the moment, and what compels them to take action."
Do you see digital marketing becoming more personalized?
"I hope so. What we are trying to do is bridge the gap between meeting someone in person and meeting them in a digital environment. To accomplish that, we need more information about the customer that thankfully, they give us. The more we know about the customer the more personal we can be."
How do you define content?
"I define it as what's relevant to the specific consumer. Are you looking for content that is framed around "shop-by-look" or more a catalogue? Content varies on the person, and that is one of the biggest challenges with marketers. Deliver content that's relevant to customer. That goes back to personalization, and meeting the person where they are at any given point in the sales process."
What advice would you give to someone just starting out in your industry?
Learn from people in the industry, and follow brands who resonate with you and figure out how they do it. Become a student of the industry, and never stop learning or being curious.
This interview continues my series dedicated to the interviews and experiences had at Connections 2014. In marketing, it's no longer about tricking, persuading, or influencing the customer. Marketing is about serving the customer. Special thanks to Dasha Gastol for this interview.
Follow Joseph Parker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/josephpkr
More:

Londons Tube is on its way to going driverlessIt can't be worse than this.(Reuters/Andrew Winning)
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
October 9, 2014
Paris has had driverless trains  since it upgraded its Metro  cars in 1998 . Sixteen years later, London is looking to do the same, upgrading 250 trains on four of its lines to become driverless in the next decade—but the move is not without controversy.
Tap image to zoom
There may not be a human being up looking back at you from there.(YouTube/Transport for London)
The trains—to be rolled out on the Central, Bakerloo, Waterloo & City, and Piccadilly lines in 2022 to replace the entire stock of older trains by the mid 2020s—will initially have human drivers ( unlike the automated metro networks in Dubai, Tokyo, and Barcelona, among others). And even when they’re operated without drivers, the trains will have a staffer onboard to assist passengers.
The trains are  designed to be “future-proof”  and last 40 years, the city’s transportation agency proclaims (London’s mayor, Boris Johnson, called them “Darth-Vaderish” ), with  wider double doors ,  air-conditioning , and Wi-Fi for smartphone users .
But big changes don’t come easily. The city’s transportation unions have  vowed to go to war against  these trains, citing safety concerns as well as potential job losses. They say that the Victorian infrastructure of London’s single-track underground tunnels needed skilled human drivers to maneuver through them. A spokesman for Transport for London told the BBC that no drivers will lose their jobs.
The unions have also pointed to an incident in March 2012, in which a driver’s sharp eye saved a 5-year-old boy’s life:  He stopped the train when he spotted a small hand reaching up from the track.
Share this:

Stone Brewing Co. to Build Virginia FacilityKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Dairy Queen Says Data Breached at StoresKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

AAA: Gas Prices Could Fall To Lowest Since 2010aaa: gas prices could fall to lowest since 2010
Huma stars in Ayushmann s new songCelebrity
Ayushmann Khurrana And Huma Qureshi Launch 'Mitti Di Khushboo' Song
Ayushmann Khurrana, film actor and singer has come up with a punjabi song Mitti Di Khushboo in collaboration with Bhushan Kumar's T-series. Also present was actress Huma Qureshi. We bring you the talented newbies' photos!

Oil Prices Dip Below $90 for First Time in Two YearsOil Prices Dip Below $90 for First Time in Two Years
Texas hospital defends itself over treatment of Ebola patientTexas hospital defends itself over treatment of Ebola patient
Zuckerberg excited about Digital India programmeZuckerberg excited about Digital India programme
Chinese consortium to set up e-vehicle hub in SanandChinese consortium to set up e-vehicle hub in Sanand
Citigroup sees 7% GDP growth in FY-17Citigroup sees 7% GDP growth in FY-17
Q&A: What is the double Irish© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/f7a2b958-4fc8-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Could Dallas Hospital Face Lawsuit in Ebola Deathcould dallas hospital face lawsuit in ebola death
Why PayPals Split From eBay Threatens 70 Million AmericansPayPal gains a good boss, but underbanked Americans may lose a champion.
Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
PayPal’s coming split from eBay potentially threatens eBay, Apple Pay, and all the ungainly legacy tech companies whose investors are now pushing them to break into pieces . But there’s also a large group of people for whom the PayPal-eBay breakup is bad news: anyone who hates banks, particularly the low-to-moderate income people the industry calls “ underbanked. ”
Advertisement
That’s a lot of people. About 70 million Americans, or one in five U.S. households. They’re everyone from students and immigrants to entrepreneurs and business owners. They pay some $78 billion in fees every year to cash their paychecks, take out payday loans, or use debit cards. Some of these people hate banks on principal, or because of sneaky things like overdraft fees; some of them can’t qualify for bank accounts or traditional credit card loans; some of them need to send money to relatives in other countries or use other financial services that banks often don’t provide.
And these 70 million Americans just lost the attention of the executive who was making some of their nonbank financial services cheaper.
That would be Dan Schulman, the incoming chief executive of the independent PayPal. Until last week, he was a senior executive at American Express, where he was leading the credit card company’s strange but surprisingly effective campaign to develop better financial services for underbanked consumers.
Strange: American Express, the company that taught us to refer to credit cards like they’re high-end jewelry (“Platinum!” “Gold!” “Silver!”), has always been an unusual standard-bearer for economy-class financial services.
Surprisingly effective: Since Schulman arrived at Amex in 2010 to “create new fee-based revenue streams for the post-recession environment,” the company has helped drive down industry prices for things like “prepaid” cards, which are something between debit cards and bank-less checking accounts.
Those cards tend to be predatory and full of hidden fees for basic functions ($0.99 just to swipe the card? $1.25 to call a customer service representative? $3 for not using the card??) But those fees have gotten less egregious, and slightly cheaper, in the past couple of years, according to Pew Charitable Trusts —and it’s hard not to give American Express at least a little credit. 
Schulman oversaw Amex’s unveiling of two prepaid cards, Bluebird and Serve, which even financial industry critics acknowledged were pretty good about reducing fees. In 2011, the New York Times’ Tara Siegel Bernard said Serve “appears to right many of the industry’s wrongs.” At Reuters, Felix Salmon called it “a huge improvement, from a consumer perspective, over any prepaid alternative,” and suggested that it might even have some advantages over checking accounts: “The Amex card is never going to surprise you with something nasty and unexpected in the way that checking accounts are prone to doing.”
That’s a lot of good press for a traditional financial services company that, after all, isn’t in the business of being altruistic. But now the man responsible for championing those cards at American Express—and by extension, bigger companies’ efforts to improve their financial products—has taken his cowboy boots and left the building.
The company says its efforts of the past four years can survive one executive’s departure. American Express is promoting Neal Sample, a former eBay executive whom Schulman hired in 2012, and spokeswoman Leah Gerstner told me that CEO Ken Chenault is still very committed to the “enterprise growth” unit: “There’s no change in mission. We’re still very focused on bringing products to market for those who are underserved.”
The problem is that Schulman was very much the face of that mission. It got him written up everywhere from the Harvard Business Review and Fast Company to the New York Times and American Banker . It sent him to South by Southwest this year, promoting American Express’ glossy Spent documentary about financial difficulties faced by the underbanked. It put Schulman front and center at a red-carpet June  event  for the film in New York, where he rubbed elbows with Spent narrator Tyler Perry.
People who have worked with the company told me this week that they’re not concerned about American Express immediately abandoning its products for lower-income people. But they are worried that without Schulman as a powerful champion, the marketing budget for those products may slowly slip away.
That might have happened anyway, since it was never clear how sustainable this business was for American Express. The company doesn’t break out numbers for its prepaid cards, which "suggests they don’t contribute meaningfully to the company’s bottom line," RBC Capital analyst Jason Arnold told Bloomberg.
But the marketing dollars were getting Amex something more ineffable, as they’re supposed to do: goodwill, and attention to the cause of "disruptive" financial services.
American Express is hardly alone in trying to disrupt financial services, of course. There are many bona fide startups, including IPO-planning Lending Club and OnDeck Capital , trying to figure out new (but not always cheaper ) ways to lend to Americans. In the realm of big companies, Walmart has been as prominent as—though less lauded than—American Express; last week the retailer unveiled its version of a basic bank account for low-income people. 
And yes, Schulman’s move is probably good for PayPal, one of the earliest and most successful financial disrupters. But that company’s interest has traditionally tended to be more in payments—including mobile wallets of the sort that Apple Pay is taking on—than in lower-priced financial products.
It’s possible that Schulman could change that, although he’ll obviously have other initial priorities when he starts his new job. PayPal isn’t making Schulman available for interviews, and a spokeswoman declined to comment.
But that brings us back to the problem with financial services disruption, especially in terms of making cheaper, better products for Americans who don’t have much money to begin with. Those people aren't hugely lucrative customers.
So most businesses would, understandably, rather focus on selling you a better smartphone wallet than on building a better bank account for people who might not be able to afford the iPhone 6. It's just unfortunate that one of the most prominent financial executives focused on the latter is becoming one more in the crowd of people devoted to the former.

Cabin cleaners strike over Ebola fearsAirport authorities to review striking crews’ Ebola concerns
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8aa844be-4fc6-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Would like to see Apple buy back $100 bn in...Carl Icahn says he'd like to see Apple buy back $100 billion in stock
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 10.16PM IST
Speaking on cable television CNBC, Icahn said that he hopes other shareholders will join him in appealing to the company to buy back more stock.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BOSTON: Billionaire investor Carl Icahn , who called on Apple to buy back more stock in a public letter released on Thursday, put a number to his plan, saying he would like the company to buy back as much as $100 billion in stock.
Speaking on cable television CNBC , Icahn said that he hopes other shareholders will join him in appealing to the company to buy back more stock. He also said that Apple CEO Tim Cook agrees with him that the company is undervalued.
In April Apple raised its share repurchase authorization to $90 billion from $60 billion announced a year earlier.
Icahn called the iPhone6 a "watershed event" for the company.

EBay brands itself as a place to  shop the w...You are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
EBay brands itself as a place to 'shop the world'
AP Oct 9, 2014, 10.32PM IST
Tags:
campaign
(The goal is to put eBay at…)
NEW YORK: E-commerce site eBay is kicking off a global branding campaign that aims to draw attention to the wide array of goods it has available ahead of the holiday shopping season.
It's the first time eBay has created a campaign with the same message across four of its biggest markets: the US , Australia, Germany and the UK , with more countries expected to be added in 2015. And it comes as eBay preps for a split next year with payments unit PayPal, its fastest-growing segment.
Central to the campaign is an ad that will run in 15-, 30- and 60-second versions that shows goods like a surfboard and a smartphone in action in scenes around the world, as well as iconic images like Dorothy's red shoes in the "Wizard of Oz" and the guitar of rock legend Jimi Hendrix. Then it cuts to items shoppers were inspired to buy.
"It's a great big world, and it can all be yours here and only here," a voiceover states.
The goal is to put eBay at the forefront of shoppers' minds leading up to the holiday season, said Chief Marketing Officer Richelle Parham .
The campaign aims to "drive great traffic into the eBay stores of our sellers," she said. The company, which is based in San Jose, California, doesn't sell items itself but provides the platform for third parties to sell goods.
Parham added that the campaign will help people understand the "real eBay" as it works to shed its image as an auction site and become known globally as an overall e-commerce retailer. Parham noted that 80 percent of the items on the site are new and 78 percent are fixed-price merchandise.
The ad starts running on TV and online Monday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beyond Work/Life Balance: Living The Life You Wantreddit
I hear people say all the time: You can't have it all. A fulfilling career? A family? Time for yourself? Not possible. Recent Pew Research studies show that while 66 percent of women rate career as a high priority , 56 percent of working mothers say it's either very or somewhat difficult for them to balance work and family. But maybe it's time to stop asking ourselves if we've achieved work/life balance and start asking: are we living the life we want? Because the solution to work/life balance is a subjective one. The biggest misstep anyone can make is accepting someone else's version of what "having it all" really means -- it's up to each of us to live the life we want. You don't need to know what you will be doing year after year and you need to be flexible when setting out on your own path. Trust me: you can live the life you want, if you're willing to go to bat for it.
I've written before about my home life: I grew up in the middle of the pack in a family of seven kids. And my mom was by far the most inspirational person in my life. She didn't set an example based on anyone else's expectations -- in fact, she was exceedingly pragmatic... is everyone alive? Is everyone accounted for? Doing what they need to do in school? Happy and healthy? After that, it was up to us to distinguish ourselves and decide.
For me, that meant distinguishing myself at work. I always believed if you gave it your all, good things would happen. And that's exactly what I found in a career that's included more than 14 moves, stints on multiple continents, and a place at the table at one of this century's most remarkable growth stories -- Nike.
I completely embraced "Just Do It," and just kept doing it; tackling every challenge and every opportunity with equal determination and grit. And then I found myself in my late 30's, living in Europe and realized that when I looked back on my life, it was going to be all about work. I wanted something different.
Admittedly, I didn't know what that meant for me. For me, it ended up meaning a moving back to the U.S., getting married, and having three sons in three years. When my third son was born, I was back working full-time, traveling around the world and on email 24/7. One day my husband asked, "Why did we have kids if you're too busy to see them?" The question stopped me in my tracks. He was right: we had enough. Enough to make ends meet, enough experience, enough professional accomplishment. Being at work just wasn't filling my needs the way it used to, especially compared to having three little ones at home. So shortly after that day, I stopped. I realized I wanted something different. I took off five years, I stayed home with our boys, and we focused on our family.
Now any stay at home mom will tell you: it's not an easy choice. As the saying goes, the days are long and the years fly by. And with each year, my boys spent more time in school; I found my natural tendency to take charge emerging. Five years into my break, my husband and I had remodeled three houses, I was president of the school foundation, getting more involved in the community, and generally just as busy as I'd been at work.
When our youngest started kindergarten, I had a much clearer perspective. I was ready to go back to work, but I had some real criteria in mind this time -- all, I had a much deeper perspective on the trade offs I was making to be at work. It had to be a company. This time around, I didn't want to consult; I wanted to build. It had to be an iconic brand and I had to feel like I personally had a set of skills that could make a difference. I wanted to learn and contribute. I wanted to join a company that had strong ethics and believed in the positive impact they could make on communities and in business. For the third time in my life, I wanted something radically different. So what did I do? I went after it.
That's how I ended up at Levi Strauss & Co. It was the right move for me. It's a company that is known and loved all over the world, and I have the opportunity to shape its future. Not to mention the fact that the company operates using a profits through principles philosophy and is leading the way in an issue I care deeply about: women's advancement and empowerment.
Five years running, I wouldn't say I "have it all" by society's (rather impossible) standards. I wouldn't say I've achieved the pinnacle of work/life balance, as it's universally understood. But that's only because I don't believe there is a one-size-fits-all definition to either of those. Despite what the media might tell women, you don't have to choose one way of life over the other forever. You can, in fact, change your mind. You can choose and re-choose the direction of your own adventure. The only caveat: you have to be willing to really go for it. Was I scared when I left the workforce for my family? You bet. Was I anxiety-ridden to re-renter the workforce after five years out of it? Of course. But in both instances, that's what I truly wanted and I knew I had to at least go for it. I am also lucky to have an amazing partner and supporter by my side in my husband.
I've discovered that my definition of 'having it all' is really: Enough. Enough time to attend most of my boys' school events, enough challenge at work that it matters and enough time that I can make choices about what balance means -- to me -- each and every day.
Now, it's your turn: what does "having it all" mean to you? Are you living the life you want? What is your Enough? I'd love to hear your thoughts.

Men at the Harvard Business School: An Unexpected Voice for Redefining Successreddit
Something exciting is happening along the Charles River in Boston, Massachusetts. The voice of men at the Harvard Business School -- future business leaders of tomorrow -- have joined with their female counterparts to support gender equality, including better work-life balance for all. During National Work and Family Month, this is surely cause for celebration. In the fall of 2013, leaders of the Women's Student Association (WSA) at the storied business school created the Manbassadors in an effort to formally invite men to join them in actively promoting gender equity at the business school and beyond.  Nearly one in four men joined the cause.
The mission of the Manbassadors is to engage male students in an ongoing dialogue about gender issues. One initial focus has been work-life integration. In the spring of 2013, the Manbassdors sponsored their first event titled, Living + Working (Or, "How to Be a Rockstar at Home and at Work".)  During the introductions, finding meaning in one's personal and professional lives was highlighted as a critical issue that transcends gender. More than 200 gathered to hear how two power couples have managed raising children while pursuing dynamic careers.
Judy and Stephen Pagliuca, who both graduated from the business school in the early 1980's, as well as the Harvard Business School Dean of the Faculty Nitin Nohria and his wife Monica Chandra shared their very personal work-life stories. Stephen Pagliuca, a founder of Bain Capital shared during the conversations, "We realize today there has to be a balance. No one is indispensable. Institutions have their role but families endure. You can get carried away that your life is the institution."
Patricio (Pato) Bichara, a 2nd year business student and active Manbassador, talked about the importance of work-life balance and its impact on men as they simultaneously get more involved at home and encounter a work pace that is not sustainable. He ventured that many men are looking at a different definition -- a broader definition -- of success and moving from a narrower focus on title and money success to the idea of personal life success encompassing a good job and time for family and friends. When asked about his highest hopes for the Manbassadors, Pato described helping to shift the corporate paradigm so that personal issues are a more fundamental part of the career decision making process and understood to be linked to business success:
Companies will increasingly understand that a better personal and work life balance helps to make employees happier, more passionate, and more productive - which means more success for the company too.
In typical business school fashion, the goal is to prove that a more sustainable approach to work for employees is correlated with better financial returns for organizations. Luckily, a foundation of evidence already exists that can be expanded and strengthened.
In the late 1990s, I was a member of a consulting team working with Mariott to implement workplace solutions that benefited both the work-life balance of employees and the company. Harvard Business School professor Leslie Perlow, a veteran work redesign expert and the author of Sleeping with your Smartphone: How to Break the 24-7 Habit and Change the Way You Work chronicles how questioning deeply held beliefs about how we work leads to better results for employees and employers.
But solving the work-life dilemma won't be easy, even with work redesign experts right down the hall. Consider that Robin Ely, an organizational change expert and the Senior Associate Dean for Culture and Community at the Harvard Business School, was retained by a mid-sized global consulting firm for her deep expertise on gender. The client's goal was to better understand how to reduce the turnover of women consultants and increase their partner promotion rates. Robin and her team found 'the culture of overwork' that negatively affected both men and women was to blame rather than the work-life challenges of women professionals. A proposed solution was work redesign and the evolution of management practices.
Yet we know old beliefs die hard and inertia is extraordinarily powerful. The senior management team at the client rejected the analysis , attributed the lack of women in leadership to women's struggles with work-life balance (which they posited did not impact men despite evidence to the contrary) and identified the solution as greater flexibility for women. Extreme hour leaders -- which has become the norm in many organizations -- unintentionally reinforce traditional gender roles by forcing their partners (still overwhelmingly women) to do all the flexing at home. The Third Path Institute is a non-profit seeking to identify alternatives to the extreme leader model. They work with Whole Life Leaders who use their desire for a more integrated approach to work and life as a catalyst for developing more effective ways to work that fit the realities of the 21st century.
Having spent nearly two decades consulting to highly successful global corporations on women's leadership and advancement, I believe until we confront overwork - and illuminate its many unmeasured costs - progress for women in leadership will remain stalled. In the absence of evolving management beliefs and practices, most women will continue to disproportionately spend their professional capital to manage work-life demands. Meanwhile, most men will continue to spend theirs to maximize traditional measures of professional success such as title and compensation, no matter the work-life costs. In combination, these gendered patterns will continue to powerfully reinforce the status quo.
But the launching of the Manbassadors shines a powerful ray of hope on the possibilities for the future. If Harvard business school students -- men and women alike -- can use their formidable skills to confront overwork as a structural problem, a business problem needing a business solution, then we might just have taken a giant step toward the reality of gender equality.
Follow Lisa Levey on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Lisa_Levey
More:

Gender Balance in the Workplace: Profit From Parityreddit
So you have an important job interview. Your sitter cancels. What do you do? When it happened to First Lady Michelle Obama, she packed up baby Malia, carted her into that job interview, and was completely surprised when she still landed the job.
The First Family's efforts to make sure our workplaces are not something out of a "Mad Men episode" comes from a very personal place.
This month is National Work and Family Month. It is a public awareness campaign to encourage companies to respond to America's modern dual income family paradigm.
Why they would have to be encouraged at all defies economic sense. A study of 2400 companies by Credit Suisse -- shows the more women in leadership the more successful companies are. Consumers, workers, and even investors demand a more modern approach. Yet antiquated workplace policies are blamed for the hemorrhage of female talent.
Pipeline Problems
One reason women drop out of the workforce can be tied to parenthood and its effect on pay.   Many studies document a fatherhood bonus of promotions and salary increases, and a motherhood penalty of lateral moves and pay stagnation.  Company actions suggest men need more compensation to deal with the new responsibility of parenthood, while mothers are viewed as less committed workers.
With research showing 40 percent of American households today depending primarily on a mother's salary, there's more troubling data. A new study indicates parenthood pay impact skews to a socio economic injustice and sociologist Michelle Budig finds not only do high-income men get the biggest boost from becoming a father, but low-income women suffer the greatest penalty.
Another study by KPMG, "Cracking the Code", implicates the leaky pipeline in the dearth of executive women, and recommends companies use data to manage their talent pipeline and make it clear that retaining women is a strategic priority. The study says accountability -- assigning responsibility for delivering change at every level of an organization - is critical for progress to be made.
Not only is this a lost opportunity for companies trying to benefit from the windfall that comes with women in leadership, but this is detrimental to a company's reputation. Virtually every stakeholder in the market today is demanding gender equality.
Pleasing Stakeholders: Pink Is the New Green
Back when market stakeholders started to ask questions about the environmental intentions of companies, certifications (think LEED for buildings) helped differentiate companies that were accountable for being green. Certified companies had to submit to rigorous third party evaluations, and once certified, consumers, workers, and investors knew which companies were verifiably eco-friendly.
Today, pink is the new green. Companies want to demonstrate they are credibly modern and gender equal.  More than hiring women, they want to show they are retaining them through a modern workplace culture that supports the true work/life balance. Enter gender certification.
Only one company in the U.S. is globally certified as gender equal. L'Oreal USA underwent a rigorous evaluation process -- including a survey of more than 3,000 employees -- to become EDGE (Economic Dividends for Gender Equality) gender certified, the only established global standard for gender certification. The process takes months to complete and involves 100 percent transparency.
The EDGE seal tells the world L'Oreal USA is achieving a global standard of equality in pay, hiring and promotions, leadership development, flexibility and culture.
"This certification validates our leadership on gender equality and acknowledges our commitment to transparency, accountability and progress," said Angela Guy, SVP of Diversity and Inclusion at L'Oreal USA. "It's helping us create a workplace that truly inspires our employees and works for men and women."
EDGE "triangulates" what's happening in a workplace by comparing data on the workforce by gender with policies in place, and impressions of employees. A third-party auditor -- independently accredited to be able to conduct assessments of organizations against the EDGE Certified Standard -- conducts on-site interviews with executives, reviews materials and evaluates practices, policies and data against the survey results and provides the company with an Action Plan to address any gaps prior to offering up his/her recommendation on certification.
Edging to Parity With External Evaluation
The EDGE certification approach is gaining significant traction. Around the world over 60 workplaces are becoming certified, in 29 countries and 14 different industries ranging from oil companies to banks to construction firms to software companies. The concept was launched at the World Economic Forum in 2011 as a way to address gender equality like any other economic imperative: with metrics and results.
The Dow Jones Sustainability Index uses the EDGE tool incorporating gender metrics into its survey; EDGE is working with the Clinton Global Initiative on its She Works  commitment to improve workplace gender equality for 300,000 women in developing economies; some states are even looking at certification as a way to ensure contractors are treating men and women equally.
At the White House Summit on Working Families last June, the White House issued a simple pledge asking businesses to "assess company policies and practices with regard to leave, pay, workplace flexibility, recruitment and promotion of all employees through a nationally-recognized, well-established, evidence-based, external evaluation process on a regular basis."
If more companies do that, by the time little Malia hits the job market sometime in the 2020's, there should be many more companies where she can expect the enlightened response her mother found so surprising 15 years ago. ##
Follow Megan Beyer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/carrollbeyer
More:

German exports fall stokes recession fearGerman exports plunge in latest sign of slowdown
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0314a6e-4f86-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon to open first physical store: ReportThe shop will be located across from the famed Empire State Building and act as more of a tangible link to customers than a place for browsing, according to the report.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Online retail colossus Amazon .com plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in New York ahead of the year-end holiday season, according to reports.
The shop will be located across from the famed Empire State Building and act as more of a tangible link to customers than a place for browsing, according to the report.
Amazon's Manhattan venue would serve as a warehouse where customers could arrange quick deliveries or pick up products ordered online, as well as tend to returns or exchanges of items they have purchased, the Journal reported.
The Seattle-based Internet retailer would keep limited inventory on hand at the store, which could also be used to showcase Amazon.com products such as its Fire tablets and Kindle e-readers.
Amazon.com last month expanded its array of tablets, capping its lineup with a new flagship Fire HDX model boasting "stunning" display and Dolby Atmos sound.

Facebook CEO Zuckerberg looks to work with ModiYou are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg in India, looks to work with PM Narendra Modi on connecting villages
Pankaj Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.24AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Facebook will fund apps…)
NEW DELHI: He may have built the world's biggest social network, but as a personality he looked anything but social. If anything, quite the opposite. Mark Zuckerberg, creator of Facebook, appeared every bit a shy, curly-haired geek when he, clad in a gray T-shirt and jeans, ambled up to the stage to talk to a restless, mostly star-struck audience assembled to hear the 30-year-old billionaire on his first ever business trip to India.
A few slides into the presentation on his pet theme - Internet.org, an ambitious project aimed to bring internet access to the unconnected billions - the awkwardness ebbed.
Connectivity cannot be the privilege of the rich, says Mark Zuckerberg
Over some 20 minutes or so Zuckerberg, a self-professed atheist, held forth with near religious zeal on his desire to bring the next five billion people on to the Internet. "Connectivity cannot be the privilege of the rich," he told the 500 or so people assembled in Delhi's Taj Palace hotel, many of them Facebook's top customers in India, a bunch of internet entrepreneurs and assorted media.
It also helps that this vision aligns with his business, whose future growth in large parts depends on getting more and more people embrace the Internet. India is a crucial piece in achieving his internet for all mission, launched last August and is a joint initiative of Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
And Zuckerberg (or Zuck as he is called by friends), unsurprisingly perhaps, was lavish in his praise about the country which he has visited only once before in 2010 to attend a friend's (Dropbox founder Aditya Agrawal) wedding and when he was photographed in a sherwani dancing barefeet. "Culturally this is the country that is very forward leading in science, engineering and research that make the benefits of connectivity here very profound for all," said Zuckerberg, who is worth around $34 billion and the third richest American in the technology industry.
In India, he said, the impact will be even more profound "because you have some of the best engineers in the world and a vibrant technology industry". On Friday, he will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, an avid user of Facebook who exploited its networking and communicative abilities to the hilt during his successful election campaign and has also sought to make it an integral part of his administration. Modi's verified Facebook page currently has nearly 2.3 crore "likes" or followers, and almost all major government departments and ministries have Facebook pages.
  The two are expected to discuss ways to collaborate on several ambitious government projects, notably the Clean India and Digital India campaigns that are especially dear to Modi.
Facebook, with more than 100 million users in India, can become a platform to keep these projects alive, a government official told ET on Thursday. Zuckerberg is also scheduled to meet with IT and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday. "I am mostly interested in learning and hearing what we can do to help.
There are certain things that Facebook can uniquely bring... There are probably things that we can probably help out with uniquely, but I am also going to be listening to try and figure out what we can do on that," Zuckerberg said, when asked about what he would discuss with the PM. The company's phenomenal success has made him an inspiration and aspirational figure for legions of would-be entrepreneurs around the world, most so in India that is seeing a burst of entrepreneual activity.
Worth around $34 billion, which makes him the third richest American in the technology industry, Zuckerberg is an iconic figure for many of them, with his Harvard dropout status and success when he was barely out of his teens. He has been the subject of a movie (The Social Network) and his 2012 marriage to long-time girlfriend Priscilla Chan, which included a performance by Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong only helping underline his pin-up credentials. For someone, whose life almost resembles like a movie script, Zuckerberg's first official visit to India bore a distinctly scripted feel, quite unlike the sharing and open book qualities his company seeks to evoke.

http://usat.ly/1CYNZxb7%
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
These these stocks are mainly tiny companies. But what about the winners among the biggest stocks? The market’s selloff is vicious and hurting just about all stocks, but even so, there are 19 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that are up on the day. Most of the S&P 500 stocks gaining are real-estate investment trusts, which investors gravitate during times like these since they tend to pay large dividend yields. There’s nothing better than the safety of a dividend when your portfolio is cratering.
With that said, it’s not like stocks are rocking. The very best performer is REIT Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) , up 1.4%. The average gain of S&P 500 that have risen today is just 0.5%. That’s not enough to brag about at a cocktail party, but at least investors avoided the day’s pain.
The biggest gainers Thursday among the S&P 500 are:
Company

We have political will to undertake fin reforms: RajanWe have political will to undertake fin reforms: Rajan
India can make top hardware: Rahul Gupta  MAITE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No relief for Tata Steel on Jharkhand mine closureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airline cabin cleaners strike over Ebola fearsAirport authorities to review striking crews’ Ebola concerns
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8aa844be-4fc6-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong talks fail |  US must keep close w...Hong Kong protesters vow to fight on as talks collapse
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 10.22PM IST
Around 1,000 gathered at the main protest site outside government headquarters in central Hong Kong's Admiralty district late Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Crunch talks between Hong Kong's democracy protesters and the government were called off Thursday, just hours after demonstrators vowed to ratchet up their occupation of key parts of the city if their demands were not met.
The collapse of the talks, which were due to take place Friday, plunges the key Asian financial hub into fresh crisis with protesters refusing to retreat from their barricades and an equally intransigent government rejecting further negotiations.
Parts of Hong Kong have been paralysed for more than a week by demonstrations calling for Beijing to grant full democracy to the former British colony and for city leader Leung Chun-ying to resign.
Although the crowds have shrunk dramatically from their peak of tens of thousands last week, the government's decision to cancel the talks triggered a swell in numbers once more as pro-democracy campaigners gathered to hear the response from their leaders.
Around 1,000 gathered at the main protest site outside government headquarters in central Hong Kong's Admiralty district late Thursday, a AFP reporter at the scene said.
China announced in August that while Hong Kongers will be able to vote for Leung's successor in 2017, only two to three vetted candidates will be allowed to stand -- an arrangement the protesters dismiss as "fake democracy".
Hopes of a breakthrough were dashed Thursday evening as Leung's deputy Carrie Lam announced the government was pulling out of talks with the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), which has been at the vanguard of the protests.
"The basis for constructive dialogue has been undermined. It's impossible to have a constructive meeting tomorrow," Lam said.
Her announcement came merely hours after a coalition of pro-democracy leaders gathered at the main protest site and vowed to ramp up their civil disobedience campaign if the talks broke down.
Student leaders late Thursday urged officials to return to the negotiating table, labelling the government response an "international joke".
"The chaos was caused by the government. They are responsible for cleaning up the mess," HKFS president Alex Chow told reporters.
Earlier in the day, he urged protesters not to retreat if the government did not respond to calls for free elections.
"Hong Kong people will not retreat," he said. "The Occupy movement must be ongoing."
Page 1 of 2

Bernanke testifies in AIG trialbernanke testifies in aig trial
CY Leung responds to Hong Kong protestersShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
CY Leung responds to Hong Kong protesters
Oct 3, 2014 : CY Leung, Hong Kong chief executive, says that he won't step down but agrees to hold talks with one of the student organisations involved in the protests.
Links:  HK Government offices shuttered  /  Credits: Produced and edited by Tom Griggs. Footage by Reuters

Row after Cong sends office boys to meet ChhattisgarhGovernorThe two Congress office attendants at Governor House
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:04 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 9:16 am
The Chhattisgarh unit of the Congress has stirred a controversy by sending two office attendants as its representatives to meet and submit a memorandum to Governor Balram Das Tandon.
The Congress has claimed that they took the step after the governor refused to meet the party delegation, which wanted to air its grievances against Chief Minister Raman Singh. The BJP, meanwhile, claimed that “sending attendants to the governor amounts to his insult”.
Paklu Sarthi and Budhram, who work as attendants in the Congress office in Raipur, visited the Governor’s residence Wednesday evening and submitted the memorandum. “We wanted to meet the Governor for the past three days to submit a memorandum about several flawed policies of the CM, but he refused to give us time. Finally, he asked for a list of Congress delegates who wanted to meet him,” Congress spokesperson Shailesh Nitin Trivedi said. But the Governor, Trivedi said, insisted on meeting only eight leaders, so we decided to send these two as a mark of protest.
The Governor’s office confirmed that Tandon wanted to meet only eight-nine persons. The BJP, meanwhile, said, “Sending attendants to submit a memorandum to the governor reflects the ochhi maansikta (petty mentality) of Congress president Bhupesh Baghel. Governor’s post is a constitutional one and this move insults him,” BJP national general secretary Ramvichar Netam said.
Trivedi said their behaviour was not inappropriate and pointed out that “earlier Governors had met up to 74 delegates of the opposition”.

Two bodies identified in JalauncasePrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:03 am
A day after two missing teenage sisters resurfaced in Ghaziabad, the police on Thursday identified the decomposed bodies found in a sack near Orai in Jalaun district of Uttar Pradesh as those of two girls who were allegedly killed by their father for having relationship with youths despite disapproval of the family.
The minor sisters, who went missing on September 22, had resurfaced in Ghaziabad on Wednesday along with two persons — Gaurav Chaturvedi and Atul Gupta — who have been accused of kidnapping and murdering them. Gaurav is also accused of earlier abducting and raping the elder sister on August 29.
Ashutosh Pandey, IG (Kanpur Zone), told The Indian Express that the girls were now unwilling to return home, with the elder sister insisting that she wants to stay with Gaurav.
Meanwhile, the police claimed to have identified the two bodies recovered from the nullah as of two sisters, residents of a village under Jalaun police station. They have also taken into custody the girls’ father Jitendra for allegedly murdering them with help from his son-in-law Sonu and two others, who are absconding.
IG Pandey said the two sisters had eloped with two local youths early last month, but were detained by the Railway Police in Bhusawal, Maharashtra. Jitendra then brought her daughters home on September 9 and pressured them to discontinue their relationship with the boys. “On remaining unsuccessful in dissuading them, Jitendra, his son-in-law Sonu and two others killed them, put the bodies in a gunny bag, carried it a car and later dumped in the nullah (from where the bodies were recovered),” Pandey said.

Burdwan blast case handed over toNIAPrint
Written by Subrata Nagchowdhury , Madhulika Dash , Vijaita Singh | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:59 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 9:11 am
Despite apprehensions by the West Bengal government, the Union Home Ministry on Thursday took a suo motu decision to hand over investigation into the Burdwan blast case to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
The ministry’s move was made easier after the state CID added sections under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) to the case, a pre-requisite to transfer it to the central agency, on Wednesday. The case was initially registered under various sections of the IPC.
In fact, state government sources said that it was the ministry which virtually pushed the West Bengal government to slap the UAPA provisions despite its reluctance. This enabled the ministry to push for an NIA probe. The ministry decided to transfer the case as per the NIA Act of 2008.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh made the decision following consistent demands from the state unit of the BJP.
Ever since an alleged terror network was discovered on October 3, when a bomb being assembled accidentally went off at a house in Burdwan district, the state BJP unit and the CPM had been demanding that the case be handed over to NIA for “fair” investigations.
BJP spokesperson Siddharth Nath Singh said, “We welcome the MHA step. We have been demanding this from day one. Much of the hard evidence has already been destroyed,” said Singh.
The issue had split the West Bengal government, with one section in favour of an NIA probe since it would help the state government get the matter off its hands, while another section — largely egged on by top TMC leadership — in favour of a probe by the state CID. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has maintained silence on the issue so far.
A top BJP leader said on condition of anonymity, “The move will intensify the political wrangling on the ground between the BJP and the TMC in the state.”

Veteran journalist M V Kamath dies at93Print
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:55 am
Former Prasar Bharati Chairman, veteran journalist and Padma Bhushan recipient Madhav Vittal Kamath died of cardiac arrest at a private hospital in Manipal (Karnataka) Thursday. The 93-year-old had been admitted to the hospital after he complained of chest pain.
Having earlier worked as a dye chemist, an analytical chemist and assistant factory manager, Kamath began his career as a journalist with The Free Press Journal in Mumbai in 1946. In a career spanning over six-decades, he worked as Special Correspondent with the Press Trust of India at the United Nations from 1955 to 1958. He also served as Editor of the Illustrated Weekly of India, Free Press Bulletin, Bharath Jyothi and was Editor-in-Charge of Free Press Journal. Kamath was also the European correspondent for the Times of India at Bonn in Germany and the Washington correspondent of the same newspaper.
Kamath had said in his profile that on the midnight of August 14, 1947, he was present at the ceremony announcing the Independence of India and was the only journalist still alive who reported that event.
Kamath authored over 45 books on subjects ranging from history, politics, biography, fiction and journalism. He wrote a biography of Narendra Modi before he became the Prime Minister. He also held the post of President of Bombay Union of Journalists and had an honorary doctorate from Mangalore University.
“A prolific writer and a fine human being, Shri MV Kamath’s demise is a loss to the world of literature and journalism. May his soul rest in peace,” PM Modi said.

http://usat.ly/1w3Nvl4Blame Draghi for sell-off? You're not alone.
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 3:56 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi takes part in a discussion on “The European Central Bank (ECB) and the Eurozone” at the Brookings Institution in Washington,DC on Oct. 9, 2014. (Photo: AFP/Nicholas Kamm/Getty Images)
ECB President Mario Draghi put a floor under a jittery stock market in July 2012 when he said: “The ECB is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro. Believe me, it will be enough.” On Thursday, investors weren’t so sure.
Way back when, Draghi’s famous quote, made at the Global Investment Conference in London on July 26, 2012, gave market participants the courage to look through the eurozone’s debt crisis, battered economy and soaring bond yields in places like Spain. The Dow rallied 212 points that day to 12,887.93. The blue-chip gauge never really looked back, and hit a record closing high of 17,279.74 on Sept. 19. From the day of the Draghi speech to the peak three weeks ago, the Dow rose 4,391 points, or 34.1%.
But the words that came out of Draghi’s mouth Thursday had just the opposite effect on the Dow. The blue-chip stock gauge suffered its biggest loss since June 2013 after Draghi said there are signs the euro-area’s economic growth is slowing and policymakers must lift inflation from an “excessively low” level. The problem is he offered no assurances like the “believe me it will be enough” quote from two years ago.
The Dow closed down 335 points.
Many Wall Street pros fingered Draghi as a cause of today’s bloodbath on Wall Street, asserting that Draghi has not taken bold enough steps to jump-start the eurozone’s sinking economy, a development that could eventually drag down U.S. growth as well.
“Today showed Emperor Draghi has no clothes,” says David Kotok, chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors.
Draghi no longer is viewed as Superman, and the fortunes of Europe appear dimmer amid investors’ shrinking confidence in the ECB chief.
“The market headed lower on Europe’s economic prospects,” says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank. “But selling accelerated when Draghi felt that Europe is heading lower.  This is a stark reversal in rhetoric from a permanently upbeat ECB president.”
The new risk is the eurozone doesn’t come out of its tailspin and sinks into a downward deflationary spiral. That potential outcome is fanning fears of a major global slowdown, and Wall Street is repricing stocks to reflect that reality.
“To a large extent, investors have been working under the assumption that the European economy will follow the path that the U.S. economy has taken out of the Great Recession,” says Erik Davidson, deputy chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. “Probably an increasingly important question for investors to be considering is: ‘What is the risk that the European economy follows the path of Japan and what would be the impact on global economic conditions?’ ”
 

TN power regulator for average tariff hike of 21%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SC seeks reply from Centre  others on CGPL tariff pleaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Policy makers worry that investors are underpricing riskPolicy makers worry that investors are underpricing risk
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a57eba74-43d8-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cell to track yen inflowCell to track yen inflow
Sensex surges 390 pts on Fed moveSensex surges 390 pts on Fed move
ADR Shares End Lower; Royal Dutch Shell  Total Shares Trade ActivelyADR Shares End Lower; Royal Dutch Shell  Total Shares Trade Actively
Column: Narendra Modis Flipkart testE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: SCs NTT ruling strikes at tribunalisationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Cleansing politicsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fidelity Investments attacked by JPMorgan hackers  no data stolen: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Renzi victory as senate backs reformsVictory for Matteo Renzi as Italy’s Senate backs labour reforms
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70668588-4f7c-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola victim s pet dog euthanisedCrime
Ebola-infected nurse's dog Excalibur euthanized despite protests
The brief but intense battle over the life of Excalibur, a light brown mixed breed belonging to a Spanish nursing assistant and her husband, began soon after the woman was diagnosed with the deadly virus.
Officials from Madrid's regional government got a court order to euthanise the pet, despite uncertainty over whether the dog was also infected or risked spreading the disease to humans.
The campaign to save the dog had turned in to a global outcry when the protest detonated online, generating hundreds of thousands of petition signatures.
In the end, though, it did no good — Spanish health officials announced the pet had been euthanized and its body incinerated. (AP)
Spanish nurse Teresa Romero Ramos with pet dog Excalibur.
1 / 22

Zuckerberg plays the long game in IndiaFacebook’s Mark Zuckerberg plays the long game in India
By James Crabtree in New Delhi and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a6cc092-4faf-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex soars 390 pts to one-week highSensex soars 390 pts to one-week high
5 reasons stocks are tanking againEMAIL
The Dow takes investors on another wild roller coaster ride Thusday. (Paul Ruben)
The roller coaster ride on Wall Street kicked into a new gear Thursday, with the Dow suffering a downward spiral of more than 300 points — its third straight day of 200-plus point moves. the longest streak since August 2011.
The Dow’s big downdraft comes on the heels of Wednesday’s 275-point rally, which was its biggest of the year. Still, the Dow is exhibiting volatility not seen since the summer of 2011, when stocks got hit hard after a rating agency downgraded the USA’s gold-plated AAA credit rating. The Dow has now moved more than 200 points in five of the seven trading sessions since the start of October. Wall Street fears October, of course, because it has been the month where stocks have suffered their biggest one-day crashes, including 1929 and 1987.
The Dow closed down 334.97 points — its biggest one-day point drop since June 20, 2013 — or 1.97% to 16,659.25.
So what’s causing all the angst on Wall Street, less than three weeks after it hit its last record high?
1. Global growth fears. Wall Street fears that the slowdown in economies around the globe, especially the eurozone, will worsen and drag down demand for products and services around the globe, and hurt the profitability of U.S. corporations. Couple those growth fears with anxiety over when the Federal Reserve will start raising interest rates next year, and you get a great deal of anxiety over the growth outlook.
“The market is headed lower on Europe’s economic prospects,” says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
2. Stock charts looking ugly. Wall Street often watches key levels on major stock indexes, such as the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 st0ck index, for signs of support, or a floor under stock prices. But today, the key 1950 level on the large-company stock index did not hold, and selling picked up after that key level gave way. Today, the S&P 500 closed down 40.68 points, or 2.1% to 1928.21.
It is not just high-octane small-company stocks or momentum stocks getting creamed.
“If you look underneath the surface, the market is in much worse shape,” says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. “This (selloff) is the popular indices following” to the downside.
The next key level to watch is roughly 1905, or the average price of the index over the last 200 days. The so-called 200-day moving is a key indicator, as a drop below that key level is a sign the long-term uptrend has been broken.
3. ECB powers questioned. Back in July 2012, European Central Bank president Mario Draghi put a floor under global markets when he basically said the ECB “would do whatever it takes” to keep the eurozone intact. But Draghi actually spooked markets today when he said in a speech that the eurozone economy is slowing and warned that policy makers must boost inflation from an “excessively low” level. The worry is that the ECB is behind the so-called curve. Wall Street wants Draghi to launch a U.S.-style sovereign bond-buying program to boost demand and jump-start the eurozone economy. But Draghi has not made that aggressive move.
“Today showed Emporer Draghi has no clothes,” says David Kotok, chief investment officer  at Cumberland Advisors.
4. Selloff in commodities. The commodity complex, which includes energy, has been getting whacked with heavy selling, which is hurting shares of energy stocks and other commodity plays. In fact, a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude has sunk below the $90 level for the first time in more than two years. A barrel of Texas Intermediate crude tumbled to nearly 2% today to $85.87 a barrel.
“It’s oil, oil, oil,” says Andy Busch, editor and publisher of The Busch Update, a financial newsletter.
5. The market was due for a selloff. Earlier this week, the S&P 500 celebrated the third anniversary of its last official correction, defined as a drop of 10% from a recent high. There is a feeling that the stock market, which peaked three Fridays ago on the day Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba celebrated its recordbreaking initial public offering, was tired, fatigued, overbought and overloved — and that a sizable pullout was needed to reduce the froth.
Says Donald Luskin, chief investment officer at TrendMacro: “It’s just a reversal of yesterday’s reversal – this happens during market corrections, when investors hang on every word looking for direction. Today the stock market took another look at yesterday’s Fed meeting minutes and said, “Hmmm. I guess they didn’t really say anything so bullish after all. What was I thinking?”
Yesterday, the Dow enjoyed its best day of the year after the Fed noted that global growth woes were a risk, which investors first interpreted bullishly, as it suggests the Fed won’t be in any rush to hike interest rates next year.
 

Sri Lanka sees benefits of Chinas maritime silk road planSri Lanka sees benefits of China’s ‘maritime silk road’ plan
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8645737e-3e2d-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Army denies involvement as boy dies ofburnsPrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:15 am
The Army has denied the involvement of any of its personnel in an incident that occurred Wednesday afternoon when an 11-year-old boy was found with burns all over his body outside the Mehdipatnam Military Garrison.
The boy, Sheikh Mustafa, died Thursday morning at a private hospital with 90 per cent burns. He gave a dying declaration that two Armymen set him on fire after pouring kerosene. Asifnagar Police, where a case of murder has been registered against unknown persons, said it was mystery how the boy got burnt.
Assistant Commissioner D Srinivas said that there was no evidence of the involvement of Army personnel and that they were yet to find out who did it. “Family members of the boy are alleging that Armymen were involved but so far there is no evidence,’’ Srinivas said.
“On investigation, it is found that this allegation is absolutely false and no Army personnel is involved in this incident. The Army condemns this act,’’ a statement from Army PRO said.

It is tech  not terror  thats shrinking boundaries in Adityanaths hometurfDipika Singh and husband Dilshad Afsar with their daughter and his parents in Basti. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
Written by Seema Chishti | Basti | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: October 13, 2014 5:44 pm
Subhan Alam, a vegetable seller, constantly mutters “bhaago, bhaago, bhaago”. For two months, that’s what the 56-year-old did, moving from place to place as he and his unwell wife went into hiding to escape the constant questioning by local police over the marriage of their son Nur (24) with his school sweetheart Pushpa Verma. The Alams are back at their two-room rented shanty in Bansi in Siddharthnagar district now. But Nur and Pushpa won’t be returning anytime soon.
In Basti town, nearly 100 km away, Diwali would be exceptional again in Afsar Ahmad’s home. “Even at Holi, you should taste the gujhiyas my daughter-in-law Dipika makes,” smiles Ahmad. If he speaks loudly enough, Dipika’s parents in the house separated from Ahmad’s by just a wall can hear him. However, in the six years since Dilshad Afsar (28) and Dipika Singh (25) got married, there has been no conciliatory sound from the other side. An ex-MLA, Ahmad stood by his son and daughter-in-law after their marriage, going so far as to organise a Hindu marriage in addition to the ceremony under the Special Marriage Act. All the effort seems worthwhile when he looks at his granddaughter. The three-year-old, Ahmad proudly says, “scores 100 out of 100 in school”, and recites ‘The Mulberry Bush’ effortlessly. They have named her ‘Angel’.
About 600 km away from western Uttar Pradesh that is still smouldering from the embers of last year’s riots, this is BJP MP Yogi Adityanath’s territory, and the heart of his Hindu Yuva Vahini network. If Adityanath spearheaded the recent BJP bypoll campaign that made fighting “love jihad” its covert theme, his Yuva Vahini has been at work in these parts of Uttar Pradesh for more than 10 years now.
That these areas have changed in this time, due to factors as varied as mobile phones and exposure to all kinds of media to literacy, has lent its campaign a new urgency. The Hindu Yuva Vahini has sensed the anxiety among parents about changes they don’t understand, and cashed in. What separates Subhan Alam from Afsar Ahmad is that the latter is richer, an ex-MLA, and hence lesser susceptible to the Vahini’s pressure.
Says chief police officer V S Sharma, “The matter is closed now as Pushpa and Nur are adults. There is no love jihad here and not one case has been reported so far.”
However, privately, his colleagues admit that in the constant tussle between girls stepping out and worlds closing in, it is becoming increasingly difficult to make voices of reason count.
Nur and Pushpa’s lawyer Noorul Huda, a successful attorney in the area, says, “I have four-files currently regarding elopements — a much higher rate than before.”
Huda calls them “mobile cases”. “In our times, continued…

Changes proposed by Centre weaken MGNREGA  says activist ArunaRoyPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:09 am
Slamming the NDA-led government for attempting to “undermine” the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) by restricting its coverage, squeezing funds and making it more material-intensive, social activist Aruna Roy Wednesday quoted internal government documents to claim the proposed changes would adversely affect as many as five crore households and would go against the “spirit of the Act”.
Roy, as part of the People’s Action for Employment Guarantee (PAEG), said the government is attempting to roll-back the Act in three ways — changing the labour-material ration from 60:40 to 51:49, rationing funds and restricting coverage to only one third of the blocks in the country.
“The government is in denial…It knows how important MGNREGA is but has initiated a discussion on it to spread misinformation…None of the people I’ve met in rural areas want the scope of MGNREGA to be reduced in any way,” she said.
Roy quoted internal communication of the Rural Development Ministry, obtained through RTI queries, in which senior ministry officials say the decision to change the labour is to material ratio and make it applicable to the district level “runs contrary to the spirit of the act” and that “5 crore households will be adversely affected by this decision”. The document goes on to say there is “no case” or demand from any state, except Madhya Pradesh, to increase the material component. “The labour-material ratio is being changed. It will lead to contractor Raj,” Roy said.

Blacklisting Rolls Royce will hit Jaguar fleet  AG toldgovtPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin , Maneesh Chhibber | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:08 am
The NDA government decided not to blacklist Rolls Royce despite an ongoing probe against the global engine manufacturer because it wanted to ensure the availability of spares and ancillaries for its Jaguar fighter fleet, it has emerged.
A blanket ban on Rolls Royce became a possibility after the company admitted to hiring an agent for a maintenance contract with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for its Hawk Advanced Jet Trainers. However, the government chose not to impose any such ban keeping in mind the Rs 778.45 crore contract it had signed with the company for the repair and overhaul of the Jaguar fleet.
According to Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, whose opinion on the subject was accessed by The Indian Express, the government should take a “pragmatic’’ view on the issue because “defence preparedness depends a lot on foreign manufacturers, suppliers of parts and the like”. And so, he added, “a strait jacket formula for all blacklisting type of cases (should not be followed)”.
The Defence Ministry has informed him, the AG stated, that procurement of material and spares for the Jaguar fleet has also been kept in abeyance as a result of the probe and that “non-ordering of these items would render servicing of Jaguar aircraft in jeopardy”.
The opinion of the Attorney General, dated July 10, signals a clear departure from the line adopted by the previous Defence Ministry, under A K Antony, which had blacklisted several foreign manufacturers and defence manufacturers at the slightest allegation of a scam.
The Rolls Royce deal with HAL had hit the headlines after the company informed Indian officials last December that it had appointed an agent (commercial advisor) for the 2007-2011 maintenance contract for the jet trainers. The CBI was subsequently asked to probe the issue.
CBI officials told The Indian Express that following the registration of a PE (Preliminary Enquiry), they have confirmed that money transfers did take place between the agent, Ashok Patni, his company Aashmore Pvt Ltd, and Rolls Royce. The officials added that they had also contacted Patni in Singapore and that he would be “joining investigations” at the CBI headquarters later this month.
The case before the CBI is that a commission ranging from 10 per cent to 11.3 per cent was received by Aashmore Pvt Ltd and Patni for the HAL contract. The Attorney General noted that HAL was trying to recover the commission but opined that despite the PE being in progress, defence preparedness was of critical importance. “Merely because a PE is pending to investigate the matter by CBI, there is no reason to totally blacklist Rolls Royce and not to deal with them at all,” he stated.

Cane arrears hit Rs 5 957 crore in 2013-14Cane arrears hit Rs 5 957 crore in 2013-14
SVB Financial Group Confirms Date And Time Of Quarterly Earnings CallSVB Financial Group Confirms Date And Time Of Quarterly Earnings Call
Hong Kong students refuse to retreat  govt cancels talksHong Kong students refuse to retreat  govt cancels talks
Macroprudential policy can be a useful toolMacroprudential policy can be a useful tool
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4924b16-43d8-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Email alias emerges in Bernanke testimonyBernanke defends AIG bailout in court
By Robin Harding and Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118f0ea6-4fd4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vodafone calls up DoT  demands urgent allotment of waves won in FebVodafone calls up DoT  demands urgent allotment of waves won in Feb
Move to fast-track Japanese investmentMove to fast-track Japanese investment
Street awaits Vishal Sikkas strategic road map at Infys Q2 resultsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt defers rollout of food security Act by six monthsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

DoT moves SC on 3G roaming servicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airport bosses to review crews Ebola fearsAirport authorities to review striking crews’ Ebola concerns
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8aa844be-4fc6-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias Modi seeks bank accounts for allIndia’s Modi seeks bank accounts for 75m poor households
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1195110e-2dd1-11e4-8346-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modis win to open equity capital marketsModi’s victory to open India’s equity capital markets
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e5b850a-dfcf-11e3-a4cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yahoo! India R&D Centre lays off 600 in engineering & product developmentYahoo! India R&D Centre lays off 600 in engineering & product development
SANGEETHA CHENGAPPA
Signing off A view of Yahoo! office in Bangalore. GRN SOMASHEKAR
Asks top performers to relocate to headquarters in Sunnyvale, California
Bangalore, October 7:  
Yahoo! India’s R&D Centre in Bangalore, which was until recently its second largest outside of the US, has laid off some 600 employees during the last few weeks.
“While all those who have been laid off have been given six-month severance packages, the top performers have been asked to relocate to Yahoo! headquarters in Sunnyvale, California” said a source inside the company.
Consolidating
A Yahoo! spokesperson declined to comment on the number of layoffs and the divisions that have been shut down. While the spokesperson also declined to confirm whether the Yahoo! India R&D Centre is still the company’s largest outside of the US, she made it clear that the Bangalore R&D Centre will continue to operate.
A statement from Yahoo! read “as we ensure that Yahoo! is on a path of sustainable growth, we’re looking at ways to achieve greater efficiency, collaboration and innovation across our business. To this effect, we're making some changes to the way we operate in Bangalore leading to consolidation of certain teams into fewer offices. Yahoo! will continue to have a presence in India and Bangalore remains an important office.”
Posts on microblogging site Twitter confirmed the development with one post saying “Just heard from friends that Yahoo! India is laying off (almost) everyone. Indian start-ups should park a truck outside their office.”
From February 2009 to March 2013, Yahoo!’s India R&D headcount was scaled up from 500 to 2,000 across engineering and product organisation under the leadership of Shouvick Mukherjee, Vice-President & CEO of Yahoo! India R&D, who moved out soon after to Sunnyvale, California, to take over as Vice-President – Consumer Platforms.
“Over the last 2-3 years, tranches of 100 employees have been laid off in the R&D Centre with different units shutting down starting with Yahoo! Chat Room, standalone Messenger Services and Yahoo! Voice phone services,” said a Yahoo! insider.
An ex-Yahoo! employee confirmed the lay offs stating that “globally, everytime one of the R&D projects turns into a non-profit making project, it is shut down and the employees are laid off along with the staff in the India R&D Centre who supported that project.”
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex down 25 pts in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.70 pctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaiprakash Associates shares up over 3 percentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

What Really Is On the Ballot this Novemberreddit
No matter what Republicans say, President Obama is not on the ballot this November. The GOP can't seem to admit to the public that the President has already run his last race.
I guess the reason Republicans are so desperate to make this fall's elections all about the President is that they hope voters won't notice the truth: It is their candidates and their extreme positions that are on the ballot this year.
Here's what is really on ballot this November:
•         Raising the Minimum Wage. The ability of 28 million American workers to get a raise is on the ballot. Democrats are committed to helping to lift millions of workers and their families out of poverty. But time and time again, Republicans have blocked an increase in the federal minimum wage.
•         Reducing Student Loan Debt.  Easing the crushing burden of student loan debt for young people and their families is on the ballot. Democrats want to pass a bill to help borrowers refinance their loans at lower rates. And again and again, Republicans have blocked giving middle-class Americans a fair shot at an affordable college education.
• Equal Pay for Women.  The ability of women to earn equal pay for equal work is on the ballot. Democrats want to pass legislation to help close the wage gap that costs women more than $400,000 over the course of their careers. Republicans have blocked it time and time again.
•         Access to Affordable Birth Control. The ability of women to access affordable birth control -- without having to ask their boss' permission -- is on the ballot. Democrats believe women and families should be able to make their own decisions about their health care. Republicans have blocked us again and again, and would rather to give that power to corporate CEOs.
It is clear where Republicans stand on these issues because they have had the chance to vote on them again and again. And every time, they blocked our efforts to help women, students and middle-class families.
The fact is that Democrats are on the side of the American people, while Republicans are on the side of the special interests. They believe in the trickle-down theory -- only helping those at the top.
We have tried that approach before. We have seen what happens when you keep giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires, and let Wall Street run wild with no oversight. You end up in the greatest recession since the Great Depression.
It is time to give middle-class Americans a fair shot. It is time to make sure all of our families, not just the wealthy few, have the chance to succeed. That's what is on the ballot this year -- the well-being of the American people.
And for the GOP, it is time to start being honest with voters about what's really at stake this November.
Follow Sen. Barbara Boxer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SenatorBoxer
More:

Three firms eye Tokyo bourse listingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The quality of judgesIn the UK, the problem of judicial salaries becoming unremunerative with the cost of living is taken care of by a revision by the Senior Salaries Review Body, which recommends increase in judicial salaries from time to time.
Written by T R Andhyarujina | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:57 am
For judicial office to attract the best talent, raise judges’ salaries and their age of retirement.
The National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) Act, 2014 seeks to improve the quality of judges of the Supreme Court and the high courts by changing the present system of appointment for judges. Along with this major change, it is imperative to make two other vital changes in the service conditions of judges of the higher judiciary to make the offices of judge of the SC and high courts attractive enough to secure the best talent from among lawyers and judges. The two most important changes required are: First, to raise the salaries and emoluments of judges of the higher courts; and second, to raise the age of retirement of judges of the SC and high courts. Unless these measures are undertaken simultaneously by the government, even with the enactment of the NJAC law, the judicial office will not attract the best talent, as it does in other countries.
Historically, judicial salaries in India have been niggardly. For 36 years after the Constitution came into operation in 1950, judicial salaries remained unrevised. Salaries were first increased in 1986. In 1998, they were further raised. At present, the chief justice of India is paid Rs1,00,000 per month and other SC judges are paid Rs 90,000 per month. The chief justice of a high court is paid Rs 90,000 per month and other high court judges are paid Rs 80,000 per month.
Source; CR Sasikumar
Even taking into consideration the perquisites attached to the office of judge, judicial salaries have become unrewarding and unattractive to lawyers in good practice. In the past, in India as in the UK, lawyers in good practice took judgeships as a career and as a matter of honour, even though the rewards at the Bar were higher. Today, judicial salaries do not stand comparison with the earnings of lawyers in good practice, resulting in fewer competent lawyers taking up judgeships. It is ironic that fledgling law graduates today are offered higher salaries by law firms than the salaries paid to judges.
The late eminent jurist H.M. Seervai had trenchantly observed: “It may be said that we are a poor country and cannot afford to pay high salaries to judges. I would like to record my opinion that only an extremely wealthy country can afford the luxury of an ill-paid judiciary, and that the greatest sufferers of continued…

Not dancing to VHP tuneThe Sangh Parivar has always accused Muslims of not being part of the mainstream, but it also tries to drive them out of it. This time, though, the mainstream has proved resilient.
Written by Jyoti Punwani | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:21 am
In Gujarat, as always, Muslims were present at garbas as organisers, entertainers and participants.
The three rakhis round his wrist have faded, but Aizaj Shaikh has had no time to remove them. Navratri is over, and the garba singer has been busy, as have his friends: Shahnawaz Saifi, denim manufacturer-cum-photographer, much in demand among his Sindhi clients for garba photoshoots; Mohsin Shaikh, DJ and singer, for whom this was an especially exciting Navratri since he and his Hindu partner organised garbas under their own banner for the first time; and Sufi garba singer Irfan Diwan, who kept his annual tryst with his hosts in Saurashtra. Only tabla player Imran Shaikh was free — he had to turn down an invitation from Indore because his mother passed away recently.
It’s difficult to separate a Gujarati from his garba, it would seem. Kutchi Memons perform it during their weddings; Christians have a special Christmas garba. The popular “Ambe maa ni aarti” sung at every garba venue was written and composed by a Muslim, Abhram Bhagat. In a popular Ahmedabad mall, a Muslim hones the garba skills of Hindus; in Godhra, a Muslim housewife gets her Hindu trainer to come home. A Christian-Hindu couple out for Navratri shopping — which includes a pair of dandiya sticks for their daughter — discloses that in their railway colony, the garba used to be organised by a Muslim. Last month, the staff of a well-known Muslim school performed the garba at their annual day function. Indeed, in garba competitions held every year in schools and colleges, Muslims are always among the winners. From builder Shafi Memon, who hosted a grand garba event with his two Hindu partners, to girls in the Muslim ghetto of Juhapura, who dance at home to garba songs on TV, no one can get enough of this festive dance.
So did the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) pick the wrong battle? The organisation issued a diktat to garba organisers in Gujarat to keep Muslims out. “They object when we play music in front of mosques; they do not believe in idol worship. Then why  are they attending our garba?’’ asked VHP spokesman Ranchhodbhai Bharwad. Bharwad refused to see any distinction between puritanical Muslims and the ordinary Gujarati Muslim for whom Navratri is part of her culture.
Ironically, it is hardline Muslims who have been strengthened by the VHP diktat. Muslim garba singers freely admit they perform the aarti, partake of the prasad and are considered family by their Hindu gurus, co-artistes and those who invite them. “Those maulana types who’ve always disapproved of us continued…
The Sangh Parivar has always accused Muslims of not being part of the mainstream, but it also tries to drive them out of it. This time, though, the mainstream has proved resilient.

HTC to consolidate in mid-segment before next affordable smartphone launch by 2014-end: CFOHTC to consolidate in mid-segment before next affordable smartphone launch by 2014-end: CFO
Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Updated:  Oct 10 2014, 02:35  IST
Oct 10 2014, 02:35  IST
 

4 companies deliver nasty surprises4 companies deliver nasty surprises
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 8:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Smurf character Jokey. Illustration by Peyo, IMPS
During earnings season there’s only one kind of surprise you want: A big, positive one. And that’s why investors are nervous around a group of stocks with a track record of blowing up in investors’ faces.
There are four stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy firm Kinder Morgan (KMI) , energy firm Murphy Oil (MUR) and construction-engineer Jacobs Engineering (JEC) that have missed analysts forecasts in each and every of the past four quarters, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
These “surprises” are certainly things investors wish they could regift to someone else. Owning these stocks has been a costly disappointment for investors. A equal-weighted custom index of the four companies that have chronically missed expectations is down 4.6% over the past 12 months. That’s a brutal loss to take — especially since the S&P 500 is up nearly 19% during the same time.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
Earnings misses are extremely unpopular this time of year. Historically, about 60% or so of companies beat earnings expectations, so a miss is that much uglier. True, one big reason companies beat expectations is their managements talk down the quarter to analysts. That keeps expectations easier to beat. Maybe so, but it begs the question on while this small group of companies have made it a bad habit to keep missing.
Take, for instance, energy company Kinder Morgan. The company has actually missed adjusted earnings forecasts for at least the past straight five quarters. Most recently, on July 16, it reported a quarterly adjusted profit of 27 cents a share, missing the estimate by 4%. That may not sound like a big deal, but consider that on April 16, the company reported profit that was 20% below expectations. On average, the company has missed expectations by nearly 11%. Investors seem willing to give the company a pass — shares are up 6.3% — perhaps in part due to the company’s plump 4.4% dividend yield.
But one company investors aren’t pleased with the “surprises” coming from it is Jacobs Engineering. It, too, has missed earnings over at least the past five quarters. Its most recent bomb landed on July 29 when the company reported adjusted quarterly profit of 84 cents a share, missing the forecast by 4%. But rather than blowing off these disappointments, investors have sent the stock down 24% this year.
There’s always a chance these companies’ bad luck streaks will end. It finally did for retailer Costco (COST) . After missing earnings forecasts the previous four quarters, the company this week delivered adjusted profit for the quarter ended August of $1.58 a share, topping views by 4%. The stock rose 3% to $128.73 Wednesday on the news.
Maybe these other firms can follow suit — and give something investors pleasant to unwrap for once?
Company

World Bank Group warns Ebola crisis financial impact may cross $32.6 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

E-retail war hots up: Amazon may acquire Jabong; a counter to Flipkart s Myntra buyYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GVK wins green nod for Australian coal projectGVK wins green nod for Australian coal project
Modi stresses federalism in 100bn opportunity callModi stresses federalism in 100bn opportunity call
After BJPs LS surge  northern field wideopenAfter BJP’s LS surge, northern field wide open
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |       October 10, 2014 10:54 am
Comments
North Maharashtra has been one of two regions, the other being Vidarbha, where the Shiv Sena-BJP performed the best in the Lok Sabha elections, leading in over 90 per cent of the assembly segments. The combine swept the eight LS seats in the north, leading in 32 of 47 segments. These segments included the once impregnable Congress bastion of Nandurbar.
Six months on, what looked like a BJP wave seems to have ebbed, throwing the field wide open.
Nandurbar, 4 seats
With a tribal population of close to 70 per cent the district has languished for decades at the bottom of the state’s Human Development Index. Its four assembly seats were with Congress which now has two. The Modi wave and the switch of Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit from the NCP to the BJP saw the party leading three of the seats as it won the LS seat for the first time. Now, the Gavit family is being accused of trying to dominate district politics with all three brothers contesting as candidates of the BJP and the NCP. Apart from Nandurbar seat, the BJP does not look in the reckoning for the other three seats, where the Congress looks strongly placed.
Dhule, 5 seats
The areas of influence of each party are spread out. The Congress has two seats, the Sena and the BJP one each. The district has had strong regional leaders like Amrish Patel and Rohidas Patil. However the infighting between the two has meant the Congress could never dominate it. The most contentious seat is Dhule City from where Anil Gote is now contesting as a BJP candidate, against former NCP MLA Rajvardhan Kadambande. The Shiv Sena may struggle as its lone MLA Sharad Patil is facing a tough challenge from the Congress’s Kunal Patil, son of Rohidas. In tribal-dominated Sakri, the Congress is fighting a tough battle against the NCP and the BJP. Its hope is the reserved constituency of Shirpur, the fiefdom of Amrish Patel. The BJP looks strong in Sindhkheda, which it holds.
Jalgaon, 11 seats
The NCP won five of the 11 seats in 2009. It is losing ground as MLAs have switched sides and powerful leaders have had to contest from jail. Former minister Sanjay Savkare is contesting as a BJP candidate while another former minister, Gulabrao Deokar, is contesting from jail.
The BJP and the Sena are likely to be the major gainers. But it has its problems. Eknath Khadse, who is openly touting himself as a chief ministerial candidate, is facing a tough fight in Muktinagar. And hostility is growing between Khadse and his onetime protégé Girish Mahajan (Amalner).
The Sena looks set to gain from this confusion. Its Jalgaon candidate Sureshdada Jain is contesting from jail. The Congress is trying to open its account from Raver where sitting indpendent MLA Shirish Chaudhary is contesting on a Congress ticket.
Nashik, 15 seats
The Sena holds four seats, followed by the NCP and the MNS with three each. The district is known as the fiefdom of the Bhujbal family. Chhagan Bhujbal seems continued…

Bring water  gaingoodwillComments
Pradeep Patil (in white) with a pomegranate farmer in Aurangabad.
As a rule, conversations with Marathwada’s politicians must always turn to water. That is even more so this election, coming barely two years after one of Maharashtra’s worst drought in years and with an alleged Rs 70,000-crore irrigation scam continuing to be fodder for mockery of the 15-year Congress-NCP regime.
And since good news, like water, is scarce in these parts, it’s de rigueur for discussions on water to turn into long lamentations on corruption and delays.
That’s why BJP office-bearer in Aurangabad Pradeep Patil’s account sounds unusual. With not a single paisa in government aid, with only donations from locals, 20-odd villages in Aurangabad and Jalna built nearly 40 check dams along rainwater streams after the drought of 2012. A few political activists and local residents roped in the expertise of Suresh Khanapurkar, known for the ‘Shirpur pattern’ check dams, and raised funds for some rudimentary mud-and-stone structures and a few cement plugs.
These now hold rainwater, prevent it from flowing away and allow it to percolate. The results are startling in the five villages along a 16-km stretch along Aurangabad-Jalna Road. Gadejalgaon village, for example, harvested 2,000 quintals wheat in 2013, apart from sweet lime, pomegranate, corn and millet.
Patil was among the chief movers of the project, also channeling a Rs 50 lakh contribution from Devgiri Cooperative Bank, of which he is a director. “All the work was done in a span of 40 days. And we need to replicate this everywhere possible because depleting groundwater is the biggest concern for areas prone to drought and scarce rainfall,” says Patil, 40.
The people’s cooperation the villagers are so proud of today was designed to keep out not just government officials’ hand-wringing but also corruption. “We have proved that government estimates are hugely inflated. You don’t need hundred-crore projects, you only need an honest assessment of the need and simple, cost-effective solutions,” says Patil. The 40-odd dams cost Rs 4.5 crore, including a large one near Jalna city that cost over Rs 1 crore.
When they told a visiting government team in 2013 that one of the smaller structures was built at a little over a lakh, the officials reportedly insisted the villagers were lying. “Their estimate was that the job would cost at least four times as much,” says Vithal Sadre, who owns 20 acres in Gadejalgaon. He had lost 65 per cent of his crop in 2012 but is beaming now despite scanty rain.
Vithal too is with the BJP, and a panchayat samiti chairperson. Patil is a protégé of a former BJP minister (1995-1999), Haribhau Bagade, now contesting from Phulambri from where he has won four times and lost twice.
Despite Patil’s insistence that there was no political motive behind the effort, the BJP is harvesting rich dividends from these now lush farmlands in Gadejalgaon, Satana, Dudhal, Karajgaon, Shevga and Devni Wahegaon. In continued…

In BJPs Mission 145  rural seats hold thekeyIn BJP’s Mission 145, rural seats hold the key
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       October 10, 2014 10:40 am
Comments
BJP supporters at Modi’s rally in Baramati. (Source: Express photo Arul Horizon)
The BJP’s Mission 145+ will hinge strongly on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ability to make inroads in rural Maharashtra with his mantra”chhota admi, chhoti batein”. After around a dozen rallies across western Maharashtra, north Maharashtra, Marathwada, Vidarbha and Mumbai, it has become clear that the prime minister is seeking to connect with the rural masses.
Of the 288 seats in the assembly, rural Maharashtra accounts for 159. In the five-cornered contest, the BJP is facing the strongest challenge as it has become Modi versus the rest – Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena, MNS. In 2009, the BJP won only 47 seats out of 119 contested. For an absolute majority, therefore, it will need to add nearly 100 even if it retains most of those 47. And only 20 of the 47 are rural seats.
The BJP is optimistic. “The prime minister’s election campaign is a replay of that of the parliamentary elections. I can sense a greater acceptance of Modi among the rural masses in north Maharashtra and Marathwada,” said Union Minister Raosaheb Danve. And state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis said, “The single factor that is weighing on people’s minds is parivartan. And BJP’s confidence stems from the masses who see in Modi a hope for a better Maharashtra.”
The BJP’s support base is considered largely urban but there is a challenge here, too, with the Shiv Sena and the MNS having taken up the emotive Marathi-versus-Gujarati campaign in Mumbai, Thane, Nashik and Pune. These areas together account for 100 seats, making the rural vote all the more crucial.
Modi’s rallies have been planned to target Sharad Pawar in his bastion in western Maharashtra. The NCP has always been the strongest in rural Maharashtra, unlike the Congress that has traditionally been equally well-placed in urban and rural pockets. The Congress’ 82 seats of 2009 are split exactly half each way, while the NCP’s rural seats outnumber its urban seats 47 to 15.
Modi’s rallies in Kolhapur, Sangli and now Baramati are cause for worry for the Congress and the NCP in the west. In Vidarbha and the north, the BJP is somewhat better placed, though the Shiv Sena may challenge them in the rural districts of Parbhani, Hingoli, Aurangabad, Amravati, Akola and Washim.
“The BJP has succeeded in marketing the PM well,” agrees state NCP chief Sunil Tatkare. “But people are not going to vote on the lines of the parliamentary polls. In assembly polls, local issues will determine the outcome. Modi is attacking Pawar on the agriculture crisis. But it was during Pawar’s tenure that state farmers got most packages and higher renumeration from the Centre.”
Modi’s campaign in rural Maharashtra has sought to connect with the people on the issues that concern them, such as agrarian crisis, power problems and water shortage. Anti-incumbency is a bigger threat to the Congress and the continued…

Brands ask Amazon to offer moderate discountsYou are here: Home > Collections
Electronics brands ask Amazon India to offer moderate discounts during Diwali sale
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Alok Bharadwaj
(The companies have asked…)
KOLKATA: Top electronics brands have asked executives at Amazon India to offer moderate discounts, not more than 15%, during its week-long Diwali sale starting October 10. This opens a few days after Flipkart's October 6 Billion Day Sale, during which prices were slashed dramatically on some goods, leading to a backlash from traditional retail. The companies have asked that Amazon pricing not go below the 'landing price' or the rate at which brick-and-mortar stores buys goods from them, people aware of the development said.
Exclusive products for Amazon sale
At the same time, some brands such as Videocon are offering exclusive products for the Amazon sale so that there are no complaints from offline traders. Brands such as Sony and HTC have also issued fresh advisories ahead of the Amazon sale that they may seek to rein in discounts by curbing supplies altogether. "Typically, brick-and-mortar retailers have a 10-15% margin, which goes up to 18-20% during Diwali.
We have asked Amazon and other e-commerce firms not to go beyond this at any cost," said a senior executive at an consumer electronics firm. One of Amazon's vendors said the world's largest e-commerce firm was being careful about its forthcoming sale after the backlash over the Flipkart sale among consumers and brands. Videocon chief operating officer CM Singh said Amazon is expected to be much more cautious since it has a reputation to protect as a global leader. "We have close business ties with Amazon India and we expect they would stick to it," he said.
In a letter to the small retailers lobby, the All India Mobile Retailers Association (AIMRA), Sony India managing director Kenichiro Hibi said the company is closely monitoring any undercutting and will take "appropriate lawful steps". Canon wasn't too sure whether its price tags would be held in some instances at least. "The models that we deal with Amazon will be at sold at authorised price points but other material which is arranged by them from market is sold at their own price points, which is always a matter of concern," Canon India executive vice-president Alok Bharadwaj said.
"We don't know what are they selling tomorrow." HTC said in a trade advisory that online marketplaces are planning to buy large stocks of its new models from large brickand-mortar retailers and sell them online. HTC said it will penalise any trade partners selling online. While it cannot stop anyone from selling in the online marketplaces, HTC told ET that it's advising trade partners to sell through their own channels and maintain pricing, since it affects the whole eco-system. "We are also in dialogue with Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to stick to the recommended pricing," said HTC India country head Faisal Siddiqui .
When contacted, an Amazon India spokeswoman said the marketplace has been running a Diwali sale promotion since September 21. "Tomorrow will be our Diwali Dhamaka Week... we are on plan and will update you as soon as we make that information available to all. We don't release any information till such time we are ready and live," she said. Meanwhile, AIMRA general secretary Dheeraj Malik said the association had met commerce and industry ministry Nirmala Sitharaman ahead of the Amazon sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FOREX-Euro skids as German data chills  dollar reboundsFOREX-Euro skids as German data chills  dollar rebounds
Editorial: Unstable equilibriumE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme Court Justice Blocks Gay Marriage RulingJustice Anthony Kennedy Blocks Gay Marriage Ruling
Posted:
Updated:
10/08/2014 11:59 am EDT
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy speaks to faculty members at the University of Pennsylvania law school, Thursday, Oct. 3, 2013, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
LAS VEGAS (AP) — A U.S. Supreme Court justice on Wednesday temporarily blocked a lower-court ruling that declared gay marriage legal in Idaho and Nevada, dashing plans in Las Vegas to start performing gay nuptials in the self-proclaimed marriage capital of the world.
Nevada and Idaho had joined the growing number of states where same-sex marriage is legal when the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that gay couples' equal protection rights were violated by the gay marriage bans in both states.
In Las Vegas, the Marriage License Bureau had been expected to issue licenses for same-sex couples starting at 2 p.m. Wednesday, but Clark County Clerk Diane Alba told The Associated Press that it's clear, at least for now, that she can't issue gender-neutral marriage licenses after Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy's order temporarily halting gay marriage.
Kennedy's order came a little more than an hour after Idaho on Wednesday filed an emergency request for an immediate stay. The state's request said that without a stay, state and county officials would have been required to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples Wednesday morning.
Idaho Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter said Wednesday that he was glad Kennedy acted quickly.
"I'm pleased that Justice Kennedy has given us the opportunity to make our case in a way that helps avoid the confusion some other states have faced," Otter said. "I intend to be faithful to my oath of office and keep working to protect the Idaho Constitution and the mandate of Idaho voters in support of traditional marriage."
The delay could last just a few days. Kennedy's order requested a response from the plaintiffs involved in Idaho's gay marriage lawsuit by the end of Thursday.
The full court almost certainly would weigh in to extend the delay much beyond the weekend. That has been the justices' practice in other cases in which a single justice initially blocked a ruling from taking effect.
Las Vegas had been preparing for gay weddings. The county's marriage licenses went gender-neutral a couple weeks ago, just in case. Chapels had photographers practice with models to see how they might best shoot two brides in gowns.
In its decision Tuesday about Nevada and Idaho's gay marriage bans, 9th Circuit Judge Stephen Reinhardt wrote for a unanimous three-judge panel that laws treating people differently based on sexual orientation are unconstitutional unless there is a compelling government interest. He wrote that neither Idaho nor Nevada offered any legitimate reasons to discriminate against gay couples.
That decision came a day after the Supreme Court turned away state appeals, effectively legalizing same-sex marriage in several more states, bringing the U.S. total to 30.
The original Nevada lawsuit, Sevcik v. Sandoval, was filed in April 2012 on behalf of eight couples in the state. It said the 2002 state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage violated the Equal Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution by denying same-sex couples in Nevada the same rights, dignity and security that other married couples enjoy.
In Idaho, Sue Latta, with Traci Ehlers, sued the state last year to compel the state to recognize their 2008 marriage in California. Three other couples also joined the lawsuit to invalidate Idaho's same-sex marriage ban.
___
Associated Press reporters Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Rebecca Boone and Kimberlee Kruesi in Boise and Paul Elias in San Francisco contributed to this report.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Also on HuffPost:

Gross And Disgusting  Chicago Public Schools Under FireChicago Public Schools Under Fire Over Dirty Conditions, Rotten Food
Posted:
Updated:
10/08/2014 12:59 pm EDT
Students hustle through a hallway between classes during summer school July 3, 2001, at Brentano Academy in Chicago. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) | Tim Boyle via Getty Images
reddit
CHICAGO -- The new school year is off to a messy start in Chicago, the nation's third-largest school district.
Michael Flynn, who has taught sixth grade at Otis Elementary in Chicago’s West Town neighborhood since 1977, said he’s never seen his school dirtier. A whole floor went untouched overnight recently, leaving surfaces unswept and heaps of garbage in classrooms.
"It's a germ factory,” Flynn told HuffPost. "And it's as bad now as it's ever been in terms of kids not getting what they need.”
The Chicago Public School system has faced notorious budget cuts in recent years, and closed 49 schools in 2013 . Recent money-saving moves to privatize management of custodial  and cafeteria services have drawn the ire of parents and faculty, who have alleged schools are dirtier -- and school lunches are worse -- than ever.
A teacher at a high school on the city's Southwest Side, who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisal from the district, described where he's taught for the past eight years as "gross and disgusting."
"We're running out of toilet paper," he said. "I'm seeing more bugs than ever before. There's overflowing trash that sits for days and weeks in some cases."
The teacher said his classroom has had a leaky ceiling that's gone unfixed for two years, and roaches were recently spotted in a student locker room, causing students to avoid using the showers after phys ed class.
"It's gross and disgusting and my health is being affected," he said. "I want to be outside the minute I'm in here. It smells. Everything smells and I can't focus. If I can't focus to teach, how can kids focus to learn?"
The complaints follow the school district's hiring of Philadelphia-based Aramark in February to supervise and train school custodians. Aramark in the spring pulled many custodians from their longtime schools and assigned them to a floating pool of janitors. This led to fewer permanent custodians in schools, and talk of layoffs .
CPS chief administrative officer Tim Cawley introduced the Aramark custodial contract by telling school principals, who were previously responsible for managing custodians, that service under Aramark would be " like Jimmy John's ," with fast responses. Aramark, Cawley said, would make schools cleaner at a lower cost.
But the new management system has left many Chicago schools markedly messier. Some people have taken to using the Twitter hashtag #CPSfilth to document the conditions, including this shot purportedly taken inside a school restroom:
— drkugler (@drkugler) October 2, 2014
A teacher at an elementary school in Chicago's South Shore neighborhood, who asked to remain anonymous because she feared punishment, said her school has gone weeks without soap in student restrooms, causing teachers to buy some with their own money. The teacher said she bought toilet paper for her students to use. As classroom trash piles up, flies and gnats have become common, she said.
Several recent surveys corroborate these conditions. A survey of about 230 CPS principals and administrators conducted by AAPLE, an arm of the Chicago Principals and Administrators Association, found that dirty schools have become common this year. Another survey, conducted by the parent activist group Raise Your Hand CPS. found concerns with school cleanliness . And a Chicago Teachers Union survey conducted in June reports that maintenance problems were surfacing in the spring .
The messy conditions attracted criticism from the Chicago Board of Education at last month's meeting, held on Sept. 24. Less than a week later, Aramark, CPS and Service Employees International Union Local 1, which represents the district's privately employed custodians, announced changes to planned layoffs of custodians. Instead of firing 468 CPS janitors at the end of September, the district will lay off 290 at the end of October.
A photo taken inside a Southwest Side high school this spring, after the Aramark contract went into effect.
Karen Cutler, an Aramark spokeswoman, told HuffPost in a statement that the company was doing everything in its power to maintain quality. "CPS, Aramark and SEIU Local 1 continue to work closely to make sure all CPS schools have appropriate custodial staffing levels to ensure clean schools," Cutler said. She added that the company has brought in additional managers at its own expense to help train CPS custodians to use new equipment she touted as "more efficient" and "environmentally friendly."
Aramark's three-year, $260 million contract will save the cash-strapped district $40 million to $54 million over its life, school officials have said. (SodexoMAGIC, a private company that's 51 percent owned by former basketball star Magic Johnson, has an $80 million contract to oversee custodial services at 33 of the district's 522 schools as part of a pilot program outsourcing all maintenance.)
Aramark had already been working with the school district. The company signed a $97 million-a-year contract for food service in 2013. The district said the deal can be renewed three times and will save taxpayers $12 million annually.
Many teachers, quick to point out they blame neither the custodians nor the principals for the filth, say conditions aren't getting better. They're also turning attention to Aramark-managed school lunches.
A teacher at a South Side elementary school, who asked to remain anonymous to protect her job, told HuffPost her students have been fed "disgusting" meals under Aramark. She claimed the children were repeatedly served rotten apples last spring and were given moldy bread last month. She also said the cafeteria served spoiled broccoli that was eaten by some students before workers discovered it.
The teacher said that like at most Chicago schools, 90 percent of the students at her school come from low-income homes, so the food they are served at school is a main source of nutrition for them.
"I'm so nervous these kids will get sick," she said. "It breaks my heart because these are kids at our school that in general we know are going home and not getting food at home. They're getting kind of junk for a meal."
Others HuffPost interviewed for this article had no complaints about school food service. Some lauded Aramark for upgrading some schools with "warming" kitchens for pre-packaged frozen foods, to "cooking" kitchens that allow preparation of healthier and better-tasting meals.
Aramark was criticized earlier this year when a WBEZ reporter, inquiring about the ingredients of cafeteria chicken nuggets, was told the lone ingredient was "chicken nuggets."
The company also has been faulted for its ties to the school district. Leslie Fowler, the district's head of nutritional support services, worked at Aramark before she was hired by the school district -- a connection that prompted allegations from a competing company that she had played an inappropriate role in the bid process . The school district's new communications chief, Ron Iori, hired in June , also previously worked for Aramark.
CPS did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Other school districts also have reportedly had trouble with Aramark. The Philadelphia School District resumed operating its cafeterias two years into its contract with Aramark in 2007 because it was dissatisfied . The Houston Independent School District considered terminating its agreement with Aramark in 2011 , but ultimately renewed its contract.
The Chicago Tribune reports that at the Sept. 24 school board meeting, Cawley took responsibility for Aramark’s new role, but maintained that the "vast, vast majority" of Chicago schools are as clean or cleaner than ever.
Tom Balanoff, SEIU Local 1 president, told HuffPost he believed the reduced layoffs and Aramark technological changes will help custodians "be able to maintain the level of cleanliness" needed. If more issues arise, he said he would hope CPS will rehire more custodians.
"They're going through the motions," said Jennie Biggs, a parent of three CPS students. Last month, she told the Board of Education a student vomited on a classroom rug on a Friday afternoon and the mess remained uncleaned the following Monday. "It's disturbing that people in the school are actually taking appropriate steps to try and get someone to address it, and they're being ignored," she said.
Also on HuffPost:

Bandhan picks tech allyBandhan picks tech ally
Vodafone asks Centre to issue spectrumVodafone asks Centre to issue spectrum
Need for sage counsel: Why half of new startups end up dying in the first year itselfNeed for sage counsel: Why half of new startups end up dying in the first year itself
Marketers shifting ads from TV to digitalMarketers shifting ads from TV to digital
HANDOUT
A video mashup called "The Waze Runner" is among the original content on the Quiznos website, toasty.tv. Quiznos has not spent any money on TV advertising this year.
A video mashup called "The Waze Runner" is among the original content on the Quiznos website, toasty.tv. Quiznos has not spent any money on TV advertising this year. (HANDOUT)
Mondelez and Allstate are shifting ads from TV to online videos.
A shift to digital video may take a bite out of the $78 billion TV ad market.
Mondelez deal with Google to increase digital video ads comes at the expense of TV.
The digital video revolution is here, and Oreos will be served.
Snack food giant Mondelez International announced a deal last week with Google to increase video advertising on YouTube, joining Allstate insurance and other major marketers in shifting advertising budgets from traditional to digital media.
The trend could take a bite out of the $78 billion U.S. television advertising market, as dollars follow viewers online. Commercials may look different as well, with marketers turning to digital content creators to do what they do best — produce buzz-worthy online videos.
Bonin Bough, vice president of global media and consumer engagement at Deerfield-based Mondelez, said the company will employ top YouTube talent as part of the deal, making for a more cost-effective digital strategy.
Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting has quietly launched a new digital TV network featuring iconic police shows such as “Hill Street Blues” and “NYPD Blue.” ( Robert Channick )
"Consumers are consuming more online video year over year, and they're consuming more content year over year," Bough said. "It's very difficult to feed that voracious appetite with the current economics that we have around video content creation."
Mondelez, an international snacks business that emerged from the 2012 split of Kraft Foods, has such powerhouse brands as Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident, which are marketed in 165 countries. The company reported 2013 revenue of $35 billion.
In 2013, Mondelez spent $181.6 million on advertising in the U.S., according to Kantar Media, with more than two-thirds of that budget used for TV advertising. Digital accounted for less than 5 percent of the total advertising budget last year.
8
The Google agreement is part of a broader strategy by Mondelez to shift 10 percent of its advertising budget to online video in 2014, the company said. The deal was brokered by Chicago-based Starcom MediaVest Group, and it covers markets in North America, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Asia. Terms were not disclosed.
Marketers are spending more on digital video advertising in a bid to keep up with consumers.
Research firm eMarketer estimates that daily time spent with digital video has risen from 6 minutes in 2010 to 55 minutes this year. About 195 million people in the U.S. watch digital video at least monthly. That viewership number is expected to grow to more than 212 million by 2018, or more than half the U.S. population.
Digital ad spending is expected to top $50 billion this year, or nearly 30 percent of total U.S. ad spending, according to eMarketer. While TV still has the largest slice of the ad spending pie, at 38 percent, the research firm projects that it will be surpassed by digital within four years.
YouTube, which is owned by Google, has nearly 20 percent of the U.S. online video advertising market, with a projected $1.13 billion in revenues this year, according to eMarketer. Overall U.S. digital video ad spending is up 56 percent this year.
Northbrook-based Allstate Corp. spent more than $641 million on advertising last year, with nearly $467 million allocated to television, according to Kantar Media. Lisa Cochrane, senior vice president of marketing for Allstate, said the insurance company is shifting 20 percent of its media budget to digital, with online video at the center of the increase.
"We continue to shape our media mix around consumer media behavior," Cochrane said.
Digital's growth may already be affecting U.S. television advertising spending, which last year totaled $78 billion, according to Nielsen. The annual growth rate for TV advertising slowed to 3 percent in 2013 from 6 percent the previous year.
Good. TV stations are an oligopoly at best. I'm going to love watching them go down, almost as much as I loved watching newspapers and (soon) radio broadcasters go down.
Joe South
1
Bough said the increased digital spending would affect more than just the TV budget for Mondelez.
"It's sourced from across the media mix," Bough said. "We're continuing to focus on measurement and look at those things that aren't delivering, and shifting that to this vehicle that is delivering."
He also said that the distinction between online viewing and television viewing is becoming less relevant for Mondelez, which simply wants to reach the largest possible audience as efficiently as possible.
"This is no longer a world of TV versus online video," Bough said. "We see this as a world of video. We're reaching more people, we're doing it more efficiently, and it's driving greater return."
In addition to the increased advertising commitment, Mondelez will work with Los Angeles-based YouTube content creator Fullscreen, which will help the company develop custom video campaigns to supplement its traditional TV commercials.
That opens the door to a whole new breed of celebrity spokesperson.
Fullscreen manages a talent roster of about 80 homegrown YouTube celebrities, such as 15-year-old Anthony Quintal, better known to millions of online fans as sassy video blogger Lohanthony. A joint venture between AT&T and the Chernin Group announced last month that it had acquired a majority stake in Fullscreen for a reported $200 million to $300 million.
Quiznos, the Denver-based sandwich chain, has taken the digital paradigm shift further, forsaking traditional TV advertising.
"We haven't spent any money on TV in 2014, and we've definitely upped the amount we're spending on digital," said Chris Ruszkowski, vice president of advertising and marketing for Quiznos.
The company spent nearly all of its $26 million advertising budget on television last year, according to Kantar Media.
This year, Quiznos is focusing on developing original video content, with movie and TV parodies garnering big numbers on YouTube and its own website, toasty.tv. Video mashups such as "The Waze Runner" and "Mad X-Men" populate the site, along with games, music videos and a few well-placed ads for Quiznos sandwiches.
The original content has shown promise at engaging a hard-to-reach young male audience, a target for the sandwich chain, Ruszkowski said.
In addition to its beefed-up digital strategy, Quiznos is funneling some of its former TV advertising budget into print and local store marketing. The company expects to have enough left over to pocket some substantial savings.
"TV is really expensive," Ruszkowski said.

Ericsson inks 4G network deal with Bharti AirtelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ericsson inks 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel
Swedish telecom equipment manufacturer Ericsson has big plans for India, which it says is witnessing the second phase of the mobile broadband revolution. That explains its 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel. CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain caught up with Mikael Back, Global Strategy Head at Ericsson, to learn more about the company's India aspirations.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
Swedish telecom equipment manufacturer Ericsson has big plans for India, which it says is witnessing the second phase of the mobile broadband revolution. That explains its 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel . CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain caught up with Mikael Back, Global Strategy Head at Ericsson, to learn more about the company's India aspirations. Here's what she found out.
The world's largest mobile broadband system manufacturer wants to make the most of the telecom revolution sweeping through India. So Helsinki-based Ericsson has joined hands with India's largest telecom company by number of subscribers, Bharti Airtel. The plan is to build, and upgrade Bharti Airtel's 4G capabilities and infrastructure to effect a faster, more efficient, and reliable 4G service.
Bharti Airtel has 4G spectrum in 8 circles including Kolkata, Maharashtra, Punjab, Karnataka, New Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana and Kerala and already offers 4G services in Ludhiana, Mohali, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Chandigarh and Panchkula.
Mikael back, Head - global strategy, Ericsson, said, "We are today announcing that we are going to be doing our first LTE rollout with Bharti Airtel. Details about that and detailed timelines will come later."
However Bharti Airtel deal is not the only play Ericsson is backing in the country. It already has deals with players like Idea and Vodafone to manage pre-paid charging systems and real-time post-paid charging platforms, among others. So what's behind Ericsson's sudden increased interest in India? A study showing that with increasing rural penetration, the total active mobile connections in India are expected to jump a whopping 85 percent to 1.2 billion by 2020. That study also predicts that the number of mobile broadband subscribers in India will increase to 600 million by 2020, 20 percent of whom will be on the 4G platform.
"In my view even if the last five years were fantastic in terms of development of Smartphone's and experiences around that. I think the next five years will see an explosion of traffic, explosion of users and also an explosion of mainly connecting Smartphone's to internet of things, what we call the network society", said Mikael Back.
However experts are quick to point out that a lot of this boom will depend on just how much the government does to make the Indian environment conducive to such an explosion, that means three things: better infrastructure, a drive to make services affordable, and a spike in local language content for ease of use.
RELATED NEWS

Radio City to double expansion  go public soonLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Radio City to double expansion, go public soon
Radio City says it is banking on the fact that it is a debt-free company and has a strong footing on the margins front to ensure a successful fund-raising drive, whether through debt or an IPO.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
FM radio station, Radio City is ready to hum a new tune. The radio channel is considering going public. CNBC-TV18 reports that the debt-free company has Rs 400 crore capex planned as it enters another phase of expansion.
If all goes well, Radio City's melodies will reach the remotest cities in India, as the company enters expansion mode, ahead of the phase three auctions later this year and the company is looking to almost double its radio stations to 40.
Apurva Purohit, CEO, Music Broadcast says, “They will be giving out 800 licenses in 300 cities and we are pretty aggressive about our expansion plan. We hope to grow our current set of 20 cities to 35-40 cities. So we will be looking for funding and the approximate amount required is Rs 350-400 crores.”
The company admits that the upcoming spectrum auctions alone may eat up a large chunk of its Rs 400 crore war chest. So a plan to hit the capital markets with an initial public offering is also on the cards.
Radio City says it is banking on the fact that it is a debt-free company and has a strong footing on the margins front to ensure a successful fund-raising drive, whether through debt or an IPO.
Purohit further says the company has been delivering an EBITDA margin of 30 percent and is sitting on a small pool of cash.
She is confident that with the expansion plans going through, ad revenues will increase. Currently, the medium of radio gets just 5 percent of the country's total advertising spends, and this number is expected to double over the next three-four years.
The growth phase will kick in after the December spectrum auctions. That's when radio stations can expand their geographical presence and reach, and get more advertisers to dance to their tune.
RELATED NEWS

Why We Should Not Tamper With IFRSPublished on Thu, Oct 09,2014 | 22:11, Updated at Thu, Oct 09 at 22:16Source : Moneycontrol.com 
By: Dolphy Dsouza, Partner In A Member Firm Of Ernst & Young Global
Most of the world is now reporting under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).  The last of the developed countries to adopt IFRS was Japan.  Earlier, China too has adopted IFRS, but retained only one difference between Chinese GAAP and IFRS. As of now, there are only two significant countries that do not use IFRS.  One is USA.  However, USA allows IFRS for foreign private filers.  It is also being hoped that US may ultimately allow US companies to voluntarily adopt IFRS in the future.  Besides since long, US and the IASB have been working together on numerous standards, which has resulted in US slowly inching towards US GAAP that is similar to IFRS.
The other significant exception to IFRS adoption is India.  India has announced a roadmap to IFRS (known as Ind-AS), but with numerous questions remaining unanswered.  In this article, the author is only dealing with one of these questions.  That question is should India really depart from IFRS as issued by IASB.  Secondly, if the answer is in the affirmative, why and to what extent should we depart?  At this stage these matters are being debated and the answers to these questions will be clear in the near future.
The most important thing to keep in mind is that accounting is an art, and not a precise science.  Primarily, financial statements should reflect and capture the underlying substance of transactions.  The accounting standards are drafted to ensure that underlying transactions are properly accounted for and also aggregated and reflected transparently in the financial statements.  But as already pointed out, this is not a precise science, and people may have different views on how to achieve this objective.  Also at times, countries depart from the basic objective of true and fair display, to help companies in difficulty and pursue other unrelated objectives.
The IASB is an independent standard setting body comprising of 14 full time members from different parts of the world.  The IASB is also responsible for approving interpretations of IFRS.  IFRS’s are developed through an international consultation process, the "due process", which involves interested individuals and organizations from around the world. The development of an IFRS is carried out during IASB meetings, when the IASB considers the comments received on the Exposure Draft. Finally, after the due process is completed, all outstanding issues are resolved, and the IASB members have balloted in favour of publication, the IFRS is issued.  This is a very time consuming process, but results in technically solid IFRS’s being issued.  It takes into consideration the needs and realities of different countries, and tries to balance them.  At times, some of these needs and realities could be conflicting, and it would be impossible to keep all countries happy all the time.  Nonetheless, the bottom line remains that the standards should be technically robust, one that would reflect the substance of the underlying business and transactions in a fair and transparent manner.
Most countries that have adopted IFRS, have adopted them as they are, i.e., without indigenizing them to their local GAAP.  There were many reasons for taking this approach.  Foremost, their local GAAP was developed to meet some regulatory objective such as taxes or investor protection or capital adequacy.  They did not reflect the true and fair picture and hence were not typically driven towards meeting the needs of the investors.  This had to change and investor needed to be given precedence if capital formation and growth objectives were important.
Most countries that did adopt IFRS as it is did so because it enhanced the credibility of the financial statements which resulted in low cost of capital.  As major groups have companies all over the world, using one accounting language helped them in preparing consolidated financial statements seamlessly.  Using one accounting language across their different companies in the world also meant that their management information systems and IT was consistent across the globe.  This made their lives much more predictable, consistent and easier.  Today most stock exchanges in the developed world either require or allow IFRS.  Also, investors around the globe understand IFRS and are very comfortable with it.  
Any country that departs from IFRS will not receive any of the above benefits.  Therefore if India were to implement IFRS with too many differences, it would be akin to moving from one Indian GAAP to another Indian GAAP.  It would not be possible for Indian companies to state that they are compliant with IFRS, and hence those financial statements will be treated as local GAAP financial statements.  In recent times, India’s corporate governance rating too has taken a beating because it has not implemented IFRS.
An interesting point to keep in mind is that in the future even if Ind-AS are completely aligned to IASB IFRS, companies would not be entitled to state that their financial statements comply with IASB IFRS.  This is because the opening balances would not be in accordance with IASB IFRS.  To state compliance with IASB IFRS, companies shall have to apply IFRS 1, convert all over again and will be treated as a first time adopter.
The other argument for not tampering with IFRS is one based on technical reasoning.  Take for instance, accounting for foreign exchange.  It is being proposed (under Ind-AS) that any gains or losses on foreign exchange on long term borrowings will be parked in a reserve account and amortized over the period of the loan.  This was based on the argument that sharp fall in foreign exchange rates are offset by sharp increases and in the long run volatility is evened out.  By following an amortization policy, stability can be introduced in the P&L account.
However, the reality is that in the long run, rupee does consistently depreciate vis a vis the US dollar.  This is not just based on a theoretical argument caused by different levels of inflation in the two countries, but can be practically checked (see table for 10 year chart).  By following a policy of amortization, the P&L impact connected with a substantial depreciation of the rupee is deferred to the latter years.  The best thing to do to reflect the true and fair picture would be to account for the foreign exchange changes in the financial statements as they happen, rather than amortizing it.  Amortizing current losses to future years, is like playing mind games into believing that the loss has not happened or hoping that the loss will reverse out, which may never happen.
 

Pak resumes shelling |  Pak started shelling after Asiad hockey loss to IndiaPakistan resumes shelling in J&K; thousands of villagers evacuated
IANS Oct 10, 2014, 02.39AM IST
Tags:
J&K
(A house in Jammu damaged…)
JAMMU: Pakistani forces on Thursday again started targeting civilian areas and BSF positions near the International Border in Jammu and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, an official said.
"Pakistan Rangers are firing with mortars and automatic weapons in R.S. Pura sector of Jammu and Hirnagar sector of Kathua," a police officer told IANS, adding that the Pakistan firing started at 7 pm and was still continuing two hours later.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has started "retaliating effectively", he added.
Most villages along the International Border (IB) in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts have been evacuated since Pakistan Rangers resorted to targeting villages and BSF positions since Oct 6.
Jammu Divisional Commissioner Shant Manu told IANS eight people have died so far in the ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control (LoC) and the IB in Jammu district.
"Five civilians were killed in Pakistan shelling in Arnia area on Oct 6 while a girl injured in Pakistan Army shelling in Poonch district on the LoC also succumbed to injuries," he said.
"Two women were killed Wednesday in Pakistan firing on the International Border, taking the toll of people killed during the last four days to eight."
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC pulls up MoEF for delay in report on hydropower projectsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft CEO: Women Should Trust System on Raisesmicrosoft ceo: women should trust system on raises
Diplomat Pharmacy Prices Its Initial Public OfferingDiplomat Pharmacy Prices Its Initial Public Offering
Fixing the tribunal messE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

City Insider: Miles Frost  tech champion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d16bef0-4fc1-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  Japan to sign advance-pricing agreement to untie tax hasslesIndia  Japan to sign advance-pricing agreement to untie tax hassles
Teva Pharmaceutical IndustriesSun Pharmaceutical: Updates on scheme of arrangement
Nov 24, 2014 at 14:15 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad, at its hearing held on November 14, 2014, has sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement in the nature of Merger of Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited with Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited.
Nov 24, 2014 at 10:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities recommends going long in Cipla.
Here are Parag Thakkar's few trading ideas
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
CCI begins public scrutiny of Holcim-Lafarge deal
Nov 22, 2014 at 14:25 | Source: PTI
The comments with respect to the Holcim-Lafarge deal need to be submitted to the CCI (Competition Commission of India) within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
Be careful while betting on midcaps; like Kotak: Dimensions
Nov 21, 2014 at 10:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ajay Srivastava is bullish on cement, tyre, IT and pharma space. Among stocks, Srivastava likes JK Lakshmi, Shree cement, Sun Pharma, Lupin, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and Oracle.
Sun Pharma consolidated Sep '14 sales at Rs 4,769.49 crore
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has reported a consolidated total income from operations of Rs 4,769.49 crore and a net profit of Rs 1,572.46 crore for the quarter ended Sep '14
Sun Pharma, Lupin, Dr Reddy's preferred picks: Agarwal
Nov 20, 2014 at 14:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Nitin Agrawal - Pharma Analyst at IDFC Securities, Sun Pharma, Lupin and Dr Reddy's labs are the preferred picks.
Here's why Sun, Lupin, DRL are still best pharma bets
Nov 20, 2014 at 13:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Once the closure of the merger (Sun-Ranbaxy) is done and market begins to take due notice of the benefits that can come through on the acquisition the stock will not look that expensive thereon, says Nitin Agrawal.
Ranbaxy to exit Nifty Junior index from November 28
Nov 18, 2014 at 19:34 | Source: PTI
These changes would be effective from November 28, 2014. Ranbaxy has been already dropped from NSE's benchmark index, Nifty.
Ranbaxy sues FDA for revoking approvals for Nexium, Valcyte
Nov 18, 2014 at 14:55 | Source: Reuters
In the suit filed in the District Court for the District of Columbia, Ranbaxy said the FDA's move violated constitutional rights, exceeded the agency's statutory authority, and was "arbitrary, capricious, and otherwise contrary to law."
Sun Pharmaceutical: Updates on scheme of arrangement
Nov 24, 2014 at 14:15 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad, at its hearing held on November 14, 2014, has sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement in the nature of Merger of Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited with Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited.
Nov 24, 2014 at 10:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities recommends going long in Cipla.
CCI begins public scrutiny of Holcim-Lafarge deal
Nov 22, 2014 at 14:25 | Source: PTI
The comments with respect to the Holcim-Lafarge deal need to be submitted to the CCI (Competition Commission of India) within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
Here are Parag Thakkar's few trading ideas
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Be careful while betting on midcaps; like Kotak: Dimensions
Nov 21, 2014 at 10:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ajay Srivastava is bullish on cement, tyre, IT and pharma space. Among stocks, Srivastava likes JK Lakshmi, Shree cement, Sun Pharma, Lupin, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and Oracle.
Sun Pharma consolidated Sep '14 sales at Rs 4,769.49 crore
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has reported a consolidated total income from operations of Rs 4,769.49 crore and a net profit of Rs 1,572.46 crore for the quarter ended Sep '14
Sun Pharma, Lupin, Dr Reddy's preferred picks: Agarwal
Nov 20, 2014 at 14:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Nitin Agrawal - Pharma Analyst at IDFC Securities, Sun Pharma, Lupin and Dr Reddy's labs are the preferred picks.
Here's why Sun, Lupin, DRL are still best pharma bets
Nov 20, 2014 at 13:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Once the closure of the merger (Sun-Ranbaxy) is done and market begins to take due notice of the benefits that can come through on the acquisition the stock will not look that expensive thereon, says Nitin Agrawal.
Ranbaxy to exit Nifty Junior index from November 28
Nov 18, 2014 at 19:34 | Source: PTI
These changes would be effective from November 28, 2014. Ranbaxy has been already dropped from NSE's benchmark index, Nifty.
Krish Subramanium recommends bull spread in Sun Pharma
Nov 18, 2014 at 14:33 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Krish Subramanium of Asit C. Mehta Investment Interrmediates recommends bull spread in Sun Pharma wherein one can buy 880 Call and sell 920 Call.
Videos »

Reliance Industries approaches SAT against Sebi s Rs 13-crore penaltylisting agreement
(Sebi had asked Mukesh Ambani-led…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries has approached the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) against a penalty of Rs 13 crore imposed on it by markets regulator Sebi in a case related to disclosure of a key earnings ratio of the company.
SAT is scheduled to hear tomorrow the appeals filed by Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) against the Sebi order that was passed on August 8, 2014.
The penalty includes a fine of Rs 1 crore for violation of Listing Agreement and another Rs 12 crore for violation of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act in a matter related to alleged non-disclosure of the Diluted Earnings Per Share (DEPS) in the quarterly and annual financial filings.
Sebi had asked the company to pay the penalty within 45 days of the receipt of the order.
The order followed a probe by the Securities and Exchange Board of India in an over 7-year old case involving alleged irregularities in the issuance of 12 crore warrants by Mukesh Ambani-led RIL to its promoters, entitling its holders to subscribe to equivalent number of equity shares of RIL.
It was alleged that this issuance in April 2007 had resulted in diluting the pre-issue paid-up equity share capital of RIL, but the company repeatedly failed to disclose such dilution in earnings for as many as six quarters.
"We are now studying the order as to the interpretation Sebi has taken and would take appropriate action based on legal advice," an RIL spokesperson had said on August 8 after the Sebi order.
"The issue relates to the method of calculation of diluted EPS under the Accounting Standards. The issue is not of non-disclosure," the company had said.
"It can be observed from the results published by the company of all the quarters in question that both basic and diluted EPS have been disclosed," RIL had said, while releasing its financial results for the six quarters concerned to substantiate its claims on basic and diluted EPS.
In its 15-page order, Sebi said the company had submitted before it that there would "be no dilutive effect in the Earning Per Share (EPS) if the proceeds from the issue are not less than the fair value of the shares issued".
Sebi ruled that "conversion of warrants into equity shares would necessarily result in reduction in net profit per share of the company as the same amount of profit needs to be distributed to additional equity shares as well upon such conversion".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banking heavyweights led today s rally on StBanks take charge ahead of earnings season; lead Sensex rally
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.29PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Banks was in action for second…)
MUMBAI: Banks were in action for second straight session as investors shifted to beaten down stocks after the sharp correction recently.
The S&P BSE Bankex came under tremendous pressure lately. Between September 22 and October 7, the index fell nearly 7 per cent on concerns of delay in interest rate hike and inflation woes. However, in the past two sessions, it has bounced back around 4 per cent as buying activity picked up ahead of the earnings season.
According to Motilal Oswal report, recent decline in commodity prices, deleveraging of corporate balance sheet and lower funds requirement by oil marketing companies will lead to higher liquidity in the system and in turn continued decline in interest rates.
The brokerage asserts that while FY15 loan growth is expected to be muted, based on its house view of GDP growth assumption of 6.5 per cent in FY16E (v/s 5.5 per cent in FY15E), loan growth is expected to pick up, going forward.
Motilal Oswal's top picks in large caps are ICICI Bank and SBI. It also also prefers YES and Union Bank.
Following are analysts view on banking space:
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com is if the view that investors should focus on largecaps.
"We have been recommending our clients to look at SBI, Bank of Baroda and PNB in the PSU space. My sense is that the macro recovery in the next six months looks quite imminent and hopefully once the GDP growth rate improves and interest rate cycle starts, these banks would definitely benefit.
In the private sector banks space, it is Axis Bank or maybe HDFC Bank and from the smaller banks, YES Bank.
According to Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, Bank Nifty has come out of bearish setup and lot of banking stocks have given breakout.
"HDFC Bank is one which has got into all-time high so that could be a fresh buying idea. The stock is a buy with a stop below 874. Look for targets of around Rs 925. Buy Federal Bank with a stop below Rs 127 for target of around Rs139-140 on the upside.
The S&P BSE Bank was closed up 2.51 per cent at 18,017.86 against 1.49 per cent rise on the Sensex .
SBI (up 2.84 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 2.64 per cent), Axis Bank (up 2.32 per cent) and HDFC Bank (up 2.25 per cent) were among the top performers on the Sensex.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Virat Kohli told to  demote  himself by Sunil GavaskarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Procurement fraud  bribery are the biggest risks facing infrastructure firms  says new Deloitte surveyProcurement fraud, bribery are the biggest risks facing infrastructure firms, says new Deloitte survey
Mamuni Das
Companies opening up on problems; dispute resolution another key cost
New Delhi, October 9:  
Procurement fraud, bribery and corruption are the biggest fraud risks that infrastructure companies face, according to a survey conducted by Deloitte on managing fraud and dispute challenges in the infrastructure sector.
“Today, more and more players are willing to discuss the fraud issues they face, which is quite a shift from the scenario five years ago when firms were unwilling to even discuss such issues,” said Amit Bansal, Senior Director, Forensic Services, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India.
The participants in the survey were 29 top executives – C-level professionals – from as many infrastructure firms. The survey started in August 2014.
Procurement fraud happens because large infrastructure projects rely on large-scale procurement of goods and services, and despite centralising procurement processes, companies depend on local third parties for sourcing material, equipment and labour, points out the report.
The survey reiterated the perception about bribery being a part of regulatory clearances of infrastructure projects with 50 per cent of respondents saying they were compelled to resort to back channels, bribery and facilitation payments to ensure that delays do not trouble them.
“Further, 60 per cent of survey respondents indicated that at least 15 per cent of their total investments in projects were delayed due to paying bribes and those who did not pay were denied clearances,” the survey report said.
How fraud happens
Interestingly, the respondents rated revenue leakage and misappropriation of cash as the least important fraud risk impacting the sector. Deloitte attributes this to the fact more projects are in construction phase than in the operational phase, which shifts the focus of respondents.
In the construction phase, fraudulent activities happen through inflated invoices for hiring equipment and labour, pilferage of inventory and scrap material, inflated costs for earthwork and collusion between vendors and employees to inflate quotations.
In the operational phase of infrastructure projects, “fraud schemes” involve revenue leakage at toll plazas, under-reporting of revenues by lessees at airports, malls or duty free outlets and leakage in container demurrage charges. Moreover, there could leakages in metering and billing at power distribution companies where there could be collusion between employees and consumers to pocket the differential amount. Also, there could be cash theft at counters of courier companies when the amount on receipt is recorded lower than actual and balance is pocketed.
Having identified such fraud risks, 70 per cent of respondents preferred to have whistle-blower hotline for vendors, customers and employees as a preferred mechanism to prevent frauds.
Also, dispute resolution for infrastructure companies is getting costlier with 20 per cent of respondents spending 5-10 per cent of their revenues in dispute resolution. Interestingly, 65 per cent of respondents stated that they spend 5 per cent of their annual revenues on dispute resolution.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

AAP slams Narendra Modi govt for inconsistent policy on PakistanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Fed dithers on rate cut  infuses life into marketsUS Fed dithers on rate cut  infuses life into markets
Temasek to buy $82 million stake in Indias DevyaniTemasek to buy $82 million stake in Indias Devyani
Amazon may acquire Jabong to Flipkart s Mynt...You are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed officials keep eyes on mid-2015 rate riseFed officials keep eyes on mid-2015 rate rise
http://usat.ly/1vUQ62MFord shares sink on day after analyst report
By: Chris Woodyard October 9, 2014 12:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ford shares fell 2.6% to $13.84 Thursday, a day after an influential analyst predicted that the company’s breakthrough aluminum-bodied F-150 may not be as profitable as predicted in the short run.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas cut his price target on Ford shares to $14, down from $16, even though he acknowledged the new truck is terrific from a product standpoint.
He warned that it may not be as profitable as forecast and its rollout may not go smoothly.
Plus, the company is banking itself on the new truck, the source of about 90% of its profits.
He later added that profitability will also be harmed by the competitive response to the new truck. Jonas noted that Ford officials say its new technology is aimed at winning over buyers from competitive brands, but that it may not surrender so easily.
Contributing: Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press

Mukesh Ambani  Anil Ambani to Invest Rs 50k cr in MPMukesh Ambani  Anil Ambani to Invest Rs 50k cr in MP
Suzlons projects in Madhya PradeshSuzlons projects in Madhya Pradesh
Facebook has no near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp: Mark Zuckerberg5
0
New Delhi: Facebook Inc, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give details.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.
12

Gap shares plunge after CEO s exitGap shares plunge after CEO's exit announcement
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 9, 2014: 1:19 PM ET
 
Mind The Gap: Stock plummets as CEO departs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Gap shares plunged Thursday, one day after the company announced that its CEO would resign.
Glenn Murphy, who became CEO in 2007, will retire at the end of Gap's fiscal year in February, the company said.
The apparel store chain also said sales had been disappointing and warned that its flagship brand, the Gap, will continue to struggle in the current quarter.
Gap ( GPS ) stock fell 12% in early trading.
Related: Zombie retailers Sears, J.C. Penney plunge
In a conference call with analysts, Murphy said he discussed Gap's long-term plans with the company's board and that they agreed that a new CEO would be better suited to implementing those plans.
"These conversations are always rooted in your ability to make personal commitments," said Murphy. "And I'm just not able to make a personal commitment to execute this next round of long range strategy and planning for Gap Inc."
Murphy added that some board members urged him to stay, which he found flattering. But he said Art Peck, the executive who currently runs Gap's digital operations and selected to replace him, is well positioned to lead the company forward.
The management change comes as Gap sales have slowed. Gap sales globally were down 3% in September, though sales at its other brands -- Old Navy and Banana Republic -- were positive.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 10:24 AM ET
Most Popular

Soda wars! Pepsi beats Coke on Wall StreetBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 9, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Pepsi is winning the soda -- or pop for you Midwesterners -- war on Wall Street.
Shares of Pepsi ( PEP ) hit an all-time high Thursday after the soft drink and beverage giant reported third-quarter earnings that blew away forecasts thanks to strong demand in emerging markets. The company also boosted its earnings outlook for the year.
Top rival Coca-Cola ( KO ) hit a new record as well Thursday.
But Pepsi's stock is up 14% this year compared to just a 7% gain for Coke.
There are a couple of reasons to explain why this is the case.
1) Pass the chips. Pepsi benefits from owning the Frito-Lay snack business -- Doritos, Cheetos and Sun Chips as well as Fritos and Lay's.
Revenue and operating profits from Pepsi's food business in North America and Latin America grew at a higher rate in the third quarter than sales and earnings for Pepsi's American beverage unit.
It's no secret that soft drinks loaded up with high-fructose corn syrup are falling out of favor as Americans grow more health-conscious. That's why Pepsi and Coke have both launched products with natural sweetener stevia in them ... and in hideous looking emerald green cans to boot.
Related: Coke and Pepsi launch competing green stevia sodas
But it may be more crucial for Coke to succeed with lower-calorie sodas. That's because Coke doesn't own a food division. So it's trying to diversify beyond soft drinks with investments in other beverage companies, such as K-Cup coffee maker Keurig Green Mountain ( GMCR ) and energy drink producer Monster Beverage ( MNST ).
2) The Peltz effect. Activist shareholder Nelson Peltz, who is now arguably more famous for being the father of "Transformers: Age of Extinction" star Nicola Peltz than anything he's done as a corporate raider, wants Pepsi to pull an HP ( HPQ , Tech30 ) and eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) and break up into two companies.
Peltz has repeatedly maintained that Pepsi would be better off with one separate public company for beverages and another for its snack business. But Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi has rejected the idea.
Now we have a chicken/egg question here. Peltz would probably argue that Pepsi is at an all-time high because investors are siding with him and think a split would be a good idea. In other words, expectations of a break-up are pushing the stock higher. Pepsi would clearly counter that the company's fundamentals speak for themselves.
Related: Nooyi and 2 other female CEOs stand by the NFL
Either way, the possibility of a Pepsi split is something that the market is aware of and may be pricing into the stock. That gives Pepsi a leg up on Coke. Nobody is calling for Coke to be broken up.
3) Pepsi is cheaper. Pepsi is trading at 19 times 2015 earnings forecasts. And analysts are expecting earnings to grow about 7% a year annually, for the next few years. Now is that a little too expensive for a stodgy consumer stock? Perhaps.
Still, Pepsi is more attractive than Coke. Although Coke trades at just a slight premium to Pepsi -- 20 times 2015 earnings forecasts -- its profits are only expected to increase 4.6% a year for the next few years.
If anything, Pepsi should command the higher price-to-earnings ratio. Both stocks also offer a dividend that yields 2.8%. So it's not as if Coke is a safer haven than Pepsi.
Coke will have a chance to prove that it deserves a richer valuation than Pepsi when it releases its results on October 21.
But here's a fun closing factoid for all you soda junkies. The best performing beverage stock (and the one that makes the best products IMHO) is actually Dr Pepper Snapple ( DPS ). Shares of "The Doctor" are up nearly 35% this year. It hit an all-time high on Thursday too. Its shares are also cheaper than Coke and Pepsi and its earnings growth is expected to outpace Coke and Pepsi.
Reader Comment of the Week! Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) is holding an event on October 16 . It will probably be unveiling a new line of iPads and Macs and not a new iBuyback. Sorry Carl Icahn !
Apple teased in its invite that "it's been way too long." I joked on Twitter that maybe this means the new iPads will be shorter. (Can't wait for when the latest iPhone has a bigger screen than the newest iPad!)
But a follower of mine going by the handle of @DrugstorCowboy (who strangely has a picture of Gort from "The Day the Earth Stood Still" instead of Matt Dillon) had a much cooler, retro idea.
"RE: Apple invite - my goofball theory is they're bringing back the Apple IIe!!! Okay, I'll stop now."
That would be awesome. Or maybe they'll bring back the Newton? And now I'll stop.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
Most Popular

Team Equity Is Not Equalityreddit
When I was improvising professionally in my early days as an actor, there was a funny situation that arose several times. Five or six guys would realize they cracked each other up and decide to do an improv show. The problem was that these guys would invariably look the same, have the same sense of humor, and be old friends from the same neighborhood. They had a lot of fun together. However, how long do you think the show was funny for the audience? Not long. These shows usually ran for one weekend and closed.
The missing ingredient was Team Equity. It's incredibly important to have diversity of talent onstage for an effective improv show. Let's explore how leaders can use improvisational behaviors to ensure their teams are strong, diverse and engaged.
To my gentlemen readers, I apologize if the example above feels extreme. But it happened so many times (and I never once saw an all-female group until I moved to Ohio years later) it became a joke. You see, in order to have a really good improv show, you need many different types of talent. You need someone who's great with one-liners, someone who can riff on current events, someone who can sing, a character-actor, a dancer, and definitely a piano player! Now that's the foundation for a really funny, interesting show that will bring audiences back.
"A team is a small number of people with complementary skills who are committed to a common purpose, performance goals, and approach for which they hold themselves mutually accountable." - Jon R. Katzenbach and Douglas K. Smith
Diversity of talent isn't the only piece of the pie. As we all know, the people in a troupe or team need to be invested -- that's where Equity comes in. Team Equity is about having all the right people in the right places, doing the right things. It's not about everybody having equal time, equal say in the matter or equal skills. Members of high-performing teams complement each other. And when that happens, discretionary effort and engagement begin.
How can leaders achieve that balance? Ask and listen. Understand your people. What are their skills? What do they love to do? What drives them and what matters to them?
Case Study
A large financial client used regional proximity to decide who went on client pitches. If a big client pitch for mortgages came up in the Mid-Atlantic, John was sent because he lived right there and it was good experience for him. Unfortunately, John hated pitching. He tried his best, but desperately needed support. Although it seemed "fair," the client got a terrible presentation from a novice and the company lost the pitch.
By honestly assessing talent and integrating Team Equity, our client began to change its culture for better outcomes. Specific strengths were identified and everyone, nationwide, understood who to turn to for expertise. That meant the right people supported the local teams for specific pitches. This approach allowed experts to train novices, clients to see that the company contained the skills needed, and teams to leverage their strengths. It all came about because a leader decided to start asking people, "What's your strength? What do you think is the best talent you bring to the team?"
Last thoughts
Leveraging strengths is not an excuse to avoid development. Everyone can improve their weaknesses and work outside their comfort zone. That's what growing and stretching is about -- and when they also get to use their strengths for the team -- everyone puts on a better show.
Karen Hough is the Founder and CEO of ImprovEdge , an Amazon #1 bestselling author and contributor to the Huffington Post. Her second, award-winning book, " Be the Best Bad Presenter Ever: Break the Rules, Make Mistakes and Win Them Over " is available from Berrett-Koehler. She is the recipient of the Stevie International Silver Award for Most Innovative Company of the Year and the Athena PowerLink Award for outstanding woman-owned business. She is a Yale graduate and international speaker.
Follow Karen Hough on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KarenHough
More:

Hazmat suit maker s stock up 50% on Ebola fearsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 9, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock market was tanking again Thursday . But one tiny company was escaping the carnage. And that's an understatement.
Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a maker of hazmat suits with sealed seaming, soared more than 50% due to growing Ebola fears.
The stock is up 160% so far this month. The trading volume has been, to put it mildly, insane. More than 47 million shares exchanged hands Thursday. The average daily volume for the stock over the past three months is just 616,000 shares.
So investors (or more likely traders) thinking about buying now need to be extremely careful.
Troubling fundamentals: Lakeland is not profitable. It lost $384,000 in the second quarter, mostly due to problems with a subsidiary in Brazil. The company's sales were down slightly in the second quarter as well.
No analysts at a major investment bank follow the company, which has a market value of less than $100 million.
Several mutual funds and hedge funds focusing on so-called microcap stocks are invested in Lakeland.
But these institutions -- the so-called smart money on Wall Street -- collectively own less than 30% of Lakeland's stock, according to FactSet Research. Compare that to some of the bigger companies in the market. Institutions own more than half the shares of blue chips like Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), GE ( GE ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM ).
Brian Rafn, director of research with Morgan Dempsey Capital Management, which owns about 355,000 shares of Lakeland, said his firm has been an investor in the stock for about eight years. It makes up about 1% of its portfolio. Rafn said the firm has not increased that percentage during the recent surge -- but it has not been selling any shares either.
Rafn conceded that the stock will be very volatile over the short term. But he likes it because it has a steady core business of supplying protective suits to oil workers and fire departments.
He said the recent spike on Ebola worries makes Lakeland a "Jack Bauer stock," a reference to the terrorist fighting hero on the Fox show "24."
Will Lakeland actually benefit from stronger demand? Still, it's not clear just how much Lakeland will really benefit from increased demand for protective gear. Lakeland said in a mid-September statement that it was increasing manufacturing capacity for its hazmat suits and added that the U.S. State Department put out a bid for 160,000 suits.
Some traders may have misinterpreted that to mean that Lakeland had received an order for 160,000 suits. But that's not what the news release says. And the Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based company has turned down numerous requests from CNN for comment.
A spokesperson for the State Department told CNN that it was aiming to supply 130,000 (not 160,000) sets of hazmat suits and other personal protective equipment (PPE) in the coming weeks. The State Department added that it was getting supplies from "multiple locations around the world, and there are many suppliers."
Lakeland also cited reports that claimed there was a short supply of hazmat suits. The company touted that it had "appropriately qualified and certified suits, ample manufacturing capacity, and numerous distribution points to supply these garments."
But there may no longer be a supply shortage of hazmat suits. A spokesperson for the World Health Organization told CNN earlier this week that it "has purchased additional PPE in the last months and is still doing so in addition to a close monitoring of the supply pipeline with main partners."
Lakeland also faces stiff competition from much larger companies that make protective gear, including DuPont ( DD ), Honeywell ( HON ) and Kimberly-Clark ( KMB ).
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
Investors have been making speculative bets on several smaller drugmakers, most notably Tekmira ( TKMR ) and Chimerix ( CMRX ), that are working on Ebola treatments. But Lakeland may be the riskiest Ebola investment of them all.
CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel contributed to this report.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported the second quarter loss for Lakeland Industries.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 2:32 PM ET
Most Popular

View: E-comm a revolutionary force |  E-retailers must respect integrity of brandsDigital commerce redefining the way consumers buy and traders sell
Oct 10, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Tags:
(Digital commerce surely…)
By Kunal Bahl
American businessman-motivational speaker Nido Qubein said, "Change brings opportunity." Today, e-commerce has become a topic of discussion in most Indian households. Consumers and businesses, small and large, all have a story about how e-commerce has touched their lives.
There are tectonic shifts that happen once in a few decades. Digital commerce surely is one of them, matched only by the telecom revolution 10 years ago that connected corners of our country like never before.
The retail landscape has changed globally and it is changing in India too. Over a decade ago, it was the large-format stores and malls that redefined the way people shopped in India. Today, it is the digital platforms that are again creating a natural evolution: how people shop and how businesses sell, thus bringing more efficiency in the economy.
Online markets have enabled small sellers, retailers, artisans and weavers to directly take their products to customers. For the first time, people living in the smallest towns of India have access to the same selection of products as their counterparts in the metros. This is the power of the digital commerce. Even large retailers are leveraging the power of digital commerce distribution , to expand into markets where setting up physical stores is not feasible.
A marketplace like Snapdeal has proved to be a significant socioeconomic and geographic equaliser for small businesses in India, who now look at digital commerce as a medium to expand their current market beyond their immediate catchment area. They can now reach a much larger customer base using a fraction of the capital they would require for a traditional offline store expansion. This, clubbed with the low cost of sales and distribution, contributes to higher profits and is creating life-changing experiences for them. This democratisation of markets is helping sellers reach customers globally and reducing the asymmetry of information and products for consumers.
In the past two years, a number of sellers from different parts of the country have grown their businesses 100-fold through our digital marketplace. They are also champions for the sector sharing their experience within their markets and inspiring others to try the medium. Of the total number of sellers on Snapdeal, 30% are women business-owners, and many are first-time entrepreneurs.
E-commerce is not just about merchants and consumers. It is also about enabling businesses that are experiencing tremendous growth. A case in point is the growth of logistics and courier companies, which are on track to employ lakhs of people who are delivering products to homes. In China, we have already witnessed the magic Alibaba has created in this regard, becoming the largest customer for the state-owned China Post, delivering billions of packages a year for them. It is only a matter of time when digital commerce companies contribute to a significant portion of India Post's shipping volumes as well, thus leveraging such significant infrastructure the government has created.
What we are witnessing in India with the growth of digital commerce is something amazing, and is the future, one that will make the tide rise for everyone, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
Writer is CEO of Snapdeal.com
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola sends hazmat suit maker s shares upEbola sends hazmat suit maker's shares soaring
By: Kevin McCoy October 9, 2014 5:12 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
An emergency team in hazmat suits shown cleaning a Dallas unit where the man who was the first confirmed case of Ebola in the U.S. had stayed. (Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
Biotech firms researching Ebola aren’t the only ones whose stocks are up amid the worsening outbreak of the deadly virus. Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a manufacturer of hazmat suits used by emergency response teams, is also soaring.
Shares of the Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based company posted their biggest one-day gain ever, surging 52.5% and closing up $6.10 at $17.72 in Thursday trading.
That’s a level last achieved in February 2006. Volume was also unusually high with more than 47.6 shares trading on the day.
Lakeland makes the ChemMax1  suit, which is being used by some emergency medical teams responding to the Ebola crisis.
“Since the Ebola virus is transmitted via contact with infected body fluids, protective garments should have seams that are sealed to prevent against liquid penetration. Lakeland’s ChemMax1 with sealed seams is well suited for this dangerous environment,” the company said in a Sept. 5 post on its website.
Humanitarian aid group PCI Global shipped 276 of the ChemMax1 suits to Liberia, one of the West African nations slammed by the epidemic, Lakeland also said on the website.
Demand for protective gear is expected to increase, as U.S. officials on Wednesday announced plans to screen air travelers arriving at five airports from West African nations where the latest outbreak first spread.
Shares of Alpha Pro Tech  ( APT ), another manufacturer of protective clothing, similarly closed up $1.05 or 27.7% Thursday at $4.84, nearing a 52-week high.
The company’s products feature a “complete head to toe protective apparel line,” including face masks and eye shields, according to Alpha’s website.

Foreign investments worth $100 bn knocking at India s doors: ModiForeign investments worth $100 bn knocking at India s doors: Modi
200 000-year-old human bones found in France200 000-year-old human bones found in France
Uddhav approached me for post-poll alliance but later backtracked: Raj ThackerayBJP
(Raj said that he got a call…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray dropped a bombshell on Thursday by claiming that his attempts to join hands with the Shiv Sena have come to nothing because of Uddhav's dithering.
Speaking to a private Marathi channel, the MNS chief claimed his last conversation with Uddav took place just hours after Sena's break-up with the BJP on September 25, when the Sena chief approached him to discuss a pre-poll alliance, but later showed no interest to take it forward.
Raj's revelations assume significance because political watchers are tracking closely whether the cousins will come closer. But the MNS chief made it amply clear that such an attempt has fallen through, at least for the time being.
Raj said that he got a call from Uddhav, and they discussed the three options before them: one was to join hands; the other was to avoid targeting each other; and the third was to strike a post-poll alliance.
"I asked him how to take this forward. He said two people from his side, including Sena MP Anil Desai, will deal with the matter with two of my deputies. We discussed this internally, and next morning, on September 26, MNS MLA Bala Nandgaonkar had a chat with Desai, but things just did not make any progress.
"We had almost reached a stage of dividing the seats on paper and holding back nomination forms in some constituencies. But Uddhav's reluctance to take this forward was obvious.
Desai stopped answering our calls. It was clear that Uddhav backtracked, so we went ahead and filed all our nominations," Raj explained.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Fed officials keep eye on mid-2015 rate riseUS Fed officials keep eye on mid-2015 rate rise
Early Diwali on D-Street! Sensex adds 390 ptsEarly Diwali on Dalal Street? Sensex rallies over 400 points
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Most analysts on the Dalal…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex galloped by as much as 442 points in trade on Thursday to snap its three-day fall, after the US Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet last night reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Most analysts on the Dalal Street see this more of a pull-back rally from key support levels and the bounce looks very much sustainable considering the fact that cyclicals are now leading the rally.
Apart from technical factors - some analysts even call this a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty index to a fresh record high of levels above 8300.
"The Indian markets zoomed above 400 points in trade, led by a smart rally seen in cyclical stocks. Being in the festive season, the current rally can also be seen as a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty to an all-time high level of 8315," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"The only dampener could come from the outcome of the Assembly election. Otherwise this rally will be led by banks, metal & cap goods," he added.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed 390.49 points higher at 26637.28 and the Nifty ended 117.85 points higher at 7690.55 on Thursday.
Overnight, the US stocks ended higher by over 1 per cent with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014. Tracking gains on the Wall Street , both the Asian and European stocks duly followed suit.
"I believe that the S&P 500 has bottomed out yesterday and that is leading to a bottoming out of all markets. Dollar index seems to have topped out for the moment and chances are that we have begun a new upswing," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com.
"An upswing is possible and we can make a new high because this low of about 7820 was higher than the previous low. So basically people should reassume long positions because clearly cyclicals are leading this rally," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever cyclicals lead the market, generally the moves on the indices are stronger. So it still remains a market that should be bought.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have been the backbone of over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, became net sellers in the past couple of weeks.
FIIs have sold net equities worth Rs 2172.90 crore in the last five trading sessions, while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) remained net buyers.
"After yesterday's horrible trading session, Thursday is a big relief. I would like to see that FII flows now continue to get positive," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"Yesterday we had a big negative number (FIIs sold equities worth Rs 1440.99 crore. So, as long as the liquidity flows continue to be negative, that would be the only break for this upside," he added.
Technically, the Nifty found support near 7800 where there was a falling trendline support. The level of 7840 was largely seen as a trend reversal level and if the index would have closed below this level today, then further downside was seen in the offing, say analysts.
"From the levels of 7800, the index has bounced sharply and has crossed a short-term falling trendline as well as the 40-Day Exponential Moving Average," said Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd.
"On the higher side, 8000-8030 will be the key resistance zone to watch out for. If the index manages to cross this hurdle on closing basis, then the index will have a significant upside potential for itself," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tesla and luxury carmakers strategy to hook new buyers: Lower pricesBy Drew Harwell October 9 Follow @drewharwell
A line of robots at Tesla Motors works on the aluminum shells of the all-electric Model S in 2013 in Fremont, Calif. (Photo by Winni Wintermeyer for Manager Magazine)
If you wanted to buy a car from Tesla Motors three years ago, your only option was its luxury Roadster, selling for a princely $109,000. Now, even as it’s become the darling of the automotive world, Tesla is looking at unveiling cars for less than a third of that price.
The American automaker wants to launch a certified pre-owned program that would cut the price for its $71,000 Model S sedan in half,  according to Automotive News . And for its next generation of all-electric car, the Model 3 launching in 2017, it wants to let drivers bring it off the lot starting at $35,000.
Tesla’s star boss Elon Musk is set to reveal on Thursday a change to the company’s lineup — computer-controlled steering? all-wheel drive? a truck?  — but this shift toward affordability could prove to be the most momentous change in the eyes of American drivers.
Tesla will join a growing pack of niche and luxury auto icons now squeezing their entry costs in hopes of winning over a new market of middle-class buyers. Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz have all slashed sticker prices and re-energized marketing in hopes of boosting sales and bumping away the competition, including Tesla.
But on their drive downward, they’re increasingly nudging into a surprising competition: mainstream automakers. Value brands like Ford and Honda are actually bumping prices up and adding more luxury features in hopes of capturing more driver dollars — and securing a new generation of loyal lifetime buyers.
“There’s going to be a new battleground where you’ve got luxury [car] makes moving downmarket a bit, and the low-end makes moving up,” said Steve Cannon, the chief executive of the U.S. division of German luxury giant Mercedes-Benz.
“We’re all going to be fighting over the coming years for our share of the Gen Y buyer. It’s going to be the primary buying demographic for the next 20 years. … If our access point is $60,000, we may not see these kids in 10 years. And by that point it may be too late.”
Mercedes-Benz’s new CLA-Class, starting at $29,900. Courtesy of the company.
German luxury brand BMW now sells its entry-level coupe, the 2 Series, for about $32,000. And Audi lists its A3 at $29,900, which has helped the German automaker sell nearly 15,000 of the make this year, more than it sold between the years of 2010 and 2013 combined.
Mercedes-Benz paid for a star-studded Super Bowl ad  this year to showcase its new $29,990 CLA-Class, a compact sedan some dubbed the “Baby Benz.”
More than 30,000 have sold in the last year, making it one of the best-selling cars in its lineup, the automaker said. And the firm’s “conquest rate,” an industry measure of new buyers, shows about 75 percent have been sold to drivers who had never bought a luxury brand.
But perhaps most interesting for Mercedes in the long term, executives said, is their new buyers’ age: More than half of the CLA-Class’ buyers are from either Generation X or Y, and the median age of buyers was 47, compared with 55 for the rest of its makes.
That’s important, because attracting buyers when they’re young is the first step to winning their business, and loyalty, for life.
“We are a luxury-biased country. We love little luxuries, big or small, and we’re going to break off whatever piece of luxury we can fit in our pocketbooks,” said Cannon, the Mercedes head. “So if I can stand toe-to-toe with a mass brand? I like our chances.”
Meanwhile, mainstream brands have been attempting to keep that loyalty. Formerly entry-level cars like the Honda Civic are evolving and gaining new premium makes (and being replaced, at the starter level, by even more compact cars, like the Honda Fit). And legacy brands are being upgraded with luxury features like lane-keeping assist warnings, rear-view cameras, radar cruise control, leather interiors, heated and cooled seats.
That has helped those value brands’ average transaction prices climb in recent years, a Kelley Blue Book analysis of data for The Washington Post show. A Ford Fusion that rolled off the lot for about $24,000 in 2011 now averages just under $26,000.
“The person who bought an Accord 20 years ago was in their late 20s, with a certain budget and a certain expectation of luxury. Now those Accord buyers are more wealthy and expect more luxury and even more refined vehicles, and Honda is happy to supply that,” Kelly Blue Book senior analyst Karl Brauer said.
“What have always been mainstream volume brands are essentially saying, ‘We’ll keep adding features and we don’t care what it does to price. Instead of losing them to a luxury nameplate, we’ll keep them, and they’ll pony up the extra money,’ ” Brauer said. “The luxury brands, they’re saying, ‘Fine. You’re coming into our territory, we’re coming into yours. If you’ve got midsize buyers ready to pay $30,000 or more for a Honda badge, we’re going to say what about a Mercedes or Audi badge for the same price?’ ”
Aston Martin’s new Vantage GT, starting at $99,900. Courtesy of the company.
Even the highest-end automakers have slashed their sticker prices with the aims of attracting new buyers. English luxury maker Aston Martin this year debuted an “ accessible race car ,” the V8 Vantage GT, its first car selling below $100,000 (and a third the price of its $300,000 Vanquish Volante).
Maserati, the Italian luxury dealer, last year debuted its Ghibli sedan now selling for $66,900, less than half what buyers would pay for the company’s sporty GranTurismo — a price that, as the company’s North America chief executive Peter Grady  told the Los Angeles Times , “will bring in customers who may not see themselves in a Maserati.”
The once-niche automaker, which wants to boost its global sales from 6,200 in 2012 to 50,000 next year, aired a cinematic Super Bowl ad  this year to tap a new audience and fight back at the competition. (Its ending slogan: “We have prepared. Now we strike.”)
Luxury makers hoping to hook mainstream buyers have faced criticism from their upscale clientele and market watchers, who worry the price cuts could cannibalize sales of their other makes or dilute their high-end brands. But Cannon, the Mercedes head, said the bigger “existential threat” is clinging to prestige while losing out on a torrent of buyers, like millennials, the largest generation in American history.
“It’s about getting on their radar screens, because if they don’t know it’s attainable at that price point, they’ll never walk in the door,” he said. “You’re risking irrelevance if you don’t make that move. … If you’re not refreshing your demographics with new buyers, there are plenty of older brands out there who will.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Venezuela told to pay Exxon an extra $1bnVenezuela ordered to pay ExxonMobil a further $1bn
By Andres Schipani in La Paz and Ed Crooks in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d790a6f2-5004-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

https://www.yahoo.com/te...Mail
Copy Link
Microsoft CEO Says Women Shouldn’t Ask for Raises, Will Instead Magically Receive Them via ‘Karma’ (UPDATE)
October 9, 2014
(Wochit)
Ladies, take note: A male leader of one of the most prominent tech companies in America would prefer that you hold your tongue about your paycheck.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said as much to an audience of women in the tech industry Thursday afternoon, ReadWrite reports . He made the remarks while being interviewed onstage at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. 
“For women who aren’t comfortable asking for a raise, what’s your advice for them?” Maria Klawe, a computer scientist who is a member of Microsoft’s board of directors, asked.
“It’s not really about asking for a raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will give you the right raise,” he told Klawe (who, presumably, was screaming inside). He went on to further imply that there was an incalculable je ne sais quoi about a woman who never asks for what she truly wants.
“That might be one of the initial ‘super powers’ that, quite frankly, women (who) don’t ask for a raise have,” he said. “It’s good karma. It will come back.”
Audience members were immediately jarred, taking to Twitter to express their frustration.
“Thank god @MariaKlawe was there to give good advice about raises @ghc,” one attendee, Andrea Barrica, tweeted , which the Grace Hopper Celebration account itself then retweeted.
The American Association of University Women recently reported in a comprehensive study that in 2013, full-time year-round female workers were paid 78 percent of what men were paid.
To top it off, Microsoft revealed its diversity numbers last week, showing that just 17.1 percent of its tech-related workforce is female. That’s only slightly better than the national average. According to the National Center for Women & Information Technology , women made up 26 percent of the computing workforce in 2013.
One wonders why.
UPDATE: Nadella clarified his opinions on Twitter , saying, “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias #GHC14 .” 
Check out the full video of Nadella’s conversation with Klawe, courtesy of the Anita Borg Institute.
UPDATE 8:24 p.m.: Nadella followed up his remarks on Twitter with a staff-wide email that was also posted on Microsoft’s press website . “I answered that question completely wrong,” he wrote. “Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work.” He added, “If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
Nadella concluded that he’d “certainly learned a valuable lesson.”

RIL to complete Rs20 000 crore investment in MP by March 2016RIL to complete Rs20 000 crore investment in MP by March 2016
US approves two technology transfer licenses to IndiaUS approves two technology transfer licenses to India
http://usat.ly/1o2kbNjFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
'Green Truck of the Year' pickup finalists named
"Ecological" and "truck" are two terms not commonly associated with each other, but that hasn't stopped the Green Car Journal from announcing its five finalists for its Green Truck of the Year award. The
Post to Facebook
'Green Truck of the Year' pickup finalists named "Ecological" and "truck" are two terms not commonly associated with each other, but that hasn't stopped the Green Car Journal from announcing its five finalists for its Green Truck of the Year award. The Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vU3BQv
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
'Green Truck of the Year' pickup finalists named
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 3:02 p.m. EDT October 13, 2014
FILE - In this Jan. 12, 2014 file photo, General Motors CEO Mary Barra introduces the 2015 GMC Canyon during the media previews for the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. Early demand is so high for the new Canyon and Chevrolet Colorado pickup trucks that General Motors is hiring more workers to build them even before theyíre shipped to dealers.  (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ178 
(Photo: Paul Sancya, AP)
Ford's aluminum-bodied 2015 F-150 pickup 
(Photo: Ford)
2014 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel. The HFE version was also nominated 
(Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)
The new 2015 Chevrolet Colorado is introduced at the Los Angeles Auto Show 
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Mark Zuckerberg moves to bridge social media divide in IndiaMark Zuckerberg moves to bridge social media divide in India
Bharat Heavy ElectricalsCheck Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
IDFC Securities bullish on roads, ports sector
Nov 20, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Shirish Rane, head of research, IDFC Securities green shoots are already visible in the roads and ports sector. The volumes in both the container segment and bulk have grown substantially, which in turn is driving the volume growth for ports.
Intraday traders take positions only on long side: Sukhani
Nov 19, 2014 at 09:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The market is moving up with much fewer points but is still moving up and so, we are still on the long side of the market, any intraday trades that we take would be to buy the Nifty, says Sukhani
Nov 18, 2014 at 11:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking recommends shorting Axis Bank and BHEL.
Positive on mkt; continue to hold long positions: Bhamre
Nov 18, 2014 at 09:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Buy BHEL above Rs 255: Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money is of the view that one can buy Bharat Heavy Electricals only above Rs 255.
BHEL commissions 363.3 MW Gas Turbine-based Combined Cycle Power Project in Tripura
Nov 17, 2014 at 11:41 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharat Heavy Electricals has successfully commissioned the second module of 363.3 MW Gas Turbine-based Combined Cycle Power plant of ONGC Thermal Power Corporation in Tripura.
Here are some stock picks from Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 09:07 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
See BHEL EPS downgrade post Q2 nos: Prabhudas Lilladher
Nov 14, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Sheth, analyst, Prabhudas Lilladher believes the company is more likely to focus on its order pipeline than on its margins.
BHEL quarterly net profit slumps 73% to Rs 125 cr
Nov 14, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: PTI
Net sales of the power equipment maker fell to Rs 6,027.58 crore in the second quarter of current fiscal. In the year-ago period, the same stood at Rs 8,819 crore, accordingto a regulatory filing.
Check Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
IDFC Securities bullish on roads, ports sector
Nov 20, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Shirish Rane, head of research, IDFC Securities green shoots are already visible in the roads and ports sector. The volumes in both the container segment and bulk have grown substantially, which in turn is driving the volume growth for ports.
Positive on mkt; continue to hold long positions: Bhamre
Nov 18, 2014 at 09:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Intraday traders take positions only on long side: Sukhani
Nov 19, 2014 at 09:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The market is moving up with much fewer points but is still moving up and so, we are still on the long side of the market, any intraday trades that we take would be to buy the Nifty, says Sukhani
Nov 18, 2014 at 11:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking recommends shorting Axis Bank and BHEL.
Buy BHEL above Rs 255: Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money is of the view that one can buy Bharat Heavy Electricals only above Rs 255.
Here are some stock picks from Hemant Thukral
Nov 17, 2014 at 09:07 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
BHEL quarterly net profit slumps 73% to Rs 125 cr
Nov 14, 2014 at 12:52 | Source: PTI
Net sales of the power equipment maker fell to Rs 6,027.58 crore in the second quarter of current fiscal. In the year-ago period, the same stood at Rs 8,819 crore, accordingto a regulatory filing.
See BHEL EPS downgrade post Q2 nos: Prabhudas Lilladher
Nov 14, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Sheth, analyst, Prabhudas Lilladher believes the company is more likely to focus on its order pipeline than on its margins.
BHEL commissions 363.3 MW Gas Turbine-based Combined Cycle Power Project in Tripura
Nov 17, 2014 at 11:41 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharat Heavy Electricals has successfully commissioned the second module of 363.3 MW Gas Turbine-based Combined Cycle Power plant of ONGC Thermal Power Corporation in Tripura.
Videos »

Pakistan targets Indian posts again  five injuredFive injured in Pakistani overnight shelling in Jammu and Kashmir
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
Print
Jammu, Oct 9 (IANS) At least five people were injured in overnight shelling by Pakistan Rangers on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir, police said Thursday.
A senior police officer told IANS in winter capital Jammu that Pakistan Rangers continued mortar shelling and automatic weapons firing in Akhnoor, Ramgarh, Arnia and Kanachak sectors along the international border during the night.
"Five civilians have been injured in Pakistani shelling during the night. Two people were injured in Ramgarh sector of Samba district while three injured in Kanachak area of Akhnoor sector of Jammu district," the police officer said.
All the injured have been shifted to government medical college (GMC) hospital in Jammu city.
"A mortar shell fired by Pakistan Rangers exploded in Arnia town during the night, but no casualty occurred because residents of the town have already moved to safer locations."
Intermittent firing exchanges between the BSF and Pakistan Rangers are still going on at some places on the border.
With these injuries, the total number of injured in Pakistani shelling has gone up to 60.
Seven civilians have been killed so far in the targeted firing from the Pakistani side in civilian areas close to the border since Oct 6.
Over 20,000 people from the border villages have abandoned their homes to avoid being targeted by Pakistani shelling of civilian habitations in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
Meanwhile, Jitendra Singh, minister of state (PMO), who visited the affected areas Wednesday in Jammu and Samba districts told reporters the BSF has been adequately responding to Pakistan's ceasefire violations on the international border.
Pak gets a taste of Indian medicine
Islamabad may not be awed but it certainly is shocked by the ferocity and volume of the Indian response to ceasefire violations along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Given complete freedom to act by the government, the Indian Army and Border Security Force are firing back at will from every spot the Pakistanis have targeted. The volume and intensity of India's return fire is much higher than the usual calibrated response the Pakistanis have come to expect.
Top government sources told Mail Today that Indian forces are systematically targeting infrastructure and force deployment nodes on the other side.
The damage on the other side is so high that Pakistan is, according to an internal report sent to South Block by the Indian mission in Islamabad, "ducking for cover" (see accompanying report).
A media blackout of sorts is in place in Pakistan's affected areas so as to keep a lid on the extent of damage suffered; Pakistan's military establishment is on the verge of losing face, and it doesn't like the evolving situation one bit.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the picture of confidence on Thursday evening during a function at Air Chief Arup Raha's residence.
"Everything will be all right soon," he said.
The government is understood to have also told Indian forces not to seek any flag meeting with the other side, thus sending the signal that it is in no mood to ease situation on the border with Pakistan until the ceasefire violations come to a complete halt.
Top government sources said that firing on the International Border was a result of Islamabad's frustration over New Delhi blocking all of its attempts to internationalise the Kashmir issue.
Channels shut
India's massive retaliation to the ceasefire violations has resulted in at least 35 deaths across the border, as per an assessment based on open sources.
The government is not prepared to hold any discussion with Pakistan until the firing stops as it wants to underline the point that Islamabad cannot dictate the terms of dialogue.
The border move is no flash in the pan; it comes after a series of deft diplomatic moves. A top government functionary said a series of steps were taken in recent weeks to block every attempt by Pakistan to internationalise the Kashmir issue. To begin with, the UN Military Observer Group (UNMOGIP) was made irrelevant.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the UN General Assembly in New York ensured that Kashmir was not allowed to dominate the agenda.
Coupled with some diplomatic engagements with Japan and China, the moves ensured that the Kashmir issue became irrelevant.
Calling off the foreign secretary level dialogue with Pakistan because of its continued parleys with Hurriyat leaders also played a part in frustrating Pakistan.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is busy touring Haryana and Maharashtra where Assembly elections are due, has remained in close touch with the service chiefs to get the updates on the situation on the border.
Sources said New Delhi is prepared for a long haul and will not stop at massive retaliation until its objective of keeping the sanctity of ceasefire was met.
The reason
Firing along the Line of Control would not have attracted international attention, sources ascribed as the reason for why the International Border was chosen for a series of ceasefire violations.
But it hasn't worked, and there is no pressure on India to scale down firing, said sources.
India does not want to give any space to Pakistan that can dilute or weaken New Delhi's basic condition of ' no dialogue in the shadow of gun'.
By resorting to tactics like ceasefire violations, Islamabad is only making matters worse, sources said.
Another reason for Pakistan's latest border tantrum is the government's concern that the BJP may do well in the forthcoming Assembly elections in the state and thus have a major say in a possible coalition government.
Sources said there has not been major ceasefire violation along the Line of Control since Wednesday, but the International Border, particularly in the Jammu region, continues to be rocked by firing.
Secretary (Border Management) Snehlata Kumar has briefed Home Secretary Anil Goswami who also met National Security Advisor Ajit Doval.
BSF chief D. K. Pathak is on the ground assessing the situation and personally supervising operations.
"Pakistani troops are targeting the civilian areas because they think that they are not being able to cause any big damage to the BSF posts," he said adding at present there are no talks about flag meeting.
IAF chief Arup Raha also said that firing on the border was "serious" and government wanted quick resolution of the problem.
The latest episode marks a considerable toughening of India's stand on border standoffs.
Similar resistance was shown during the stand- off in eastern Ladakh's Chumar area last month.
After India refused to budge, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) vacated its positions in the disputed territory and agreed to the pre-1 September situation. (With additional inputs from Mail Today)
Recommend

Bad coaches want players to be robots: Pietersen0
Bad coaches and boards want players to be robots: Pietersen. (Getty Images)
LONDON - Maverick, innovator, game-changer, big-hitter, showman - accolades that Kevin Pietersen has lapped up ever since he decided to up sticks from his native South Africa and try his luck in England.
But when the axe fell on his decade-long England career following last winter's 5-0 Ashes humiliation, everyone involved in the gentleman's game knew that the one thing Pietersen was not capable of was staying tight-lipped.
A gagging order imposed by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) might have kept waters calm for eight months but this week a tsunami of tales have been unleashed ahead of the launch of Pietersen's biography - KP - with the explosive revelations matching his blistering batting style.
Tales of betrayal, back-stabbing, playground bullies, coaching tyrants and unfair dismissals span 317 gripping pages in the book and in the process have ripped the heart out of English cricket.
Pietersen accused former coach Andy Flower "of ruling by fear", while team mates Matt Prior, Graeme Swann and Stuart Broad were accused of bullying other members of the team.
But despite the abrupt ending to his career, with Pietersen claiming he was made a scapegoat for voicing concerns about the workings of the team, the 34-year-old has no regrets about his decision to represent England rather than the land of his birth.
Sporting a rainbow-coloured loom band made by "my boy" -- his four-year-old son Dylan -- on his right wrist and a black diamond pendant he bought in India around his neck, Pietersen sat down for a chat with Reuters to discuss why he is such a polarising figure.
And why the ECB "can’t have the maverick ... who does extraordinary things on the field and then have a choir boy off it".
REUTERS: Do you feel betrayed by England?
PIETERSEN: “No, no, no, I had an unbelievably amazing career. I don’t feel betrayed at all. It’s the only route I have known, here in England. An opportunity to come to England, to play professional cricket, I didn’t believe or realise that I’d end up with a career that I’ve had. I’ve lived the dream for years and years and years.
“It’s a question about betrayal because of some little patches where I’ve been unhappy and a few things that have gone wrong.
“But the majority of the time it’s been amazing. Absolutely amazing.
“I’ve played cricket all around the world. I’ve played at Lord’s, Surrey’s my home ground, I’ve played at all the South African grounds, the Indian grounds, the West Indian grounds, Sri Lankan grounds, the New Zealand grounds, the Australian grounds. You name it, I’ve been there.
“I’ve ticked all the boxes and I’ve won so many trophies with England. Why on earth would I sit here and say I have been betrayed? No chance.”
REUTERS: You are the highest run-scorer for England, you are known as an innovator in cricket with the switch hit and the public still rate you highly - was it simply a clash of personalities or jealousy or misunderstandings that caused things to go so wrong with your some of your England team mates?
PIETERSEN: “We’ll leave the team mates out of this for now and we’ll just talk about the coach (Flower). The coaching issue was a big issue. The coach didn’t like me. Coach wanted me out. At any opportunity that he got he would collect his notes and he’d eventually get me one day. It’s incredibly unfortunate that it ended the way it ended. But I had an amazing journey."
REUTERS: But you’ve said in the book the team mates played a part in it.
PIETERSEN: “The team mates played a part in it because they were allowed to play a part in it. But a decent man manager, a decent coach would have sorted the situation out and none of this would ever have happened. If a great coach was in charge of England, none of this would have happened."
REUTERS: What is your reaction to the leaked ECB document? Some of the accusations made against you are that:
*You disobeyed "express instructions" to not to stay out late before the Adelaide test.
*You were "looking to do anything to go home" if England lost the third test in Perth
*And that you made a number of disparaging comments that undermined team morale
PIETERSEN: “It’s embarrassing that a board can actually send stuff like that, leak it and then say no, no, no, no, no, no, no – it’s been copied and pasted and this and that…. On social media you can see how it went down with the public, I’ve got no interest in commenting on it. It’s just one of them situations when you let the public decide for themselves.”
REUTERS: There have been numerous South-African born players who have represented England, why do you feel you polarise opinion so much?
PIETERSEN: (Loud sigh, takes a deep breath and stares at ceiling for a few seconds thinking about his answer) “I don’t know, I haven’t got a clue. It’s maybe the way that I played. Maybe the way I played the game. Maybe the weight of expectation that I carried every single time that I batted. So on days I was going to let people down and people were going to be so frustrated with me. On other days I was going to make people so happy with stuff that I did.
"(In a) world of social media, people’s voices can be heard straight away (he said snapping his fingers). The world has changed. Who knows? You have to look at Beefy (Ian Botham) – what Beefy got up to. Imagine if social media had been around with Beefy.
"Everybody’s got an opinion and not everybody is going to be liked. But you have to live with that. You have to understand that. And when you understand that, then you’re cool. I love Twitter."
ONGOING TURMOIL
REUTERS: Bearing in mind the turmoil you've gone through with the ECB, in hindsight do you regret deciding to represent England and not South Africa?
PIETERSEN: “Never, no chance, absolutely none. I’ve loved the journey. It’s been the most amazing experience."
REUTERS: What about the fact that if you had represented South Africa, you might have still been playing internationally?
PIETERSEN: "If I played in South Africa, I might not have played international cricket. Who knows? No one knows what would have happened. I know what has happened over the last 15 years. Has it been amazing? The best.
“If I didn’t like this place, I’d leave. I am never leaving here. My wife’s English, my little boy is English. We’re incredibly happy here in England. It’s just a no-go area.”
REUTERS: Do you feel in this day and age, officials want athletes to be robots? Because as soon as a player has an opinion, all hell breaks loose.
PIETERSEN: “With some coaches yeah. Bad coaches. Bad boards, for sure yeah. They want the characters, they want the personalities on the field, they want the headlines, they want the guys to perform and they will very happily accept all the big endorsements and the companies that will sponsor them.
"But goodness, anybody who dares say anything, other than strict regime line, you get in trouble. Unfortunately, you can’t have the two. You can’t have the maverick or the great player who does extraordinary things on the field and then have a choir boy off it. It just doesn’t work."
REUTERS: I know you like golf so I presume you followed the Ryder Cup?  What did you think of Phil Mickelson publicly criticising the tactics employed by U.S. captain Tom Watson?
PIETERSEN: “He’s allowed his own opinion. Let him say what he wants. I don’t really know the golfing world in terms of etiquette… but Phil Mickelson’s around 45, he’s his own man, it’s an individual sport, he’s allowed his own opinion, fair play to the geezer."
ROUNDLY CRITICISED
REUTERS: He was roundly criticised for lambasting Watson in public rather than behind closed doors. Do you think he crossed a line?
PIETERSEN: “I don’t know all golf etiquette and rules. I know not to stand in somebody’s line when they are putting! You’ve got to keep quiet when a guy is on his back swing, unless he’s a mate and you are trying to beat him! But that’s as far as my golf etiquette goes so I’ll reserve right to comment on that.”
REUTERS: He is considered as a golfing rebel, are you the Mickelson of the cricket world?
PIETERSEN: “I wish I was as good as him. He’s an absolute star.”
REUTERS: Do you feel you might have been better off pursuing a career in an individual sport like tennis or golf - as then your opinions would not have had such career-ending consequences?
PIETERSEN: "No. I’ve had the most amazing experiences. I’ve won an Ashes in England. I’ve won an Ashes in Australia. I won another Ashes in England. I won a World Cup with the team in the Caribbean. I got to number one in the world with the team. Nah (shaking his head). Absolutely not.
“But you know what, I might be in the Ryder Cup in 2016 if my golf keeps improving the way it is (laughing). But that’s a team sport – no, no, no, no! PGA (championship), possibly. I’m getting good. My tennis is not so good. So we won’t do Wimbledon. Augusta, Pebble Beach – all them beautiful courses.”
REUTERS: You are known for usually speaking your mind, why did you agree to an eight-month gagging order with the ECB?
PIETERSEN: “Confidentially agreement. I didn’t mind. No problem. It was actually good for me. It made me think, gather my thoughts, go through everything systematically. Not just go and say something right there and then. I’ve been calm, I’ve written a book. It’s come out. I stand by everything in my book. Think it’s been a brilliant process."
REUTERS: In that case did that agreement turn out to your advantage?
PIETERSEN: “It’s been a very, very positive few days and it’s been a pretty positive nine months."
REUTERS: Since the ECB has not given you a satisfactory answer about why you were sacked, did you consider going down the path of suing for constructive dismissal?
PIETERSEN: “They were clever in their reasons and clever in their reasoning.”
REUTERS: How?
PIETERSEN: “They just said it was cricketing reasons and there is nothing you can go on on cricketing reasons."
REUTERS: Did suing cross your mind at all with all the anger you had about being forced out of a job?
PIETERSEN: “People say sue him, sue him, sue him, why don’t you sue him? It’s very easy to tweet, or to text or to say ‘sue somebody’. Do you know how hard it is to sue somebody? Do you know how hard it is to get something across the line? Do you know how much money it costs? A court case like this could cost half a million, a million pounds in legal fees. You are not guaranteed to win anything."
WRONGFULLY DISMISSED
REUTERS: But people do go down that road when they feel they have been wrongfully dismissed?
PIETERSEN: "Of course they do. But I didn’t go down that route because if you think this book week is pretty big, a court case would last a lot longer and it would be like this every single day. I would have definitely pursued something if I knew there was something going on for sure. I’m not frightened of it at all but I didn’t pursue it."
REUTERS: So you didn’t pursue it because you didn’t think you would win a case like that?
PIETERSEN: "It’s not about winning. It’s got nothing to do with winning a case. It’s just a wait and see scenario."
REUTERS: With the benefit of hindsight, would you have done anything differently?
PIETERSEN: “There are a load of things I would have done differently. Getting involved in the texting stuff (with opponents South Africa during the 2012 series), ruining Straussy’s 100th test match (with the fallout from leaked texts between Pietersen and South African rival players about then England captain Andrew Strauss). But I’m me. I don’t want to be somebody else. If you try and be somebody else, you are going to come short and you’re not going to enjoy yourself and you’re not going to be happy.”
REUTERS: Do you want to go into coaching when you finish playing?
PIETERSEN: "My international cricket school opens in Dubai next month. My foundation kicks off in November. I’m going to be hands on in Dubai for a number of days a year and it’s my most exciting project I’ve got going on at the moment. I love the coaching side of it."
REUTERS: What do you feel are the dos and don'ts of being a successful coach?
PIETERSEN: “Letting individuals be individuals. You can’t try and clone everybody in the same way. Clearly it’s a team sport but unfortunately team sports are made up of individuals.
"It doesn’t matter whether you play football, rugby or cricket, however you perform, it is monitored. You are an individual out there. You can’t get away from the fact that whether you had a good game or whether you had a bad game. So you’ve got to try and get the best out of every individual. Not everybody is the same so you’ve got to treat people differently but lay boundaries. Then do the business."
REUTERS: What’s the best shot you’ve ever played and the best knock you’ve ever had?
PIETERSEN: The best shot I played was the second reverse switch-hit I hit off Scott Styris in Durham (for a six in a one-dayer in 2008). The first one was just change your body around, change your hand around, hit and the timing was perfect. The second one few balls later, I changed my body around, I changed my hand around but he held the ball up in the air and it was a bit slower and I was like oh no, no, no. So I had wait a little bit and then hit the ball, which took a heck of an amount of discipline to wait for it and skill to execute it. That’s the hardest shot I’ve played and very lucky to execute.
“Innings, Sri Lanka, 2012, in Colombo, 45 degrees. I cannot handle the heat at all, I am horrendous in the heat, never thought I’d be able to do that (score 151 in the second test). Just from a mental perspective and fitness perspective.”
REUTERS: How realistic are your hopes of playing for England again after a fallout like this?
PIETERSEN: "I live in hope. I came to England 15 years ago as a little off-spinning kid who batted a little bit and I ended up achieving some pretty good stuff. So who knows what’s possible, the world moves at an incredible paces these days, the world flies."
REUTERS: Knowing what you do about the England set up, how would you feel if your son wanted to follow in your footsteps?
PIETERSEN: "He can do whatever he wants to do. I will not put any dampener on anything he wants to do. I want him to be the best person he can possibly be at whatever he chooses to be."
REUTERS: Ten years from now, what do you think your sporting legacy will be?
PIETERSEN: “I know a lot of stuff have gone on this week but when you look on social media, people say they ‘we miss you batting’ and ‘we want you back batting’. I don’t think I will be remembered for this (the controversy caused by the allegations made against Flower and his team mates). I think I will be remembered for my cricket and that makes me happy."
KP - The Autobiography is published by Sphere on Thursday.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Mark Zuckerberg: Make Internet connectivity a fundamental right in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Five reasons why today s gains look sustainableYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Pak security council meets on Friday after tension  rhetoric over ceasefire violations with IndiaOct 09, 2014 at  09:03pm IST
Pak security council meets on Friday after tension, rhetoric over ceasefire violations with India
38
0
New Delhi: Eight dead, over 50 injured, thousands displaced - are Indians on the border paying a price for the country's Asiad Hockey win? The Border Security Force (BSF) in its report to Home Ministry on Thursday said that the latest round of firing on the border began hours after India won the hockey match against Pakistan.
Pakistan initially assured India it was just stray bullets. However, a week later, the firing and tension only escalated. With every round fired, the political heat is also rising.
"Our soldiers have replied to Pakistan's aggression with courage. We should not politicise the issue," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in response to the Opposition's criticism of alleged government inaction on the issue.
#pakistan #nawaz sharif #ceasefire violation #narendra modi
Across the border, Opposition leaders are targeting the Pakistan government.
The chief of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI), Imran Khan, accused Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of failing to protect Pakistani interests while PPP leader Bilawal Bhutto tweeted targeting Modi.
"Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat," he wrote.
The Defence and the Home Minister of India, in turn, warned Pakistan of dire consequences if the firing didn't stop.
"If Pakistan persists with adventurism, India will make it unaffordable for them," Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said.
India has said that the firing is a fallout of Pakistan's failure to internationalise the Kashmir issue at the United Nations General Assmebly meet in New York in September.
Sources in Pakistan say that the Sharif government is under tremendous pressure to find a solution soon due to the aggressive retaliation by India. He has called for a meeting of the National Security Council on Friday to discuss the border situation.
The Indian government could have walked into a trap by repeatedly asserting that no talks or flag meeting can happen till Pakistan stops firing. The rhetoric on the other side is no less. But as civilians continue to suffer on both sides, the question is whether Pakistan's security meet on Friday provide a window to both sides to de-escalate the raging tension.
157

India likely to have 600 million broadband users by 2020: EricssonPTI Ericsson India Head of Region Chris Houghton (left) and Ericsson Head of Strategy for Business Unit Radio Christian Hedelin at the launch of Radio Dot System in New Delhi on Thursday.
TOPICS
telecommunication service
Launches two new products to optimise indoor coverage
The mobile broadband subscriber base in India could grow to 600 million by 2020 from around 100 million now with 20 per cent of them using 4G, according to a white paper released here by Ericsson, a global leader in communication technology and services, on the occasion of its flagship technology event ‘Ericsson Connect’, organised to share its vision on Network Society.
The report says the share of data in the overall revenue of telecom operators will rise from 10-12 per cent in 2013 to 35-40 per cent in 2020, forcing operators to make substantial investment to improve infrastructure.
In the white paper ‘India 2020: bringing the networked society to life’, Ericsson said to fulfil the Indian government’s vision for a broadband-inspired growth, operators will need access to more spectrum from the government, and will need to build new network capabilities and new revenue models.
“Heterogeneous networks with a mix of macro cell sites, small cells and Wi-Fi hotspots will be fundamental to manage coverage, capacity and quality of performance for users. Smartphone prices are expected to fall by 40-50 per cent over the next three years. As a result, the number of subscribers able to afford smartphones and services is expected to reach over 700 million by 2020, up from 110 million in 2013,” the report says.
“Mobile broadband will be the platform on which the ‘Digital India’ vision can be delivered. For this, we will need the release of additional spectrum in the relevant bands. This will contribute to affordability of services, and harmonization of spectrum will allow a lower-cost device ecosystem to evolve. Operators in India have far less spectrum than their peers globally with high mobile broadband penetration. Spectrum will play a key role in driving mobile broadband growth in India in the long run, and will be an increasingly important driver of capacity, user experience, and quality,” Ericsson India Vice-President and Head of Strategy & Marketing Ajay Gupta said.Meanwhile, Ericsson, on Thursday, announced that its first LTE network roll out in India would be with Airtel, commencing next year.
On the occasion, Ericsson announced the Indian launch of two new products to optimise indoor coverage — the Radio Dot System and the RBS6402 picocell — thereby, completing its Small Cell Portfolio for the Indian market.
(This correspondent was in New Delhi at the invitation of the company)

EC clears Vadra land deal Congress demands apology from ModiOct 09, 2014 at 11:59pm IST
EC clears Vadra land deal Congress demands apology from Modi
15
0
New Delhi: A war of words erupted today after the EC order that there was no poll code violation by Haryana Government in clearing the land deal involving Robert Vadra with Congress demanding an apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP slamming its government in the state.
The BJP sought to keep the Vadra land issue alive ahead of Haryana Assembly elections on October 15 as it charged the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government with not presenting full facts of the case before Election Commission, a day after the poll panel rejected its complaint against the state government on the land deal.
Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma alleged that Modi was "embarrassing" the position of the Prime Minister by repeatedly making "false allegations" and he should stop doing it.
Congress alleged that Modi was "embarrassing" the position of the PM by repeatedly making "false allegations".
#robert vadra #land deal #congress #bjp
"BJP has egg on its face after the EC's order. Narendra Modi, being the Prime Minister of the country, gave a very irresponsible statement and made allegations against Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda," Sharma told reporters.
Maintaining that it "belittles" the high post if somebody in the seat of Prime Minister keeps making false allegations, the Congress spokesperson said, "Modi should apologise to Haryana Chief Minister."
Alleging that Modi continues with his "shoot and scoot policy" as he was doing as an Opposition leader, Sharma said, "it does not behove a Prime Minister to be caught repeatedly making false statements...It is a matter of concern if the Prime Minister of India has this mentality".
Prime Minister Modi had on Monday asked EC to take a serious note of Hooda government clearing the land deal between Vadra and DLF, alleging it was done hastily as ruling Congress faced "certain defeat" in the Assembly polls.
The BJP charged the Haryana government with "speaking in two voices" in the case and hiding full facts in their haste to grant all approvals to Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law before the announcement of results on October 19.
"I am constrained to observe that in view of the highly suspicious circumstances a very legitimate conclusion can be drawn that all the facts perhaps they have not disclosed to the Election Commission after BJP made a complaint," BJP leader and Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters.
"Haryana government knew that they are losing out and that is why they tried to validate this land deal. But truth has a very uncanny habit fo appearing and reappearing, at times with conclusive evidence," he said while reading out letters of Haryana Financial Commissioner to EC and that of Gurgaon Deputy Commissioner on July 16, and charged Haryana government of "speaking in two voices" on ownership of Vadra's land.
BJP had petitioned the EC alleging that there was violation of the Model Code of Conduct by Haryana government in clearing the Vadra land deal.
Election Commission yesterday ruled that there appears to be no violation of the poll code by Haryana government.
6

Amit Shah responds to Congress  says will give account of our work at next electionsOct 09, 2014 at 11:48pm IST
Amit Shah responds to Congress, says will give account of our work at next elections
2
0
Rajura: Responding to Congress' demand to give account of the work done by the Narendra Modi government so far, the BJP on Thursday will do so in the next elections.
"Soniaji, people have given us power for 60 months. When we go to the people in the next elections, we will come prepared with account of our months in office," BJP president Amit Shah today said at a poll rally in Yavatmal district of Maharashtra.
"We want to fight against corruption, but they (Congress and others) want to fight against Narendra Modi," Shah said.
Responding to Congress' demand to give account of the work done by the Narendra Modi government so far, the BJP on Thursday will do so in the next elections.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #amit shah #narendra modi #bjp
Criticising the 15-year-old regime of Congress and NCP in poll-bound Maharashtra, the BJP chief said, "Both these parties have lowered the prestige of Maharashtra."
Shah also took on NCP chief Sharad Pawar and the Congress president for questioning the Modi government's response to ceasefire violation by Pakistan.
"We are told that there is no difference in the situation on the border now and when Congress government was in power. Soniaji, you are wearing 'videshi' (foreign) spectacles. I will tell you what the difference is," Shah said.
"Earlier, Pakistan used to start and finish the firing. However, now, Pakistan starts firing but it is the Indian Army which finishes it," Shah said.
0

J&K: PDP bats for timely polls  NC asks EC to delay4
0
Srinagar: Ruling National Conference on Thursday called for delaying the assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir saying time was not conducive in view of the devastation caused by the floods in the state but Opposition Peoples Democratic Party was for holding the polls as per schedule.
"Time is not ripe for holding elections as the atmosphere is not congenial due to devastation caused by floods and the trauma and shock people are in," a three-member NC delegation led by party General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar told deputy Election Commissioner Vinod Zutshi.
Delegation told Zutshi that while National Conference has always upheld the democratic process in Jammu and Kashmir, it strongly feels that instead of elections, the priority should be relief, rehabilitation and welfare of the people.
While seeking elections as per schedule, PDP called for shortening the process by holding the polls in lesser phases than earlier.
#national conference #peoples democratic party #jammu and kashmir polls #kashmir floods
The delegation apprised the deputy Election Commissioner about the widespread destruction to all sectors in almost all constituencies in the Valley and few constituencies in Jammu region.
"National Conference wants a democratically elected government but in view of the situation, focus has to be on relief and rehabilitation of the flood-hit areas," the party delegation said.
While seeking elections as per schedule, PDP called for shortening the process by holding the polls in lesser phases than earlier.
"We impressed upon the Deputy Election Commissioner of India that Jammu and Kashmir being a sensitive state, the elections should be held as per schedule," Naeem Akhtar, chief spokesman of PDP, told PTI after the meeting.
Akhtar said elections in the state are keenly watched and delaying the polls could send a wrong signal.
"There are concerns that holding elections can affect the relief and rehabilitation process of the flood victims in the state. We suggested that a team of Central and State government officers can be appointed to look after this aspect during the model code of conduct," he said.
Akhtar said he and party leader Dilawar Mir also pitched for shortening the election process in the state by conducting it in lesser phases than done in earlier elections in the state.
"To begin with, the elections could be held in areas which will be snowbound very soon," he added.
The PDP spokesman said holding elections in time had become imperative "in view of the colossal failure of the state government in preventing the floods and providing succour to the victims in its aftermath.
Earlier, Zutshi, who is on a three-day visit to the state, held meetings with Chief Secretary Mohammad Iqbal Khandey and Director General of Police K Rajendra Kumar to assess the situation in the state. He also interacted with the deputy Commissioners of various districts through video conferencing.
0

EC teams seize Rs 11 crore cash in Maharashtra  Rs 48 lakh in HaryanaOct 10, 2014 at 12:15am IST
EC teams seize Rs 11 crore cash in Maharashtra, Rs 48 lakh in Haryana
10
0
New Delhi: Election Commission-appointed flying squads have seized over Rs 11 crore cash and illicit liquor worth more than Rs 70 lakh being transported to poll-bound Maharashtra apparently to lure voters.
According to latest data, Rs 11,36,48,885 cash has been seized by EC-appointed surveillance teams in the state while over 2 lakh litres of liquor bottles and pouches valued at Rs 70.11 lakh have been seized.
In the other poll-bound state of Haryana, EC-appointed static and mobile teams seized Rs 48,60,500 cash and recovered 972 bottles of liquor.
Election Commission-appointed flying squads have seized over Rs 11 crore cash and illicit liquor worth more than Rs 70 lakh being transported to poll-bound Maharashtra apparently to lure voters.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #election commission
In its effort to curb the use of black money and illegal funds in the elections, the EC has deployed officers drawn from central revenue services like the Income Tax and Customs and Excise departments and those from the state government in all the Assembly seats in these two states where polling will be held on October 15.
1

Man held for sitting in police officer s chair  donning capOct 10, 2014 at 12:11am IST
Man held for sitting in police officer's chair, donning cap
12
0
Dehradun: A man engaged in mining activity was arrested after he got himself photographed at a police post in Dehradun sitting in the chair of a sub-inspector and wearing his cap in the presence of a constable on duty.
Amir Khan was arrested on charges of committing a criminal offence by wearing the police uniform and occupying the chair of an SI while the constable who helped him do this has been transferred and an inquiry ordered against him, ADGP (Law and Order) Ram Singh Meena said.
Khan's friend Shehzad, who clicked the photograph, too has been arrested, Meena said.
Man's friend Shehzad, who clicked the photograph, too has been arrested, Meena said.
#police #arrest #photograph
The incident took place at Lal Tappar police post under Doiwala police station recently, he said.
The photograph of a plainclothesman sitting in the official chair of an SI inside a police post wearing his cap and a man in uniform standing close to him with a smile on his lips took the city by surprise as it went viral on social networking sites.
Constable Lalit Joshi, in whose presence all this happened at the police post, has been transferred and an inquiry ordered against him.
2

Uddhav did not respond to alliance offer: RajThe Hindu MNS president Raj Thackeray
TOPICS
election
After the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) called off its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, speculation has been rife about whether the split will bring the estranged Thackeray cousins back together. In the election campaign so far, both Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) president Raj Thackeray have focussed their fire on the BJP, rather than each other.
On Thursday, Raj Thackeray revealed in a television interview that he had spoken to Uddhav Thackeray on the night the saffron alliance split and the latter had suggested an understanding between them before the polls. However, subsequently he got no response from the Shiv Sena and decided to contest alone, he said.
Mr. Thackeray said he was approached by a functionary from the Shiv Sena newspaper Saamna suggesting the cousins come together and that Mr. Uddhav Thackeray was waiting for his call. He later connected the cousins on the telephone.
“Uddhav was upset and said the BJP had betrayed him. I asked what he planned to do. He suggested three options. That we hold talks; not attack each other during the campaign or have discussions after the polls,” Mr. Raj Thackeray said in the interview. He claimed they delegated the next stage of talks to second-rung leaders.
However, later Shiv Sena leaders did not respond to the MNS, he said. “My leaders kept calling them but got no response, so finally we went ahead and distributed nomination forms,” Mr. Raj Thackeray said.
Blames Shiv Sena
Blaming the Shiv Sena for spurning alliance talks, he said, “I feel ego and differences should be set aside for the future of Maharashtra but this is the way I was treated.”
Yet he left the door open for future negotiations by saying, “My main adversaries are the Congress, the Nationalist Congress Party and the BJP.” The Shiv Sena has already made it clear that it wanted to seek votes on its own strength in this election. In an interview to The Hindu, Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said he wanted to avoid a split in the Marathi vote.
In response to Mr. Raj Thackeray’s comments, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, “Things will be clearer after the poll results. I am sure Raj Thackeray is thinking about the future of Maharashtra.”

Flipkart plans to offer sops to win customer...brands
(The e-tailer is planning…)
BANGALORE: Flipkart is planning a slew of measures to win back customers and vendors who were left fuming after several glitches marred the online retailer's massive Big Billion Day sale on Monday.
The Bangalore-based company will now offer gift coupons for customers who were unable to buy products at advertised prices and earmark specific dates beginning tomorrow for vendors to showcase wares on the marketplace.
"We are sourcing additional stock in some categories or offering refunds," said Mukesh Bansal, board member of Flipkart. For instance, the company is arranging for additional stock of televisions that will be offered to customers at the discounted prices. "Importantly, we are putting in place processes to ensure this does not happen again."
Bansal, who heads fashion at Flipkart, said the company is using the data they got on Monday to make stock forecasting more robust. It is also in talks with payment gateways to ensure that transaction failures are not repeated.
These processes will soon be put to the test as the company is set to launch its second big sales on Friday. The sale will last until October 16. "We had over five times our usual sale on Monday. We could have sold more but they blocked orders," said a fashion merchant on Flipkart, who did not want to be named.
Bansal confirmed that Flipkart would have an additional sales event, but declined to share specifics.
The largest merchant on the Flipkart marketplace, WS Retail is expected to have minimum involvement in the new sale that will kick-off on Friday. "The deals of other merchants will have prominence," said a person who directly involved with the planning.
According to filings with the ministry of corporate affairs, WS Retail "sources products from Flipkart India Private Limited under a valid and nonexclusive supply agreement and resells it to the end-customer on the e-commerce marketplace platform www.flipkart.com". The sale will coincide with Amazon's big Diwali sale. Experts said such steps are necessary. "They need to take these steps to correct their image, otherwise it will affect future sales," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India.
Flipkart's team is also in talks with brands that have been vocal about their displeasure over the steep discounts, said a person who did not want to be named. Electronics giants like Sony and LG have made known their ire about the selling practices of e-tailers. PwC's Srivastava said despite the threats brands cannot ignore e-commerce anymore.
"Brands need brick-and-mortar and ecommerce. They are trying to keep both happy," said Srivastava. Flipkart sold $100 million worth of products on Monday, while rival Snapdeal said it registered sales of over Rs 1 crore every minute on the same day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&S plans to reach 80 stores in India in 2 yearsM&S plans to reach 80 stores in India in 2 years
Excited about  Digital India  initiative: Fa...You are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
I am excited about PM Narendra Modi's 'Digital India' initiative: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.51AM IST
(India has always been good…)
Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook who is visiting India, is on a mission to get more and more Indians online. In his keynote address, Zuckerberg talked about how he plans to get millions of Indians online. During an interaction, he also talked about net neutrality, starting up, privacy and meeting Prime Minister Modi. Edited Excerpts:
On meeting Modi
The thing I am really excited about is the Prime Minister's whole Digital India initiative. We're just this one company. We can't create connectivity around the world by ourselves so we're primarily trying to go and work with the folks like operators who're already trying to find a model to build out their network or governments trying to get their whole population online. There are probably things that we can probably help out with uniquely, but I am also going to be listening to try and figure out what we can do on that.
On WhatsApp and Facebook integration
Over the long term, I think we have a pretty clear model for building businesses around messaging products. You can look at, for example, some of the Chinese messaging products. Tencent's WeChat has been wildly successful as a business. So I think there are models that you can look at. For the near future, probably the next few years, we're really most focused on just trying to help connect people and help more people use the service.
On privacy
The biggest thing that we do is focus on building this product with different tools in it so that people can control exactly who sees each piece of the content they're sharing. That's one of the most powerful things about Facebook. If you want to share something publicly you can do that. In case if someone is doing something that isn't what they want, then it doesn't help them, it doesn't help us, and it's just not good for anyone. So the biggest thing that we do is really in the product. It's less about policy and we roll out product improvements across the whole world. It's really important, especially for us, now that we understand the cultural nuances here.
On starting up again
Right now, you'd focus on mobile. When I got started, it was mostly computers, and mobile wasn't as big a thing. You know, I myself use a phone way more than a computer these days. I mean I write all my emails on phones, and when we had our IPO I wrote my PS1 letters (on them)... so definitely phone today. I think video is a huge thing that's going to grow over the next few years, and I would just look for those openings. So where are there types of media, and sets of people that people don't have tools to share with, and someone will build something for those, whether it's us or someone else.
On why India
When the benefits of this technology are shared with society, we can start to make a big leapfrog. India has always been good in taking these leaps. Because of green revolution, hundreds of millions of people were lifted out of poverty.
How you have embraced computer revolution — you have some of the best computer engineers in the world. Just last month, India became the first country in Asia to send a prototype to Mars. It's a huge technical achievement. The next generation has the opportunity to bring India to the world and bring the world to India. And a big opportunity is to embrace internet.
  On the three barriers to connectivity
The first is infrastructure. For 10-15% of population, the primary barrier is the technical barrier because majority of people do not live within range of a 3G network. So most of these people live in very remote areas. They also do not have other infrastructure like roads. There are more than 6,00,000 villages in India that face these challenges. Today, more than 85% of people already live within range of an existing network. For them, the primary challenge is economic.
Around two and half billion people live on less than a dollar a day. So even though phones are getting cheaper, it is still not affordable for these people. In the US, one model we talk about from time to time is that you can always call 911. In India, you can dial 100 to access the police. There needs to be a 911 for the internet where even if you haven't bought a data plan or can't afford that, you can get free access to some basic services for health, education, jobs, communications and some really important basic needs.
On local languages
The last barrier to connectivity is the availability of local language content. Today, more than 80% of the content on the internet is in just 10 languages. For developing countries, especially in Asia and Africa, a lot of people just aren't well represented online, especially in their local languages. In India, there are 22 official languages and 11 scripts and there are 100s of other unofficial languages.

Govt diktat shoots drone out of skyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt s favourable stand towards Rel Jio unfair: Marten PietersGovt s favourable stand towards Rel Jio unfair: Marten Pieters
Global growth concerns smack stocksGlobal growth concerns smack stocks
NYMEX crude dips in early Asia  investors seek demand cuesOct 10, 2014, 03.41 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
NYMEX crude dips in early Asia, investors seek demand cues
NYMEX crude dips in early Asia, investors seek demand cues
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NYMEX crude dips in early Asia, investors seek demand cues
NYMEX crude dips in early Asia, investors seek demand cues
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude oil prices eased in early Asia on Friday as investors awaited fresh cues on demand prospects.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in November traded at $84.69 a barrel, down 0.08%, after hitting an overnight session low of $86.25 a barrel and a high of $87.94 a barrel.
Brent oil prices fell as low as $89.90 a barrel in intraday trading Thursday with front-month November futures settled down 1.5% at $90.05 a barrel on ICE Futures Europe, the lowest price since June 21, 2012.
Overnight, better-than-expected weekly U.S. claims numbers weakened oil prices on Thursday by strengthening the dollar.
The U.S. Department of Labor reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Oct. 4 fell by 1,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 288,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 6,000 to 294,000 last week, and the numbers strengthened the greenback, which offset dovish language out of the Federal Reserve.
On Wednesday the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 policy meeting revealed that several monetary authorities believe the bank's current language painted the wrong picture on the timing of rate hikes and that an interest rate rise should be tied to U.S. economic recovery.
The minutes also showed that the U.S. central bank cut its growth outlook due to a stronger dollar and concerns over global weakness.
Crude also remained under pressure after the U.S. Energy Information Administration said in its weekly report on Wednesday that oil inventories rose by 5 million barrels in the week ending Oct. 3, blowing past expectations for a gain of 1.6 million barrels.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Dollar gains on U.S. jobless claims data  Draghi commentsOct 10, 2014, 12.53 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar gains on U.S. jobless claims data, Draghi comments
Dollar gains on U.S. jobless claims data, Draghi comments
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar gains on U.S. jobless claims data, Draghi comments
Dollar gains on U.S. jobless claims data, Draghi comments
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar firmed against most major currencies on Thursday in wake of upbeat U.S. jobless claims data, while dovish comments from European Central Bank Mario Draghi pushed the euro lower and further bolstered the greenback's appeal.
In U.S. trading on Thursday, EUR/USD was down 0.35% at 1.2691.
The U.S. Department of Labor reported earlier that the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Oct. 4 fell by 1,000 to 287,000 from the previous week's revised total of 288,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 6,000 to 294,000 last week, and the numbers gave the greenback room to brush off a dovish Federal Reserve report.
The dollar softened broadly on Wednesday after the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 policy meeting revealed that a number of monetary authorities believe the bank's current language painted the wrong picture on the timing of rate hikes and that an interest rate rise should be tied to U.S. economic recovery.
The minutes also showed that the U.S. central bank cut its growth outlook due to a stronger dollar and concerns over global weakness.
Elsewhere, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi spoke earlier and reiterated that the institution's willingness to loosen policy to steer the euro area away from deflationary decline if needed, adding that markets are expecting the bank to begin hiking interest rates some time in 2017.
The dollar was down against the yen, with USD/JPY down 0.25% at 107.80, and up against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF up 0.23% at 0.9540.
In Japan, government data on Thursday revealed that Japan's core machinery orders rose 4.7% in August, more than an expected 1.1% increase, after a 3.5% gain in July, which strengthened the yen earlier.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.27% at 1.6123.
The dollar was up against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD up 0.48% at 1.1163, AUD/USD down 0.74% at 0.8776 and NZD/USD down 0.62% at 0.7857.
The dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was up 0.28% at 85.61.
On Friday, the U.S. is to round up the week with data on import prices.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Natural gas dips on forecasts for mild U.S. autumn weatherOct 10, 2014, 12.02 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Natural gas dips on forecasts for mild U.S. autumn weather
Natural gas dips on forecasts for mild U.S. autumn weather
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natural gas dips on forecasts for mild U.S. autumn weather
Natural gas dips on forecasts for mild U.S. autumn weather
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Natural gas prices edged lower on Thursday after weather-forecasting models called for seasonably mild temperatures to hold across much of the U.S., which should curb demand for both air conditioning and heating.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, natural gas futures for delivery in November were down 0.56% at $3.834 per million British thermal units during U.S. trading. The commodity hit a session low of $3.816, and a high of $3.940.
The November contract settled down 2.58% on Wednesday to end at $3.855 per million British thermal units.
Natural gas futures were likely to find support at $3.786 per million British thermal units, the low from Sept. 12, and resistance at $4.184, the high from Oct. 1.
Pockets of cool air are due to trek across the U.S. in the coming days though temperatures won't fall too hard to seriously drive demand for heating while staying mild enough to curb the need for air conditioning.
"The issue continues to be these weather systems and associated cool blasts will fail to tap enough northern Canadian air to bring widespread freezing temperatures, which we think is important. This active pattern should continue through late October, but we still don't see cold enough weather systems to threaten the nat gas markets with much stronger than normal heating demand," Natgasweather.com reported in its Thursday midday update.
"If colder weather patterns don't show up soon, supplies will be able to make up additional ground on deficits before the draw season begins."
Elsewhere, the Energy Information Agency reported earlier that stockpiles rose by 105 billion cubic feet last week, slightly below market calls for a build of 108 billion cubic feet, which gave the commodity some support.
Elsewhere on the NYMEX, light sweet crude oil futures for delivery in November were down 1.74% at $85.79 a barrel, while heating oil for November delivery were down 1.53% at $2.5366 per gallon.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Gold shoots up dovish Fed language  shrugs off dataGold shoots up dovish Fed language  shrugs off data
Narendra Modi asks investors to look at India as  hotbed of opportunitiesNarendra Modi asks investors to look at India as  hotbed of opportunities
Flipkart looks to pacify customers with sops | Co may escape CCI actionbrands
(The e-tailer is planning…)
BANGALORE: Flipkart is planning a slew of measures to win back customers and vendors who were left fuming after several glitches marred the online retailer's massive Big Billion Day sale on Monday.
The Bangalore-based company will now offer gift coupons for customers who were unable to buy products at advertised prices and earmark specific dates beginning tomorrow for vendors to showcase wares on the marketplace.
"We are sourcing additional stock in some categories or offering refunds," said Mukesh Bansal, board member of Flipkart. For instance, the company is arranging for additional stock of televisions that will be offered to customers at the discounted prices. "Importantly, we are putting in place processes to ensure this does not happen again."
Bansal, who heads fashion at Flipkart, said the company is using the data they got on Monday to make stock forecasting more robust. It is also in talks with payment gateways to ensure that transaction failures are not repeated.
These processes will soon be put to the test as the company is set to launch its second big sales on Friday. The sale will last until October 16. "We had over five times our usual sale on Monday. We could have sold more but they blocked orders," said a fashion merchant on Flipkart, who did not want to be named.
Bansal confirmed that Flipkart would have an additional sales event, but declined to share specifics.
The largest merchant on the Flipkart marketplace, WS Retail is expected to have minimum involvement in the new sale that will kick-off on Friday. "The deals of other merchants will have prominence," said a person who directly involved with the planning.
According to filings with the ministry of corporate affairs, WS Retail "sources products from Flipkart India Private Limited under a valid and nonexclusive supply agreement and resells it to the end-customer on the e-commerce marketplace platform www.flipkart.com". The sale will coincide with Amazon's big Diwali sale. Experts said such steps are necessary. "They need to take these steps to correct their image, otherwise it will affect future sales," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India.
Flipkart's team is also in talks with brands that have been vocal about their displeasure over the steep discounts, said a person who did not want to be named. Electronics giants like Sony and LG have made known their ire about the selling practices of e-tailers. PwC's Srivastava said despite the threats brands cannot ignore e-commerce anymore.
"Brands need brick-and-mortar and ecommerce. They are trying to keep both happy," said Srivastava. Flipkart sold $100 million worth of products on Monday, while rival Snapdeal said it registered sales of over Rs 1 crore every minute on the same day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal India Limited misses sales target by 7 per centCoal India Limited misses sales target by 7 per cent
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; Infosys Q2 results eyedIIP
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7950 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 59 points lower at 7926 indicating gap-down opening on the domestic market.
Investors will also keep a close eye in Infosys which will declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 later today.
The company is expected to report net profit of Rs 2,864.4 crore, down 0.75 per cent, against Rs 2,886 crore, a quarter ago.
Consolidated revenues is likely to be at $2197 million, up 3 per cent, from $ 2133 million in previous quarter, says ET Now poll.
On the macro front, the government would unveil the IIP number later in the day. Industrial activity, as measured by the index of industrial production (IIP) is expected to expand to 2.4 per cent as compared to 0.5 per cent reported in the month of July.
Indian markets showed strong recovery after consecutive three day fall. BSE's Sensex gained 390.49 points and closed at 26637.28 while NSE's Nifty rose by 117.85 basis points and closed at 7960.55.
Nifty found support near 7840 on Wednesday and has bounced back sharply since then, thus averting the threat of an immediate decline.
"The present upside may stretch higher till 8035 - 8040 range in coming few sessions after a minor correction till 7910 - 7915 support," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"On the higher side the range of 8100 to 8160 would now act as a resistance for Nifty. The level of 7840 is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend the same as a stop loss (closing) for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower with S&P 500 posting its largest percentage decline in six months on concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
"The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since Aug. 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase," Reuters reported.
"German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and reports earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, at 16,659.25; the S&P 500 dropped 40.68, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21, and the Nasdaq Composite fell 90.26, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 15,301 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.3 per cent lower at 23,226.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.2 per cent lower at 1,941 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.37 per cent lower at 2,381.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Wall St Sells Off on Growth Concerns; Volatility Picks UpYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Sells Off on Growth Concerns; Volatility Picks Up
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
New York:
The S&P 500 posted its largest percentage decline in six months on Thursday on lingering concern about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since August 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase.
German exports in August showed their biggest drop since January 2009, which followed reports this week showing steep drops in industrial orders and output.
"Investors are focused on the uncertainty about the economy," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO and founder at Destination Wealth Management in Walnut Creek, California.
Adding to market jitters, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned by a disconnect between the market's view of the Fed's rate hike path and the central bank's own view.
"The markets are making a mistake," said Bullard, a non-voting member of the FOMC who is, however, seen by investors as a bellwether among Fed officials.
Expectations for a more dovish Fed had triggered a rally in stocks on Wednesday, but indexes wiped out all of those gains in Thursday's trading.
Market participants said the end of the Fed's third round of quantitative easing this month was also bearish as it takes away one of the pillars of the five-year bull market.
"QE3 ending is one positive catalyst taken away, a tailwind turning into a headwind," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
"Tighter policy is the path we're on and we should be," he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, to 16,659.25, the S&P 500 lost 40.68 points, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 90.26 points, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks fell 29.13 points, or 2.66 per cent, to close at 1,067.99.
Energy shares were by far the weakest on the day, dropping 3.7 per cent in their biggest one-day decline since April 2013. US crude oil prices settled at their lowest since December 2012 and continued to fall in post-settlement trading.
The S&P 500 posted back-to-back intraday moves of more than 40 points for the first time in three years. The CBOE Volatility Index jumped more than 24 per cent to close at its highest level since early February.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Ventas Inc, which rose 1.3 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Gap Inc, down 12.5 per cent.
On the Nasdaq 100 the largest percentage gainer was Apple Inc, up just 0.2 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was VimpelCom Ltd, down 5.9 per cent.
Among the most active on the NYSE were Bank of America, down 3.10 per cent to $16.59; Petrobras, up 1.57 per cent to $16.77; and AMD, down 10.06 per cent to $2.95.
GT Advanced Technologies, up 17.3 per cent to $1.29, and Apple were among the most actively traded on the Nasdaq.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,726 to 364, for a 7.49-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,314 issues were falling and 387 advancing for a 5.98-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index showed 22 new 52-week highs and 19 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 24 new highs and 215 new lows.
Volume soared to more than 8.2 billion shares on US exchanges, above the average in the past five days of 7.27 billion, according to BATS Global Markets data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Syndicate Bank biz tops Rs 4 lakh-crSyndicate Bank biz tops Rs 4 lakh-cr
Turkey s Refusal To Help Besieged Kurds Fight ISIS Is BackfiringTurkey's Refusal To Help Besieged Kurds Fight ISIS Is Backfiring
Posted:
Updated:
10/07/2014  7:59 pm EDT
Police used tear gas and water cannon on October 7, 2014 in Istanbul against demonstrators protesting against the Islamic State and Turkey's stance on Kobani.  | OZAN KOSE via Getty Images
reddit
ISTANBUL --  Kobani, a Kurdish town in northern Syria just a stone’s throw from the Turkish border, wasn't widely known until recently. But now, with the Islamic State poised to overthrow the besieged town, Kobani has become a rallying point for all Kurds.
Members of Turkey's Kurdish minority are alleging that the Turkish government is tacitly supporting the Islamic State, the militant group also known as ISIS or ISIL. This week, tensions reached a boiling point as pro-Kurdish demonstrators took to the streets to protest the government's inaction in the face of the possible fall of Kobani.
As of Tuesday evening, at least nine people had been killed in demonstrations protesting the Islamic State and the Turkish government, Reuters reported . The protests, organized in part by the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party, occurred across Turkey and in several international cities on Monday and Tuesday . Turkey imposed a curfew in five provinces on Tuesday, including Diyarbakir, the country's largest Kurdish city.
For decades, a bloody conflict has raged between Turkey and its Kurdish minority, whose demands over the years have included self-rule, basic rights and greater freedoms. In 1984, the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) -- which the United States has designated a terrorist organization -- announced a Kurdish uprising against the Turkish state. Since then, more than 40,000 people have been killed in Turkey as a result of the conflict.
In March 2013, the group’s jailed leader Abdullah Ocalan called for a cease-fire. As PKK militants withdrew to the Iraqi mountains and the beginnings of a peace process emerged, the conflict seemed to have reached a turning point.
But after a period of relative peace, Kurdish anger against the Turkish state has exploded once again.
More than 180,000 Syrian Kurds have fled from Kobani to Turkey in the past three weeks. Now, from the relative safety of Turkey -- interrupted by the occasional Islamic State mortar shell that lands close to or within Turkish territory -- they watch as dark plumes rise from their city. On Monday and Tuesday, there were a handful of coalition airstrikes on Islamic State positions, strikes that Kurds in Kobani said came late, but helped them to hold back the militants' advance. Meanwhile, Turkish tanks lined up along the border haven’t budged an inch.
There have been repeated reports of desperate Syrian Kurds waiting at the border for days before being allowed to cross into Turkey. Turkish Kurds headed to Kobani to defend the city from the Islamic State have been turned away by Turkish border guards. And Kurds protesting in solidarity with Kobani's residents have been met with tear gas by Turkish authorities.
At the same time, Turkey faces increasing criticism that it is turning a blind eye to extremist fighters who frequently cross Turkey’s porous border with Syria and recruit new fighters in Turkish cities. Many foreign fighters seeking to join the Islamic State fly into Istanbul.
Turkey, for its part, is worried about the Kurds becoming too powerful. “Turkey is concerned about the creation of an independent, or even autonomous Kurdish region in Syria,” Aaron Stein, a Turkey expert and an associate fellow at London’s Royal United Services Institute, told The WorldPost.
In particular, Turkey is gravely concerned that the People's Defence Units, the Syrian Kurdish fighting force that now controls Kobani, might gain more power. The People's Defence Units is linked with the PKK, which Turkey considers a terrorist organization.
The protesters' anger at the Turkish government over Kobani is echoed at the highest levels of the PKK. Ocalan, who has been imprisoned since 1999, warned last week that negotiations between Turkey and the PKK would end if Kobani fell to the Islamic State.
“I am calling on those in Turkey who don’t want to see the process collapse to shoulder responsibility,” he said in a statement. “The reality of Kobani and the peace process are not separable.”
Officials stress that Turkey is doing everything in its power to help Kobani -- a claim met with skepticism from Kurds as the Islamic State hoists its black flags on the edges of the town.
“We will do do whatever we can so that Kobani does not fall,” Turkey’s Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu recently said. But his statement came with a caveat. “If Kobani falls,” he said, “Turkey is not at fault. If Kobani falls, this shouldn't be tied to the solution process.”
Late last week, Turkey’s parliament voted to give the government the authority to take military action in Iraq and Syria. The vote also gave the government the ability to allow foreign countries to use Turkey as a base for attacks against the Islamic State. But while the vote has gotten much attention, this is the third year Turkey has voted to theoretically authorize a military intervention without actually undertaking one.
As Tuesday came to a close, it didn’t look like military action would be happening anytime soon. Hugh Pope, the International Crisis Group’s deputy program director for Europe and Central Asia, said Turkey was unlikely to use its new war powers.
“Turkey has made it clear that it is not about to invade Syria, and indeed, there are many reasons why it won't,” Pope told The WorldPost. “Military capacity, legal obstacles, domestic political sensitivities, the possibility of Syrian retaliation and NATO obligations, to name just some of them."
More:

CBS Reporter Travels Undercover To SyriaCBS News Takes Huge Risk, Sends Reporter Undercover To Syria
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — CBS News reporter Clarissa Ward traveled undercover to Syria to interview two Westerners fighting against the United States for stories airing this week, a risk the network took despite the backdrop of kidnappings and beheadings by Islamic state fighters.
Ward's stories, about a former Dutch Army fighter and an American who are fighting for rebel groups in Syria, are scheduled to air Tuesday and Wednesday on the "CBS Evening News."
Ward said she spent only hours in Syria last week for the stories, which she began working on in June upon making online contact with a Dutch jihadist known as Yilmaz. She has been to Syria for reporting 11 times since the civil war began there.
But this is the first time she has gone since Islamic state rebels, operating in Syria and Iraq, beheaded two American journalists and two British aid workers and distributed gruesome videos of the killings to the world.
"I felt comfortable and secure," Ward said. "While any trip into Syria or Iraq or Gaza entails a certain amount of risk, I did not feel this trip was riskier than many others that journalists have made."
CBS would not give details of her security arrangements. Ward said she had several discussions with Yilmaz online and talked in person with people who said they knew him. It was Yilmaz who made Ward aware of Ibn Zubair, a Midwesterner in Syria fighting for the al-Qaida-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra in Syria. While both men oppose the United States, they are not members of the Islamic state; Ward said she would not have traveled into Syria to meet with members of that group.
Among the executives approving her trip was Steve Capus, the "CBS Evening News" executive producer who was president of NBC News when that network's correspondent, Richard Engel, was kidnapped in Syria in 2012.
Capus said it was "a series of gut-check decisions.
"It would not have been right to shut this down completely simply because of (the beheadings)," he said. "If anything, it slowed us down for all the right reasons."
Executives at competing broadcasts on ABC and NBC News did not immediately respond to requests for comment on whether their news divisions would have taken the same chance for the story.
Ward said it will be shocking for many Americans to hear Zubair, who has taken a new name in Syria and would not reveal his American identity to protect family members who remain in the country. He grew up playing sports in high school and enjoying Hollywood movies, yet now speaks of how he considers Osama bin Laden a great man, she said.
"I do think our audience wants to know who we are fighting against ... and what their motivations are," Capus said. "How could they? How could they carry out such atrocities?"
___
Follow David Bauder at twitter.com/dbauder. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/david-bauder.
More:

Spanish Ebola Nurse Alerted Hospital Staff 3 Times She Was Feeling SickSpanish Ebola Nurse Alerted Hospital Staff 3 Times She Was Feeling Sick
Reuters
Updated:
10/08/2014 12:59 pm EDT
A worker wearing a romper and gloves carries a bag as he enters the apartment building of a Spanish nurse infected with Ebola in Madrid, Spain, Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. Three more people were placed under quarantine for Ebola at a Madrid hospital where the Spanish nurse became infected, authorities said Thursday. More than 50 other possible contacts were being monitored. The nurse, who had cared for a Spanish priest who died of Ebola, was the first case of Ebola being transmitted outside of West | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
By Rodrigo De Miguel and Kate Kelland
MADRID/LONDON, Oct 8 (Reuters) - A Spanish nurse who is the  first person to contract Ebola outside of Africa may have  touched her face with the gloves of her protective suit while  caring for a priest who died of the disease, a doctor treating  her said on Wednesday.
The nurse, Teresa Romero, was being treated for the deadly  infection at a Madrid hospital while Spanish officials launched  an investigation into how she was able to contract Ebola despite  strict protocols for handling contagious patients.
The virus, which has killed more than 3,400 people in West  Africa since March in the largest outbreak of the disease on  record, causes haemorrhagic fever and is spread through direct  contact with body fluids from an infected person.
While Romero is the only confirmed Ebola case in Spain aside  from two priests who contracted the disease in Africa and died,  more than 50 other people who may have had contact with the  virus in the country are currently being monitored, including  primary health care and hospital staff, European officials said.
"She has talked to me about the gloves, she touched her face  with the gloves. That's what she remembers and what she has told  me three times," German Ramirez, one of the doctors at Carlos  III hospital where the nurse is being treated, told reporters.
The nurse took leave from work immediately after Spanish  missionary Manuel Garcia died on Sept. 25. Wearing a full  protective suit, she had entered the priest's room once while he  was alive and once after his death to clean the room.
"I believe the error was made when taking off the suit," she  told Spain's El Pais newspaper in a telephone interview  published on Wednesday. "I see that as the most critical moment,  when something could have happened. But I'm not sure."
Health worker union officials said Romero alerted hospital  staff three times to say she had a fever and a rash, but because  her temperature had not gone above 38.6 degrees Celsius the  hospital did not see her as a risk.
CALLS FOR CALM
European officials said Spain had informed the EU that of  the 50 people monitored, five "high risk contacts" - including a  doctor who dealt with the infected nurse at a primary health  care clinic, three ambulance workers and the nurse's husband -  are being "actively surveyed" by the public health services at  home.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy defended his country's  health authorities and urged people not to panic.
"We have to be alert and keep calm right now," he said.
Rajoy said he had created a committee to oversee  co-ordination between the regional Madrid government, the  central government and European institutions.
"Let the professionals do their work," he said. "The Spanish  health system is one of the best in the world."
Two experts from the Stockholm-based European Center for  Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), which monitors disease in  the region, have gone to Spain to help with the investigation, a  spokesman for the European Commission said.
The spokesman said Spanish authorities had told the EU it  was "not clear at this stage how infection occurred," but that  it may have been due to "possible relaxation" of protocols for  handling the corpse or for the disposal of medical waste.
The Commission's health security committee gathered  representatives from all EU states, the ECDC and from the World  Health Organization's European regional headquarters to discuss  the situation on Wednesday.
The Commision said that with the repatriation of people with  Ebola from West Africa likely to continue and with "the  possibility of an incubating case arriving in the EU," the  committee had agreed on "the need to strengthen the information  to returning travelers and to health professionals to ensure  that they can recognize cases of Ebola fever at an early stage."
MANDATORY SCREENING
The WHO's Europe director Zsuzsanna Jakab told Reuters in an  interview on Tuesday it was "unavoidable" that Europe would see  more cases of Ebola within its borders because of the busy  travel links between Europe and the worst affected West African  countries of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
She stressed, however, that the continent is well prepared  for handling Ebola virus disease, and said she did not expect to  see any widespread outbreaks in European countries.
Nevertheless, travelers arriving in the United States from  Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea will face mandatory screening  measures for the deadly virus as soon as this weekend, CNN  reported, adding screening could be extended to other nations.
Countries in West Africa are supposed to screen passengers  before they are allowed to depart. Under the new measures such  travelers will also have to answer questions and have their  temperature taken with a hand-held scanner once they arrive in  the United States, CNN said.
A new World Bank assessment of the potential impact of the   epidemic estimated that if it spread wider from the three states  into neighboring larger economies, the two-year regional  financial impact could reach $32.6 billion by the end of 2015.
"A swift policy reaction by the international community is  crucial," the report said.
The Madrid regional government on Tuesday had ordered a dog  belonging to the nurse and her husband to be put down because it  lived in close contact with someone infected with Ebola.
"According to scientific information, Ebola antibodies have  been found in dogs, indicating dogs can carry the virus in their  blood although they do not show symptoms," the government said  in a statement, adding there was no guarantee that dogs do not  transfer the virus through bodily fluids.
However, the order did not appear to have been carried out  on Wednesday as photographers at the couple's apartment saw the  dog alive and well on the balcony.       (Additional reporting by Raquel Castillo; Editing by Sonya  Hepinstall)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Searching for the real Virat Kohli0
Kohli's extended summer break
Virat Kohli's reputation took a hit during the English summer. Every other day, experts deconstructed how his angled bat was the reason for his failures. Umpteen replays showed how match after match, he kept edging. James Anderson 's celebrations diminished in intensity as the series progressed; Kohli's wicket was a given. The home series against West Indies was supposed to bring joy, and Kohli's push through wide mid-on was a signal in the first ODI . However, as Jerome Taylor found away movement, Kohli found his edge.
Kohli's fielding has been a nightmare too. Today, he took one catch at long-off. In the last over of the innings, another chance came his way. Kohli moved to his left at long-off and got into position to take the overhead chance, but the ball bounced out of his hands to land over the boundary. The ghosts of the summer were still around.
Six and out
The West Indian batsmen love their sixes. Dwayne Smith had hit one early in his innings off Ravindra Jadeja . As the bowler came to bowl his third over, Smith greeted him with a straight hit that went all the
Virat Kohli's extended run of poor scores continued. (Photo by: Pal Pillai/ Sportzpics/ BCCI) way, but in trying to repeat the shot next ball, Smith missed and was bowled. Little did Darren Bravo , watching from the other end, know he was going to meet the same fate. He drove a flighted delivery from Amit Mishra over long-off for his first six, and was caught at the boundary the very next ball as he tried to repeat the shot.
The tandem effort that wasn't
Mohit Sharma, from long-on, covered good ground towards the sight-screen to cut off a Smith straight drive in the 15th over. He swooped low, picked up the ball cleanly, and as he was losing balance he lobbed the ball towards Ajinkya Rahane , who had run all the way from mid-off. However, Mohit's lob wasn't controlled or accurate, which meant Rahane had to run back towards mid-off to gather the ball, resulting in an extra run.
The field-placement reversal
Two short balls from Taylor in his second over were emphatically pulled for boundaries by Rahane, prompting Dwayne Bravo to push square leg back and bring the fine leg in the circle in Taylor's next over. Taylor, however, served up a ball he shouldn't have - a half-volley on the pads. Rahane flicked it fine, to the right of the short fine-leg fielder. Three balls later, another fuller delivery was glanced through the left of that fielder. Dwayne Bravo quickly went back to his original field of having the fine leg out and square leg in.
Bravo! The opening
Dwayne Bravo had opened the batting in ODIs before, twice to be exact. The ploy hadn't been successful though, highlighting why it had not been tried in the last six years. But with Lendl Simmons injured, Bravo, the captain, took the responsibility and strode out to partner Smith. He played like an opener too, crunching two length deliveries from his Chennai Super Kings team-mate Mohit through covers off the back foot, all along the ground. However, it wasn't too long before his natural instincts took over. He tried to play a lofted drive against an away-swinging Mohammed Shami delivery, but edged it to slip.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

The Scientist Who Helped Discover Ebola Says This Is How We Should Stop the Virusreddit
The following post is adapted from the book No Time To Lose: A Life in Pursuit of Deadly Viruses by Peter Piot. (Copyright 2012 by Peter Piot; with permission of the publisher, W. W. Norton & Company, Inc. All rights reserved. UK readers can get more information here .) Prof. Piot is director of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, and former Executive Director of UNAIDS and Under Secretary-General of the United Nations. He co-discovered Ebola in 1976. Prof. Piot introduces his post with new observations from this week.
The current Ebola epidemic is unprecedented. Over 7,000 cases and more than 3,300 deaths so far. It's the first time that entire nations are affected; it's the first time that capital cities with huge urban populations are involved. And it's the first time the virus has been diagnosed outside of Africa.
In the 38 years since I worked with Ebola, I never thought that the virus would take this kind of dimension, turning from a small outbreak into a horrifying humanitarian crisis.
Thinking back to  the initial work of our international team in 1976 in Yambuku, Democratic Republic of the Congo (what was then Zaire), all the lessons we learnt as we pieced together how this devastating virus was being spread are still applicable today. How the virus spreads is no longer a mystery, and we knew exactly how to prevent previous Ebola outbreaks. However, such measures have not succeeded in stopping the current epidemic in West Africa -- to a large extent because they were initiated too slowly and at an insufficient scale.
We urgently need to scale up the provision of skills and resources to bring the humanitarian catastrophe under control. We must build field hospitals and Ebola care units, send health-care staff, medical supplies and logistical coordination, as well as supporting governments and NGOs to stop Ebola transmission through community mobilization to avoid risky funeral and care practices. -- London, October 2014
_________
YAMBUKU, 1976 -- For the next two days we toured villages every morning, taking blood where we could, jotting down every potentially telling detail and piece of data we could muster.
In every village we organized a meeting with the chief and elders. We asked them to describe their experience of the new illness, the number of cases and deaths, the dates, whether they had knowledge of any people currently sick. We questioned every villager we came across about day-to-day practices -- unusual contact with animals, new areas of forest cleared, food and drink, travel, contact with traders.
We heard of entire families who had been wiped out by the swift-moving virus. In one case, a woman in Yambuku had died days after giving birth, swiftly followed by her newborn. Her thirteen-year-old daughter, who had traveled to Yambuku to take charge of the child, fell ill once she returned to her home village and died days later; followed by her uncle's wife, who had cared for her; then her uncle; and then another female relative who had come to care for him. This extremely virulent interhuman transmission was frightening.
Two elements linked almost every victim of the mystery epidemic. One factor was funerals: many of the dead had been present at the funeral of a sick person or had close contact with someone who had. What made those funerals so lethal, apart from this prolonged and intense contact, was the preparation of the cadaver. The body was thoroughly cleaned, and the process often involved several family members, working bare-handed. Since the bodies were usually covered in blood, feces, and vomit, exposure to Ebola virus was enormous -- particularly since the usual custom was to clean all the orifices: mouth, eyes, nose, vagina, anus.
The other factor was presence at the Yambuku Mission Hospital. Just about every early victim of the virus had attended the outpatient clinic a few days before falling ill.
It seemed likely by this point that aerosol contact was not enough to transmit the disease. But particularly in the 18- to 25-year age group, at least twice as many women had died as men. We knew that there was something fishy about the hospital, but this was the real clue. What's different in men and women at that age? Women get pregnant. And indeed, almost all of the women who had died had been pregnant, particularly in that age-group, and they had attended the antenatal clinic at the Yambuku mission.
We politely interviewed the nuns. Sister Genoveva told us quite freely that the few glass syringes were reused for every patient; every morning, she told us, they were quickly (and far too summarily) boiled, like the obstetric instruments employed in the maternity room. Then all day long they were employed and re-employed; they were simply rinsed out with sterile water.
She confirmed that the nuns dosed all the pregnant women in their care with injections of vitamin B and calcium gluconate. Calcium gluconate is a salt of calcium and gluconic acid; it has basically no medical value in pregnancy, but it delivers a shot of energy, and this temporary "high" made it very popular among patients.
In other words, the nurses were systematically injecting a useless product to every woman in antenatal care, as well as to many of the other patients who came to them for help. To do so, they used unsterilized syringes that freely passed on infection.
It was very hard to formulate the words that would inform the sisters that the virus had in all likelihood been amplified and spread by their own practices and lack of proper training. In the end I think we were far too polite about it: I'm not certain at all that it really sank in when we told them our preliminary conclusions.
This post is part of a special series produced by The Huffington Post in recognition of the threats posed by Ebola, particularly to West Africa. To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

Jayalalithaa moves SC for bail in disproportionate assets caseEYE BROWSE
Jayalalithaa moves SC for bail in disproportionate assets case
The AIADMK leader was sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs 100 crore for amassing wealth worth over Rs 66 crore beyond her known sources of income.
Yahoo India –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
Print
BANGALORE: Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has approached the Supreme Court asking for bail on grounds of ill health so that she can leave the Bangalore prison.
The AIADMK leader was convicted and sentenced for four years and fined Rs 100 crore for disproportionately amassing about Rs 66 crore outside her known sources of income.
On Tuesday, the Karnataka High Court rejected the bail plea of jailed Jayalalithaa.
Justice A.V. Chandrashekara, who heard Jayalalithaa's petition, also declined to suspend her four-year jail term even after Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh submitted he had no objection to her bail application.
The AIADMK leader was convicted and sentenced for four years and fined Rs 100 crore for corruption by a special court here Sep 27.
"No sufficient grounds for suspension of the sentence. The Supreme Court clearly indicated that corruption violates human rights and leads to economic imbalance," the judge said in his interim order.
The judge also found no prime facie ground for granting bail to the 66-year-old Jayalalithaa.
Noted jurist Ram Jethmalani appeared for Jayalalithaa as defence counsel.
The bail petitions of Jayalalithaa's associates - former close associate Sasikala Natarajan, estranged former foster son V.K. Sudhakaran and former aide J. Ilavarasi - were also rejected on the same grounds.
Earlier, in his 90-minute deposition, Jethmalani assured the judge that his client (Jayalalithaa) would abide by any condition put forth for bail, as she was a law abiding citizen and would not flee the country.
But this argument cut no ice with the judge.
A special court here Sep 27 convicted Jayalalithaa for corruption when she was chief minister in 1991-96 and jailed her for four years of simple imprisonment.
She was also fined Rs.100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The other three were also sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs 10 crore each.
The bail petitions were posted for hearing by a regular bench Tuesday by a special bench of the high court Oct 1.
Recommend

No near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp: Mark ZuckerbergE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FIIs put in 47% of India equity in defensivesYou are here: Home > Collections
FIIs put in 47% of India equity in defensives but room for valuation expansion seen limited
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.26AM IST
(However, analysts say these…)
Defensive stocks, or stocks of companies whose performance is not tied to the larger economic cycle, caught the attention of foreign institutional investors in the quarter to September due to the massive outperformance compared with cyclical stocks as well as earnings upgrades.
However, analysts say these stocks, much like their cyclical counterparts, do not have much room left for expansion in terms of valuation. Therefore, these stocks need to deliver solid growth figures to maintain the momentum. During the 3-month period, defensive stocks gained 28.70% on average while cyclical stocks delivered just 3.18% returns.
In August alone, FIIs deployed nearly 47% of their investment in Indian equities in defensive stocks. Saifullah Rais of Kotak institutional equities wrote in a note that cyclical stocks underperformed defensive stocks during the quarter, with only automobiles among the cyclical sectors outperforming the BSE-30 index during the period.
"Information technology and pharmaceuticals were the other sectors to post strong gains over the past three months. Market performance preceded any substantial change in earnings expectations during the period," the note said, adding that cyclical stocks saw consensus earnings revised downwards, with only consumer discretionary sectors and healthcare along with a few others, seeing upward earnings revisions.
Solid results for the 3-month period will be required in these rerated sectors to maintain the momentum, Rais said in the note. Minus automobiles, cyclical stocks delivered just 1.13% returns during the quarter. Among the defensive stocks, Cipla gained the maximum at 63%, followed by Lupin with 49% gain. In the IT sector, stocks such Infosys, Tech Mahindra and TCS gained 27-29% which Nifty gained just 10% during the period. The outperformance of defensive stocks can be attributed to two main factors.
First, the uncertainty over when US Federal Reserve will start scaling back its record low benchmark interest rates prompted investors to turn to less risky equity assets. This resulted in FIIs increasing their equity allocation towards defensive stocks. According to NSDL data, FII invested $909 million in Indian equities in August.
Of this, FIIs invested $435 million in defensive stocks from sectors such as pharmaceuticals, information technology and consumer staples. In the second fortnight of August, FIIs deployed 27.5% of their total investment in the IT sector. Second, the valuation premium offered to defensive stocks over cyclical stocks reduced considerably after cyclical stocks gained substantially in the preceding quarter.
This looked untenable in absence of supporting earnings upgrades. The valuation premium between the defensive and cyclical stocks came down 45% in June compared to historical average of nearly 80%. As alarm bells started ringing in the global equities market, investors started reducing exposure to the cyclical stocks.
As a result, FIIs sold nearly $188 million of capital goods sector stocks in August after receiving nearly $454 million of inflows in the previous six months. "The biggest fear of increasing FII allocation in the defensive stocks such as IT, pharma and consumer staples would be that benchmark indices would not fall significantly as weight of these defensive sectors is quite high, though on the broader market we will see more downside in case global risk-off trades continue," said a fund manager.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-comm changing the way people buy & sell: K...Digital commerce redefining the way consumers buy and traders sell
Oct 10, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Tags:
(Digital commerce surely…)
By Kunal Bahl
American businessman-motivational speaker Nido Qubein said, "Change brings opportunity." Today, e-commerce has become a topic of discussion in most Indian households. Consumers and businesses, small and large, all have a story about how e-commerce has touched their lives.
There are tectonic shifts that happen once in a few decades. Digital commerce surely is one of them, matched only by the telecom revolution 10 years ago that connected corners of our country like never before.
The retail landscape has changed globally and it is changing in India too. Over a decade ago, it was the large-format stores and malls that redefined the way people shopped in India. Today, it is the digital platforms that are again creating a natural evolution: how people shop and how businesses sell, thus bringing more efficiency in the economy.
Online markets have enabled small sellers, retailers, artisans and weavers to directly take their products to customers. For the first time, people living in the smallest towns of India have access to the same selection of products as their counterparts in the metros. This is the power of the digital commerce. Even large retailers are leveraging the power of digital commerce distribution , to expand into markets where setting up physical stores is not feasible.
A marketplace like Snapdeal has proved to be a significant socioeconomic and geographic equaliser for small businesses in India, who now look at digital commerce as a medium to expand their current market beyond their immediate catchment area. They can now reach a much larger customer base using a fraction of the capital they would require for a traditional offline store expansion. This, clubbed with the low cost of sales and distribution, contributes to higher profits and is creating life-changing experiences for them. This democratisation of markets is helping sellers reach customers globally and reducing the asymmetry of information and products for consumers.
In the past two years, a number of sellers from different parts of the country have grown their businesses 100-fold through our digital marketplace. They are also champions for the sector sharing their experience within their markets and inspiring others to try the medium. Of the total number of sellers on Snapdeal, 30% are women business-owners, and many are first-time entrepreneurs.
E-commerce is not just about merchants and consumers. It is also about enabling businesses that are experiencing tremendous growth. A case in point is the growth of logistics and courier companies, which are on track to employ lakhs of people who are delivering products to homes. In China, we have already witnessed the magic Alibaba has created in this regard, becoming the largest customer for the state-owned China Post, delivering billions of packages a year for them. It is only a matter of time when digital commerce companies contribute to a significant portion of India Post's shipping volumes as well, thus leveraging such significant infrastructure the government has created.
What we are witnessing in India with the growth of digital commerce is something amazing, and is the future, one that will make the tide rise for everyone, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
Writer is CEO of Snapdeal.com
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Asian Shares  Oil Prices Slide on Growth ConcernsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares, Oil Prices Slide on Growth Concerns
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 07:18 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Tokyo:
Asian shares drooped and oil prices fell to two-year lows on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that a recession at the heart of Europe could slow down the global economy.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.1 per cent in early trade while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan shed 0.8 per cent.
Concerns about global economic growth hit oil prices hard, with Brent oil prices falling to $89.24 a barrel, its lowest level since mid-2012.
US crude futures traded at $84.68, having fallen to $84.06 on Thursday, its lowest level in almost two years.
Investors have long believed that a solid US recovery will eventually help lift many other sluggish economies around the world, including those in Europe.
But now there is growing fear that the US economy - the world's largest, but less than a quarter of the entire global economy - cannot escape unscathed when Europe is stalling and many other big economies, including China, Japan and Brazil, face their own hardships.
The latest came shock came from Germany, which reported on Thursday that its exports fell 5.8 percent in August, the worst decline since January 2009.
A string of dismal data from Germany, the engine of the euro zone economy, this week fed into anxieties about recession in the euro zone.
Wall Street stocks slumped 2 per cent on Thursday, with S&P 500 index hitting two-month closing low. The CBOE volatility index, a measure of investor anxiety, rose to highs not seen since early February.
"If US stocks jumped back today, then the market could go back to the same habit of assuming everything will be alright. But if they fall big for two days in a row, markets will be clearly entering a whole new phase," said Daisuke Uno, chief strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp.
Anxieties about global economic growth smothered a short-lived rally in equity markets around the world that was sparked by speculation the Federal Reserve would not rush interest rate rises.
Adding to jitters, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned by a disconnect between the market's view of the Fed's rate-increase path and the central bank's own view.
Financial markets have constantly expected much slower tightening by the Fed than US central bank policy makers' own projections.
Federal funds rate futures are pricing in rate hikes to just above 0.50 per cent by the end of next year, far below the Fed board members' median forecast above 1.25 per cent.
The 10-year US Treasuries yield fell to a 16-month low of 2.2790 per cent on Thursday before bouncing back slightly on profit-taking. It last stood at 2.318 per cent.
The euro stayed on the back foot after the weak German data. It had reached a 2-1/2 week high of $1.2791 early on Thursday, but beat a hasty retreat and was last trading at $1.2688.
Risk-off mood underpinned the yen, with the dollar trading at 107.88 yen, having fallen to three-week low of 107.53 yen on Thursday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Wall Street Sells Off on Growth ConcernsYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Sells Off on Growth Concerns; Volatility Picks Up
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
New York:
The S&P 500 posted its largest percentage decline in six months on Thursday on lingering concern about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since August 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase.
German exports in August showed their biggest drop since January 2009, which followed reports this week showing steep drops in industrial orders and output.
"Investors are focused on the uncertainty about the economy," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO and founder at Destination Wealth Management in Walnut Creek, California.
Adding to market jitters, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned by a disconnect between the market's view of the Fed's rate hike path and the central bank's own view.
"The markets are making a mistake," said Bullard, a non-voting member of the FOMC who is, however, seen by investors as a bellwether among Fed officials.
Expectations for a more dovish Fed had triggered a rally in stocks on Wednesday, but indexes wiped out all of those gains in Thursday's trading.
Market participants said the end of the Fed's third round of quantitative easing this month was also bearish as it takes away one of the pillars of the five-year bull market.
"QE3 ending is one positive catalyst taken away, a tailwind turning into a headwind," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
"Tighter policy is the path we're on and we should be," he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, to 16,659.25, the S&P 500 lost 40.68 points, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 90.26 points, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks fell 29.13 points, or 2.66 per cent, to close at 1,067.99.
Energy shares were by far the weakest on the day, dropping 3.7 per cent in their biggest one-day decline since April 2013. US crude oil prices settled at their lowest since December 2012 and continued to fall in post-settlement trading.
The S&P 500 posted back-to-back intraday moves of more than 40 points for the first time in three years. The CBOE Volatility Index jumped more than 24 per cent to close at its highest level since early February.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Ventas Inc, which rose 1.3 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Gap Inc, down 12.5 per cent.
On the Nasdaq 100 the largest percentage gainer was Apple Inc, up just 0.2 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was VimpelCom Ltd, down 5.9 per cent.
Among the most active on the NYSE were Bank of America, down 3.10 per cent to $16.59; Petrobras, up 1.57 per cent to $16.77; and AMD, down 10.06 per cent to $2.95.
GT Advanced Technologies, up 17.3 per cent to $1.29, and Apple were among the most actively traded on the Nasdaq.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,726 to 364, for a 7.49-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,314 issues were falling and 387 advancing for a 5.98-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index showed 22 new 52-week highs and 19 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 24 new highs and 215 new lows.
Volume soared to more than 8.2 billion shares on US exchanges, above the average in the past five days of 7.27 billion, according to BATS Global Markets data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Keep stoploss at 7885 for longs: Mohit GabaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Keep stoploss at 7885 for longs: Mohit Gaba
A good stop loss for longs would be 7885, says Technical Analyst, Mohit Gaba.
Post your opinion here
 
Technical Analyst, Mohit Gaba:
The Nifty opened gap up and continued to trade higher during the session on Thursday. Yesterday’s price action was very bullish, we will have to wait to see if there is follow through today. A good stop loss for longs would be 7885.
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: Infosys  LT  Escorts  Jindal Steel  HUL-Credit Suisse (Singapore) sells 2.11 lakh shares at Rs 650/share
-Goldman Sachs Investments Mauritius sells 1.08 lakh shares at Rs 650/share
-Reliance Small Capital Fund buys 3.25 lakh shares at Rs 650/share
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
- Larsen and Toubro (L&T) CFO R Shankar Raman says company exploring listing of infra assets including toll roads: Reuters
- Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) to acquire remaining 51 percent stake in its joint venture JB Fabinfra
- HUL appoints Kalpana Morparia as independent director on company’s board
-Government looking at ways to promote balanced use of fertilisers: Sources
-Competition Commission of India (CCI) clears JSW Steel 's acquisition of Welspun Maxsteel: PTI
-Brent crude slides below USD 90/barrel for 1st time since June 25, 2012
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: Infosys  Wipro  Tata Motors slipOct 10, 2014, 08.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Infosys, Wipro, Tata Motors slip
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. ICICI Bank fell 0.5 percent and Infosys shed 1.6 percent
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Infosys, Wipro, Tata Motors slip
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. ICICI Bank fell 0.5 percent and Infosys shed 1.6 percent
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. In the IT space, Infosys shed 1.59 percent at USD 59.41 and Wipro was down 1.65 percent at USD 11.93.
In the banking space, ICICI Bank fell 0.52 percent at USD 49.94 and HDFC Bank was up 0.12 percent at USD 48.17.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors slipped 1.85 percent at USD 44.07 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories was down 1.4 percent at USD 49.22.
RELATED NEWS

Insider  informationInsider  information
FO cues: Nifty 8300 Call adds 2.2 lakh shares in OIFO cues: Nifty 8300 Call adds 2.2 lakh shares in OI
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 09.30 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure has submitted a copy of minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure: Updates on outcome of AGM
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure has submitted a copy of minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nagreeka Capital & Infrastructure Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Toyota Recalls 690K Vehicles For Suspension Glitchtoyota recalls 690k vehicles for suspension glitch
New Study: Hands-Free Devices in Cars Do More Harm Than Goodnew study: hands-free devices in cars do more harm than good
At Infosys Q2  Focus likely to be on Vishal Sikka s StrategyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys will report its September quarter earnings on Friday. Infosys quarterly results are closely tracked by market analysts because its numbers often decide the direction of the broader markets. Infosys has the second highest weightage in the Nifty.
The second quarter results are also important because it will have some imprint of the company's new CEO Vishal Sikka, who took charge of Infosys on August 1.
Here are 10 things to know before Infosys reports its Q2 numbers,
1) Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer, has lagged behind its peers such as TCS (India's biggest outsourcer) and HCL Tech (fourth biggest) in revenue growth over the last few quarters. The trend is expected to continue.
2) Nomura expects Infosys to log 2.6 per cent quarter-on-quarter (sequential) growth in Q2. Barclays expects slightly higher (3.1 per cent) growth for Infosys.
3) Compare that to TCS, which is expected to grow at 5 per cent (Nomura). Tech Mahindra may grow at 3.4 per cent and HCL Tech at 3 per cent, while Wipro (2.5 per cent) and Cognizant (2 per cent) may lag Infosys, Nomura estimates.
4) IT companies' margins are likely to go up because of nearly 1 per cent fall in rupee between June and September. Infosys and TCS are likely to report a 50 basis point sequential rise in ebit (operating) margins, Nomura says. However, Wipro, HCL Tech and Cognizant may see a decline in margins (60-90 basis points according to Nomura) because of wage hikes.
5) It will be interesting to see if the demand environment in US - the biggest market for Indian outsourcers - has improved. Tier 1 IT companies' revenue from US has grown at 12 per cent in the last twelve months as compared to 22 per cent in Europe and 14 per cent overall, Nomura says.
6) Infosys is among the handful of companies in India to give a sales outlook. It's current guidance of 7-9 per cent revenue growth (in US dollars) is lower than the overall IT industry, but analysts say Infosys will stick to its stated guidance tomorrow.
7) TCS is again expected to top in terms of growth. The company expects to better its 2013-14 performance (16 per cent) this fiscal. Wipro, which gives quarterly guidance, is expected to project for 3-5 per cent sequential dollar revenue growth in the December quarter, Nomura says.
8) What Infosys' new CEO will do to bring the company back to an industry level growth path will be closely watched. Barclays says the key investor focus will be on management commentary about the new strategic path of the company under Dr Sikka.
9) Any indications of likely return of cash to shareholders (dividend/buyback) would be taken positively. In August, former Infosys employees had written to the company urging the management to buy back shares worth Rs. 11,200 crore. Infosys had cash and cash equivalents of Rs. 25,000 crore as of June 30, 2014. ( Read the full story here )
10) Infosys shares fell sharply yesterday (4.7 per cent) after Citi downgraded the stock citing nearly 15 per cent run up in the past three months. Infosys' performance, till Tuesday, was in line with the IT sub-index on the BSE. However, analysts expect sharp volatility in Infosys shares if earnings don't meet Street expectations. ( Read )
Infosys shares closed 0.13 per cent lower at Rs 3,645.55 as compared to a 0.07 per cent gain in the broader BSE IT benchmark. ( Track stock )
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 15:51 (IST)

Maharashtra  Haryana polls to decide Delhi s fateEYE BROWSE
Delhi's fate hinges on state poll results
BJP insiders claimed there were chances that Delhi may not go to the polls any time soon if the results in Haryana and Maharashtra were not in line with the party's projections.
By Kumar Vikram | Mail Today –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: THE OUTCOME of the Assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana will decide the fate of the Delhi Assembly, which has been in suspended animation since February.
The BJP, which is fighting the upcoming polls in two states under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will take a call about elections in Delhi only after the results of the state polls are announced on October 19.
BJP insiders claimed there were chances that Delhi may not go to the polls any time soon if the results in Haryana and Maharashtra were not in line with the party's projections.
"A lot depends on the state poll results. The party is hopeful of getting the maximum number of seats among all the major parties in Maharashtra. In Haryana too, the BJP will be in a better position. If things happens as per our expectations, then there is a probability of assembly polls in Delhi as well," said one insider.
In both states, the BJP has not projected any leader as the prospective chief minister and is banking on "Modi magic". Senior leaders believe Modi's appeal will work and this will be reflected in the results of assembly polls.
"In Delhi as well, the party does not have any face to bank on except Modi. There are many in the race to become the chief minister here, but the election can't be contested on those names. Only Modi magic can lead the party to victory in Delhi because AAP has once again become active on the ground," said a BJP leader.
A lot of deliberations have already been held within the BJP on whether a government should be formed in the given political situation in Delhi.
While Modi will take the final call on the fate of the Delhi government, there is a section of leadership that is in favour of forming the government.
On the other hand, another section of the BJP's leadership believes that a government cannot be formed with the party's given strength and the BJP should seek a fresh mandate.
These leaders are of the view that any attempt to form the government will send a wrong signal to voters as the BJP had turned down the Lieutenant Governor's invitation despite being the single largest party in the Delhi Assembly.
In the prevailing situation, the BJP cannot form government on its own in Delhi. The party's strength in the Delhi Assembly was reduced to 28 after three of its MLAs - Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pravesh Verma - were elected to the Lok Sabha. With the backing of the lone member of the Akali Dal, the BJP enjoys the support of 29 lawmakers in the Delhi assembly.
Thus, the BJP will have to engineer defections or desertions in the Congress or the AAP in order to form government.
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

Rupee rises most in two months on dollar saleRupee sees biggest single-day gain in nearly two months
Swati Bhat     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 per cent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since September 23.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since August 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 per cent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.

Tyeb Mehta fetches Rs 11 crore at Sotheby s India auctionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigns for candidate with criminal taintModi campaigns for candidate with criminal taint in Maharashtra
Yogesh Joshi , Hindustan Times  Pune, October 09, 2014
First Published: 20:50 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigned for a controversial Bharatiya Janata Party candidate on Thursday, asking people gathered at a rally in Maharashtra’s Rahuri city to re-elect the local legislator who faces a dozen criminal charges, including that of murder and extortion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares dais with Shivaji Kardile (extreme right - in white cap) at a public rally in Rahuri of Ahmednagar district. (HT Photo)
The Prime Minister’s support to Shivaji Kardile, ironically, came in a speech exhorting the public to shun tainted politicians of rivals Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
“If they want (you) to vacate houses or shops, the bahubali (strongman) comes to your doorstep. The time has come to send these bahubalis to jail,” Modi said, blaming the Cong-NCP combine, which was in an alliance until recently, for ‘encouraging criminalisation of politics”.
Maharashtra goes to polls on October 15 to elect a new state government.
The BJP nominee Kardile, who was on the stage with Modi on Thursday, spent a year behind bars in 2002 for his role in the district cooperative bank scam. In 2011, he was booked for murder and subsequently for criminal intimidation, forgery and attempted murder in other cases.
“All these cases against me have been slapped by my rivals to defame me. The rivals may have been making it an issue but the people of my constituency are with me,” Kardile said in his defence.
Thursday’s campaign rally was not the first instance of the PM seeking votes for a tainted candidate. On Tuesday, he shared stage with Anil Gote, an accused in the multi-crore Telgi scam.
The BJP’s rivals are increasingly accusing it of nominating persons with criminal background. Out of the 55 people the party has poached from its rivals ahead of the Maharashtra assembly polls, three face criminal charges.

After Jaitley warns against border adventurism  Pak says it can give India  befitting  replyAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

Four TDP legislators likely to join TRSFour TDP legislators likely to join TRS
Our Bureau
TDP MLA T Srinivas Yadav hugs TRS legislator R Balakisha. PV SIVAKUMAR
Hyderabad, October 9:  
The ruling Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), which has won the maiden polls in Telangana with a wafer thin margin, is in the process of attracting legislators from other political parties. The capital city was agog with news that four out of 15 legislators of Telugu Desam Party will join the ruling party.
Prominent among them were former Minister and TDP’s City Union President T Srinivasa Yadav and former Mayor T Krishna Reddy. Another two legislators too are expected to follow suit. The TDP, however, was quick to deny the reports.
The Opposition parties are calling the TRS efforts as ‘Operation Aakarsh’, a strategy once mastered by former Congress leader YS Rajasekhara Reddy.
Strategy
The TRS had won 63 seats in a House of 119 seats. Within a few weeks of assuming power, the party attracted two legislators from Congress, two from BSP and one from YSR Congress Party, taking the tally to 68.
TRS’s strategy is to weaken the Opposition and strengthen its presence in places where it is weak. Its base in the State capital and Khammam was too weak before elections.
Poaching leaders
TRS President K Chandrasekhara Rao had made some quick moves in attracting leaders from other parties. He could convince Tummala Nageshwara Rao, once a trouble shooter for TDP President N Chandrababu Naidu, to join the TRS. This gave him significant gains in Khammam, a stronghold of TDP and Left parties. The TDP, which won 15 seats that mostly represented Seemandhra voters, would be left with 11 legislators, dealing a big blow to Chandrababu’s plan to regain lost glory in Telangana.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Tax benefits in SEZ: manpower transfer limit raised for IT firmsWelcome move A file picture of an IT SEZ in Hyderabad. The Nasscom has welcomed the Government's move.
The cap has been raised from 20% to 50% of staff transferred
New Delhi, October 9:  
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has raised the limit for transferring technical manpower from existing units to a new unit in a Special Economic Zone (SEZ), a move that will benefit the software industry.
“It has now been decided that the new transfer or re-deployment of technical manpower from existing unit(s) to a new unit located in SEZ, in the first year of commencement of business, shall not be construed as splitting up or reconstruction of an existing business, provided the number of technical manpower so transferred as at the end of the financial year does not exceed 50 per cent of the total technical manpower actually engaged in development of software or IT enabled products in the new unit,” a CBDT circular said. Earlier, the limit was 20 per cent.
Further, if the company is able to prove that that the net addition of the new technical manpower in all units of the said firm is at least equal to the number that represents 50 per cent of the total technical manpower of the new SEZ unit during such previous year, deduction would not be denied, said the circular.
The board revised the limit after receiving representations from the industry, which said that the 20 per cent limit was inadequate and restrictive since it impacts the competitiveness of Indian software industry in global market in terms of quality of product and delivery timelines. “Global competitiveness can be ensured only when highly skilled and experienced manpower is deployed for software development,” it said. The industry requested to enhance the limit in line with the recommendations of the Rangachary Committee, which was set up to review the taxation of the IT sector and Development Centres.
Welcoming the move, the software industry body Nasscom said the circular allows the flexibility to account for the total manpower at the enterprise as-well-as unit level, which is a great step to ease the technicalities involved in the process. “The decision to not apply the ruling to cases which have completed assessment is also a great help to the industry. This is a great step forward by the Government and we are hopeful that other such matters which have been long up for discussion are taken up and worked towards achieving swift closures,” it said.
Echoing similar sentiments, Rajiv Chugh, tax partner, EY, said the Rangachary Committee, formed by the Government, has come to certain conclusions after taking into consideration the views of CBDT and a cross-section of the IT industry that up to 50 per cent of manpower can be considered fungible within units and tax holiday should not be denied.
“This re-clarification is a welcome step and reflects the progressive thinking of the new leadership, which is able to adapt itself to the business nuances and make positive changes for the well-being of the IT sector,” he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

WRDA stresses on the need for scientific warehousesWRDA stresses on the need for scientific warehouses
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, October 9:  
The Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA) is organising a series of awareness programmes for farmers and other stakeholders such as banks to popularise the procedures for accreditation of warehouses and promote pledge financing against negotiable warehouse receipts.
At one such programme organised by Nabard in Coimbatore, WDRA Chairman Dinesh Rai emphasised the need for making scientific storage facilities available to farmers to enable them avoid distress sale and realise better price for their produce.
R Inigo Arul Selvan, Assistant General Manager, Nabard, said that the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and the Warehousing Infrastructure Fund operated through Nabard supports construction of warehouses in the State.
The Primary Agricultural Cooperative Societies, Cooperative Marketing Societies, TN Civil Supplies Corporation, State Agricultural Marketing Board and State Warehousing Corporation have constructed warehouses and increased their storage capacity with the support of Nabard in the last two-three years, he said.
Small godowns
The Managing Director of Coimbatore District Central Cooperative Bank Ramakrishnan said that steps were being taken for accrediting the large number of small godowns maintained by the PACS, so these godowns can issue negotiable warehouse receipts (NWR). He further said that pledge financing for small and marginal farmers against these NWRs could be issued at 7 per cent.
Banks meanwhile, have indicated their willingness to extend credit both for construction of warehouse and pledge financing against NWRs.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Cruise planned for TN destinationsCruise planned for TN destinations
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, October 9:  
A passenger cruise service connecting Ennore in north Chennai with tourist destinations such as Mahabalipuram, Puducherry, Kanyakumari and Rameswaram is being conceptualised, according to MA Bhaskarachar, Chairman and Managing Director, Kamarajar Port Ltd.
The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation too has shown interest in the cruise service, he said at the inaugural session of a two-day conference on ‘Approach to Integrated Maritime Systems’ (AIMS) organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (Southern Region) in association with the National Maritime Foundation.
The idea germinated from the Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari asking major ports to look at cruise shipping to decongest the roads. KPL will shortly call for expression of interest to identify companies that can operate the cruise, he told BusinessLine.
Bhaskarachar said KPL has entered into an agreement with the Puducherry Government to develop a port there. A special purpose vehicle will be formed to develop the port that will have two or three berths to handle clean cargo, containers and cruise vessels. While the government will provide land, KPL will invest in port development, he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Reviving manufacturing: India Inc told to give 10 actionable suggestionsMake in India: (From left) Shaktikanta Das, Revenue Secretary, Sunil Kanoria, President elect, Assocham, and K . Chowdary, Chairman, CBDT, during the 11th International Tax Conference, in New Delhi on Thursday. - V SUDERSHAN
New Delhi, October 9:  
India Inc should come up with 10 “actionable and specific” suggestions that the Revenue Department could examine for making India a manufacturing hub for the global business community, a top Revenue Department official has said.
Asserting that the Revenue Department was committed to “actualising” the concept of “Make in India”, Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das said industry should play a constructive role on this front.
“It is not enough just to say that we need Government policies for job creation, skill development and non-adversarial approach in taxation. We are looking at actionable suggestions from you (industry),” Das said in his inaugural address at Assocham’s 11th international tax conference here on Thursday.
He urged corporates to keep aside the seven-eight high-profile tax litigation cases and move ahead in a spirit of cooperation and partnership.
The Revenue Secretary also said that incentivising manufacturing need not necessarily mean providing fiscal incentives to pep up industrial activity. There are fiscal constraints and the Government has to do a tough balancing act, he said. Das said there was a need to move away from the business of aggressive tax planning (by businesses) and aggressive assessments (by tax departments).
The Government is focused on making the tax environment more business-friendly, have a transparent and predictable tax system with clarity in tax laws, he added.
In recent years, there has been a trust deficit between the Government and the corporate sector on the tax administration front, thanks to high-profile cases such as Vodafone, Shell India and Nokia India.
On its part, the Tax Department is alleged to have adopted aggressive transfer pricing adjustments, resulting in huge demand on multinational enterprises with business connection in India.
The number of transfer pricing disputes and the quantum of transfer pricing adjustments have been increasing disproportionately in the recent years, leading to dampening of business sentiment and lower investor confidence.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Entrepreneurial confidence on the rise‘Entrepreneurial confidence on the rise’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, October 9:  
The ‘Make in India’ campaign and recent thrust on start-ups will raise the entrepreneurial confidence levels in the country, said PM Mathew, Director, Institute of Small Enterprises and Development (ISED).
He was briefing mediapersons on the forthcoming ‘India Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise (MSME) Report 2014’ and its findings here. The 18th report in this annual series of the ISED will be launched in Ahmedabad on October 11.
Hosted by the Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), in association with the Government of Gujarat, the ISED Report will be released by Gujarat Finance Minister Saurabhbhai Patel.
India MSME Report, a comprehensive annual record on MSMEs, is being brought out by the Institute’s knowledge platform, the ISED Small Enterprise Observatory (ISED-SEO). The Kochi-based think tank has advisory and consultative roles with various Union Ministries and UN agencies.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sunanda case may be re-opened after fresh poison twistComments
The Delhi Police have been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following two fresh forensic reports that point to the presence of poison in her viscera and also say that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal.
The Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS have submitted their reports to the police with a request that the case be re-opened, highly placed police sources told HT on Thursday.
However, senior officers privy to the “informal communication” said both reports were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture” and that they were yet to take a call on their course of action.
Who's lying on Sunanda autopsy: AIIMS or doc?
The FSL wrote to the police first, around 20 days ago, the sources said. “The communication was mainly based on an analysis of Pushkar’s viscera,” said a senior police officer. “According to FSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning.”
Opinion of the medical board from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/HJkHI7pIzq
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
List of undetectable poisons from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/aUrhto2dnT
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
The FSL is also understood to have written to AIIMS, which then conducted its own examination of the viscera and forwarded a 12-page report to the police. AIIMS confirmed it had sent a report to the police but refused to go into details.
“The AIIMS report just reiterated the results forwarded to us by FSL. All it said was that Pushkar could not have died of an Alprax overdose,” said an officer, adding, “At the same time, both communications failed to specify the nature of poison that they claimed led to her death.”
Sunanda Pushkar's death: Tharoor demands speedy probe to end speculation
 
Pushkar, 52, was found dead in her suite at the Leela Palace hotel on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with a Pakistani journalist over the latter’s alleged affair with her husband, former Union minister Shashi Tharoor.
In July, Tharoor had sought a speedy inquiry for a “clear and definitive conclusion” to the death of his wife in the wake of reported claims by a senior forensic doctor at AIIMS that he was pressured to manipulate the autopsy report.
Medical board questions police investigation in 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/BSZueTwBDR

Jayalalithaa moves SC for bail on medical groundsJayalalithaa moves SC for bail on medical grounds
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 18:14 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:08 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday moved the Supreme Court for bail on medical grounds saying her health condition did not permit her to remain in jail for long.
The Karnataka high court had on October 7 declined bail to AIADMK supremo who is facing a four-year jail term in a corruption case. She has sought an urgent hearing before the SC and her bail plea is likely to be mentioned on Friday.
Sources said a battery of senior advocates including Harish Salve and KK Venugopal may appear for her before the top court. Her counsel before the HC, senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani would continue to represent her.  
Jayalalithaa (66) is in jail for 12 days. She had said as chief minister she did not misuse her powers in this case. The former CM also cited grounds of being senior citizen and a woman for getting out of jail.
She has sought bail on grounds of parity too, citing the SC order granting bail to former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad.
Furthermore, Jayalalitha said she cannot be kept in jail indefinitely as her appeal proceedings in the HC would take a long time.
She denied misusing her powers as the Chief Minister and found fault with the trial court conviction order saying it had ignored the true facts of the case. Besides punishment, she was also slapped a fine of Rs. 100 crore on the AIADMK chief and Rs. 10 crore fine each on the three other accused.
Jayalalitha was convicted of using the first of her three terms as Tamil Nadu CM to accumulate wealth. Her arrest had provoked AIADMK supporters who went into mass mourning and resorted to violent street demonstrations.
Her successor, TN CM O Panneerselvam urged the people to maintain calm. “The best way to show your love for Jayalalithaa is to stay calm,” said Panneerselvam.
The HC sentence forced Jayalalitha to step down as chief minister. This in due to a landmark SC ruling that ousts convicted law-makers from office.

Ahead of Sunday warning  Odisha  Andhra Pradesh brace for HudhudComments
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh stocked shelters with rations and planned mass evacuations on Thursday as the states stepped up their preparedness for a powerful cyclone that is likely to hit the southeastern coast at the weekend.
Cyclone Hudhud is moving in from the Bay of Bengal and is expected to develop into a severe storm, packing wind speeds of up to 140 kilometres per hour, before hitting the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud.
“We are stocking all the essential commodities,” said Vishakhapatnam district collector N Yuvaraj.
“We are assessing the probable habitations which are to be evacuated. We have also warned fishermen not to venture out to sea, and are sending communication to those already out there to return to the coast.”
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu reviewed preparations with district officials while chief secretary IYR Krishna Rao directed district collectors to evacuate people from low-lying areas.
The weather office suggested suspension of fishing operations as the sea is likely to be rough off the cost of Andhra Pradesh where Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts are likely to bear the brunt of the storm.
Mobile service providers have sent messages to people in Telugu warning them of the cyclone.
The state is also in touch with the army and the air force, while four National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams have been sent to the Andhra coast.
Weather officials said the cyclone could skip Odisha, but the state was not taking chances.
More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready while 10 teams of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight NDRF teams were deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a meeting with senior officials on Thursday to review the preparations.
“I reviewed the contingency plan of important departments like water resources, energy, food and civil supplies and works. Tomorrow, according to routine programme, there will be mock drill in cyclone shelters,” Patnaik said.
Cyclone Phailin struck Odisha last year, causing damage to houses and property but timely evacuation by the government minimised the loss of lives.

YPF chief says oil group back on global stageSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Microsoft CEO: Women Don t Need to Ask for RaiseKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Federal Bank attractive at current level: Kotak Institutional EquitiesFederal Bank attractive at current level: Kotak Institutional Equities
ONGC Videsh Limited looking to buy into two Siberian blocks to boost asset baseONGC Videsh Limited looking to buy into two Siberian blocks to boost asset base
Siddhartha P Saikia | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 10 2014, 05:16  IST
Oct 10 2014, 05:16  IST
 

Argentina to strengthen health system to deal with EbolaArgentina to strengthen health system to deal with Ebola
Vodafone writes for immediate spectrum allocationVodafone writes for immediate spectrum allocation
BJP  Shiv Sena became arrogant in Maharashtra  will suffer due to break-up  says BJP MP Chopra14
0
Karnal: The Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena break-up in Maharashtra will hurt both the parties, according to BJP members. BJP MP from Karnal Ashwini Kumar Chopra said, "Both parties will suffer in the polls. There can be a hung Assembly too in Maharashtra."
The BJP and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year-old alliance as both of them were adamant on the number of seats they wanted to contest in the Maharashtra Assembly polls. The Shiv Sena was stuck to its 150 seats demand and the BJP on 130 out of 288.
Even after a series of discussions and negotiations, both the parties failed to reach any consensus. Chopra said he was unhappy over the breaking of the alliance.
On allegations that the success of the Lok Sabha polls went to their heads, Chopra said, "Both parties became arrogant."
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana ground report #ground report
On allegations that the success of the Lok Sabha polls went to their heads, Chopra said, "Both parties became arrogant."
Even the last seat-sharing proposal sent by Sena in which it gave 130 seats to BJP, seven to other allies and kept 151 for itself was rejected by the BJP.
In the October 15 elections, Maharashtra will see a multi-cornered fight.
After Shiv Sena and BJP parted ways, the Nationalist Congress Party and Congress also broke their 15-year-old alliance reducing the Prithviraj Chavan government into minority. The state is presently under the President's Rule.
Ever since the two parted ways, leaders of both the parties are not leaving any stone unturned to target each other.
114

BJP s real test is Haryana Assembly election  says party MP from KarnalOct 10, 2014 at  08:22am IST
BJP's real test is Haryana Assembly election, says party MP from Karnal
10
0
Karnal: As Haryana goes to polls on October 15, Karnal MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra visited his constituency on Thursday to campaign for his Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Manohar Lal Khattar. Backing Khattar, Chopra said that he is a strong and honest candidate.
Chopra rejected the claim that Khattar is an outsider saying, "Even I was an outsider for this constituency but people accepted me, loved me and gave me 6 lakh votes. I am sure that people will accept Khattar too."
As Khattar is not from Karnal, the Congress is playing the outsider card. According to Congress candidate Surendra Singh Narwal, Khattar is an outsider. "Even people at Modi's rally in Karnal shouted slogans 'Bahari bhagao, Karnal bachao' (Send the outsider back home, save Karnal), Narwal said.
"Even I was an outsider for this constituency but people accepted me, loved me and gave me 6 lakh votes. I am sure that people will accept Khattar too," Chopra said.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana ground report #ground report
Before joining the BJP, Khattar worked as an RSS worker for almost 45 years. Praising Khattar, Chopra said, "He is a very good candidate. He is strong, honest and wants to do something for the society."
In Karnal, the BJP is trying to garner votes in the name of Prime Minister Narnedra Modi and there are huge posters, hoardings and even the message sent across the constituency highlights Modi.
When questioned why the candidate is not being highlighted, Chopra said, "The Modi wave is still on. There are so many regional factors and circumstances in Haryana have also changed. The Assembly polls are going to be a real test for the BJP."
When asked about the controversial remarks by Khattar wherein he said that girls should wear 'decent' clothes, Chopra said, "It is a modern time and girls are free to wear whatever they want. At the age of 65, people become a little orthodox."
Even though Modi said that no ticket will be given to the relative of any leader, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj's sister Vandana Sharma managed to get one from Safidon. When asked about the change in the stand within the party, Chopra refused to comment.
0

Haryana Assembly elections 2014: The key players in Karnal7
0
Karnal: Karnal has been a constituency dominated by the Punjabi community. Congress's Sumita Singh is the current MLA, but the competition is a tough three-way fight in this year's Assembly elections.
While the main battle will be fought between the Congress and the BJP, the INLD and an Independent candidate are giving them a close fight. Following are the key candidates in Karnal this Assembly elections:
Manoharlal Khattar, BJP: Even as rivals see Khattar as an outsider, he is being seen as the Chief Ministerial candidate within the BJP circles. Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi. Riding on the Modi wave, Khattar, a bachelor above the age of 60, is confident of winning the Karnal seat.
While the main battle will be fought between the Congress and the BJP, the INLD and an Independent candidate are giving them a close fight.
#haryana #haryana ground report #haryana assembly elections 2014 #karnal
Surender Singh Narwal, Congress: Narwal has been a rural leader in Karnal and is thus believed to be more aware of people's issues. Narwal is taking on his BJP rival head on, calling him an 'outsider' in Karnal with the slogan 'Apna Karnal, Apna Narwal'.
Jai Prakash Gupta, Independent: Gupta has been an experienced contestant in the race for Karnal. Gupta won Assembly polls twice on a Congress ticket and has also contested from the HJC and as an Independent. This year again, Gupta is being seen as a popular candidate and is fighting as an Independent.
Others: Manoj Wadhwa of the INLD and Tej Pal Garg of the HJC are also in the race for Karnal.
0

Pakistan under pressure to put an end to border firing  say sources; to hold high-level meeting today49
1
Jammu: As tensions along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir escalate, sources claim that after India's aggressive stand, the Nawaz Sharif government in Pakistan is under tremendous pressure to find a solution soon.
The Pakistani Prime Minister is scheduled to hold a high level meeting of the National Security Council on Friday to discuss the border situation and decide their next move.
The Pakistan Rangers apparently, did not expect the level of retaliation shown by the BSF. India's deployment at the International Border is also two times as that of Pakistan.
#pak dares india #pakistan #ceasefire violations #arun jaitley
However, Pakistan's Defence Minister Khawaja Asif claimed that their Army is fully capable of responding to any Indian aggression. He also added that Pakistan does not want to convert border tensions into a nuclear confrontation.
While India has been blaming Pakistan for aggression along the border, Pakistan's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Tasnim Aslam Khan strongly condemned the "unprovoked aggression of India against Pakistan both at LOC and International Border."
Tasnim claimed that Pakistan never started the violations on its own but "if there is aggression by India, we respond to it. We are already doing that and will continue. We did not start it so we will not stop it," she warned adding that if India continued with the firing, they too, will not stay silent.
However, as civilians continue to suffer on both sides, the question is whether Pakistan's security meet on Friday can provide a window to both sides to de-escalate the raging tension.
Earlier on Thursday, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley denied any possibility of talks with Pakistan until unprovoked firing by them is put to an end. Border Security Force Director General DK Pathak met the Home Secretary Anil Goswami on Thursday to discuss ceasefire violations.
BSF sources also say Pakistan started the firing soon after India defeated their team in Asiad Hockey recently.
Meanwhile, for the first time in ten days, it has been relatively calm along the International Border as no fresh incidents of heavy firing or shelling overnight were reported on Friday. However, intermittent light weapon fire has been reported from a few areas in Samba and RS Pura where a few BSF posts were targeted.
Pakistan started firing at Indian BSF outposts and border villages 8 days ago in which 8 people have died so far and more than 50 have been injured. The BSF and local administration have asked civilians to stay away from the border areas. It has provided buses to evacuate border villagers to safer places. Schools in Rajouri have also been shut.
51

MP to have separate dept for MSMEsMP to have separate dept for MSMEs
Sensex  Nifty May Fall Sharply amid Global SelloffYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty May Fall Sharply amid Global Selloff
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 08:53 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The Nifty and Sensex look set for sharp fall on Friday as global cues have turned negative. As of 8.15 a.m. Nifty futures trading on Singapore Stock Exchange were down 68 points, 0.85 per cent indicating sharp cuts in both the Nifty and the 30-share Sensex.
The fall comes a day after Indian stocks rallied sharply on hopes that the US will hold interest rates longer than expected. ( Read the full story here )
Asian markets traded with sharp cuts today. Japan's Nikkei traded 1 per cent lower. US markets sold off yesterday on lingering concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings. The S&P 500 index posted its largest percentage decline in six months (down 2.07 per cent). The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 1.97 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.02 per cent.
The selloff in the US market followed weak export data for Germany, Europe's largest economy which fell 5.8 per cent in August. This fall in export was the worst decline since January 2009.
Adding to market jitters, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned by a disconnect between the market's view of the Fed's rate hike path and the central bank's own view.
Expectations for a more dovish Fed had triggered a rally in stocks on Wednesday, but indexes wiped out all of those gains in Thursday's trading.
(With inputs from Reuters)

 Buy Berger Paints  Apollo Tyres Today: Sanjeev BhasinGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Indian markets are seeing high degree of volatility as 'greed & fear' dominate headlines. The Dow Jones having big up & down days on consecutive days. Asian cues being very weak expect Nifty to open almost 1% lower, however would expect strong local flows to match foreign selling & expect pull back in second half of the trading day.
Foreign flows continued to be negative mainly because of global dollar strength & redemption pressure from other collateral markets. Rupee had an excellent session yesterday & today would expect slight pull back.
For today we are suggesting 2 convictions buys which mainly benefit from falling crude prices with a 1 month holding period:
1) Buy Berger Paints@ Rs 410-Rs 414, target Rs 500
2) Buy Apollo Tyres @ Rs 210-Rs 215, target Rs 250
We also are carrying our previous trades as under;
1) Buy SBI @ Rs 2410-Rs 2425, stop loss Rs 2360, target Rs 2570
2) Buy PNB @ Rs 875-Rs 885, stop loss Rs 860, target Rs 925
3) Sell Dr. Reddy's Lab @ Rs 2965-Rs 2980, stop loss Rs 3040, target Rs 2865-Rs 2870
4) Sell Sun Pharma @ Rs 800-Rs 810, stop loss Rs 825, target Rs 730-35
We did meet all 3 targets on buy calls for IOC, HPCL & BPCL which gave returns of over 7% in 3 days.
We also hold our option "short strangle' on Bank Nifty as under:
Bank Nifty short strangles;
Sell Bank Nifty 16000 call @ Rs 150-Rs 155
Sell Bank Nifty 15000 put @ Rs 130-Rs 135
Total premium earned Rs 280-Rs 285
Look for reduction in volatility & buy around Rs 120-Rs 125 as time series plays out.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 07:48 (IST)

Bull s Eye: Buy Ashok Leyland  Havells India  Thomas CookOct 10, 2014, 08.23 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy Ashok Leyland, Havells India, Thomas Cook
AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor advises buying Havells India for a target price of Rs 298 and L&T Finance Holdings for a target price of Rs 75.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy Ashok Leyland, Havells India, Thomas Cook
AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor advises buying Havells India for a target price of Rs 298 and L&T Finance Holdings for a target price of Rs 75.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Paras Bothra, AK Prabhakar and Dharmesh Kant are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Paras Bothra, Ashika Stock Broking
Buy  Kesoram Industries for a target price of Rs 145 and keep a stoploss at Rs 127
Buy  Ashok Leyland for a target price of Rs 48 and keep a stoploss at Rs 44.50
Buy  VIP Industries for a target price of Rs 130 and keep a stoploss at Rs 113
Buy  Sadbhav Engineering for a target price of Rs 235 and keep a stoploss at Rs 215
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
AK Prabhakar, Independent Advisor
Buy  Havells India for a target price of Rs 298 and keep a stoploss at Rs 270
Buy  L&T Finance Holdings for a target price of Rs 75 and keep a stoploss at Rs 65.40
Buy  Sintex Industries for a target price of Rs 84 and keep a stoploss at Rs 73
Buy  Biocon for a target price of Rs 525 and keep a stoploss at Rs 484
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Dharmesh Kant, India Nivesh Securities
Buy  Ahmednagar Forgings for a target price of Rs 460 and keep a stoploss at Rs 405
Buy  Canara Bank for a target price of Rs 390 and keep a stoploss at Rs 360
Buy  Thomas Cook for a target price of Rs 160 and keep a stoploss at Rs 144
Buy  Amara Raja Batteries for a target price of Rs 640 and keep a stoploss at Rs 570
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for October 10Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for October 10
A technical bounce is likely. Thereafter Nifty shall trend downwards, thus, be cautious up till 11:00, says Ganesha.
Post your opinion here
By Shri Dharmesh Joshi of Ganeshaspeaks
Consider 10 minutes plus and minus in each prediction, and act accordingly.
Ganesha advises you to compare every prediction with the prediction of the previous time slot.
From today, a different strategy needs to be followed, which will have to be portfolio based.
Remain away from Call-put and Futures, else you may have to put money on the table.
Experts may give special tips in this month, but you may deal as per your strength only.
In the initial 30 minutes from the Opening, adopt a wait and watch strategy.
A technical bounce is likely. Thereafter Nifty shall trend downwards, thus, be cautious up till 11:00.
During 11:00 - 12.45, Nifty shall be positive.
The time period between 12.45 and 13.45 will be crucial, because it shall be quite a confusing, unpredictable and uneven time, wherein you may not understand what is going on. However, you may even be surprised, as there is a possibility that Nifty may reach a peak during this time.
During 13.45 - 15.30, Nifty may remain on a higher side. Thereafter, the time may pass by without much movement.
Shri Dharmesh Joshi is a protege of Bejan Daruwalla and belongs to the team of astrologers declared as official successors to his astrological legacy, by none other than Bejan Daruwalla himself, in an event in Mumbai on the 23rd Nov, 2009.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/astrologers on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

India approves projects for growth  alarming green groupsIndia approves projects for growth  alarming green groups
Markets to open lower  Infosys Q2 earnings in focusMarkets to open lower  Infosys Q2 earnings in focus
Asian Shares  Oil Prices Slide on Growth ConcernsAsian Shares  Oil Prices Slide on Growth Concerns
Huma Qureshi and Riteish Deshmukh at the Social Media Week  MumbaiHuma Qureshi and Riteish Deshmukh at the Social Media Week, Mumbai
Updated: September 30, 2014 3:29 pm
Related

The Walmart Wealth Gap Is Getting Much More Troublingreddit
This may be the starkest example of the widening income gap yet.
In order to equal the $145 billion fortune of the six wealthiest Walmart heirs, you’d need to combine the wealth of nearly 1.8 million median-income American households, according to a new analysis by the Economic Policy Institute, a left-leaning think tank.
That’s more than enough people to fill the entire city of Detroit . (By at least one estimate , the Walmart family could already buy every single home in Seattle).
Siblings Rob, Jim, Alice and Christy Walton are among the wealthiest Americans alive, behind Charles and David Koch, Oracle chairman Larry Ellison, Warren Buffett and Bill Gates. Though they rank lower on Forbes' list, their cousins Ann Walton Kroenke and Nancy Walton Laurie are also multi-billionaires.
The gap between the Waltons and everyone else used to be smaller. In 2007, the year before the Great Recession kicked off, the number of median-income households needed to equal the Waltons' wealth was just under 600,000.
For its report, EPI looked at the Federal Reserve’s triennial Survey of Consumer Finance for 2013 and Forbes magazine’s annual list of the 400 wealthiest Americans.
It's not just the Waltons, of course. The gap between the richest and the poorest is widening dramatically, according to EPI's research.
"The falling wealth of the median family (driven largely by the housing bubble burst) and the steadily rising wealth at the very top—including the Walton heirs—have combined to make the gap between them larger and larger over time," Josh Bivens, the research and policy director at EPI, wrote in a blog post on Friday morning.
Rising inequality may not be hurting the Walmart heirs, but it is pinching Walmart itself. The retailer, which relies significantly on customers using food stamps, has struggled as government funding for the program was cut and its customers have less to spend.
Kevin Thornton, a Walton Family Foundation spokesman, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story misspelled Kevin Thornton's last name. Language was also changed to reconcile the fact that the net wealth of the Walmart heirs is nearly that of 1.8 million median-income U.S. households, and that the total population of Detroit is 1.8 million individuals.
More:

If You Use Chase Bank  Watch Out For Email Scams Right NowIf You Use Chase Bank, Watch Out For Email Scams Right Now
Posted:
reddit
After disclosing that an attack on its computer system compromised the accounts of more than half of all U.S. households, the nation's biggest bank is trying to put customers' worries at ease.
No money or Social Security numbers were stolen in the attack, and the bank hasn't seen "any unusual customer fraud," JPMorgan said Thursday in a regulatory filing.
But the information that was compromised -- client names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses -- could still put customers at risk of identity theft, security experts say.
Hackers often use such information for so-called phishing attacks, in which fraudulent emails are sent to intended victims that appear to come from bank representatives. JPMorgan customers were targeted by such an attack as recently as August, when hackers sent bogus emails that prompted them to enter their account credentials and attempted to download malicious software onto their computers.
An email sent to Chase customers in a recent phishing scam. (Photo: Proofpoint Inc.)
It's unclear whether that scam is related to the JPMorgan attack, which started in June and was detected in July. But security experts said the information stolen in the breach could be valuable to thieves who want to trick victims into handing over account information.
The accessed information could allow hackers to tailor their email attacks more precisely. The hackers got ahold of internal bank information about whether customers were clients of Chase's mortgage, credit card or auto loan divisions, Chase spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau.
"If hackers know that all of these email addresses belong to Chase customers, they can take advantage of that," said Chester Wisniewski, a researcher at the security firm Sophos.
Stolen email addresses, he said, "can and will lead to identity theft."
Lemkau said that email phishing attacks are "the biggest risk" for customers affected by the breach, which includes anyone who has used one of Chase's websites or mobile apps.
The bank's website urged customers to be cautious of any communications that ask for their personal information.
"Don't click on links or download attachments in emails from unknown senders or other suspicious email," the bank's website said. "We will never ask you to enter your personal information in an email or text message."
Lemkau said customers don't need new debit or credit cards and don't need to change their passwords, because that information was not compromised. The bank said it is continuing to investigate the breach, and that customers should watch their accounts, as customers will not be liable for fraudulent transactions if they alert the bank promptly.
The JPMorgan breach is just the latest in a string of cyberattacks against major corporations that have exposed the personal information of millions of people. Last month, Home Depot said about 56 million customer debit and credit cards were put at risk after hackers broke into the company's payment systems. A cyberattack against Target last year compromised the credit card information of 40 million customers.
But Wisniewski said the JPMorgan attack is still more troubling. That hackers could find a way into  Wall Street's computer networks -- which are among the most secure networks in the American economy -- shows how sophisticated they have become, he said.
"The financial sector should be very concerned," Wisniewski said.
More:

Marriott Illegally Blocked People s Internet Access And Charged Them Up To $1 000 Insteadreddit
Hotels, beware: Blocking guests' access to Wi-Fi in order to force them to pay for your own costly Internet service is not a very nice thing to do. And, it turns out, it's not legal either.
The Federal Communications Commission announced Friday that it was fining Marriott International $600,000 for unlawfully blocking customers' Wi-Fi access in a conference room at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel in Nashville, which is operated by the company.
According to a statement from the FCC, Marriott workers were using "Wi-Fi blocking technology" called jammers to prevent people at the hotel from using the Internet via their own personal Wi-Fi networks they established with smartphones or mobile Wi-Fi devices. Meanwhile, the hotel was charging $250 to $1,000 per device to connect to its wireless network in its conference facility.
"It is unacceptable for any hotel to intentionally disable personal hotspots while also charging customers and small businesses high fees to use the hotel's own Wi-Fi network," said FCC Enforcement Bureau Chief Travis LeBlanc in a statement. "This practice puts customers in the untenable position of either paying twice for the same service or forgoing Internet access altogether."
How does a hotel block Wi-Fi in the first place? The FCC defines Wi-Fi jammers as "illegal radio frequency transmitters that are designed to block, jam, or otherwise interfere with authorized radio communications." Marriott was using these jammers to block people's personal Wi-Fi hotspots.
Though the FCC is telling Marriott to stop the Wi-Fi blocking, the hotel chain maintains that what it was doing wasn't illegal.
"Like many other institutions and companies in a wide variety of industries, including hospitals and universities, the Gaylord Opryland protected its Wi-Fi network by using FCC-authorized equipment provided by well-known, reputable manufacturers," a Marriott spokesperson said in a statement emailed to The Huffington Post. "We believe that the Opryland's actions were lawful."
More:

Put idle gold stock to use  cut down imports: WGCWGC also suggested the government launch ‘Karigar welfare scheme’ towards skill development and training of artisans. (Source: Reuters)
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:09 am
India, the world’s largest gold consumer, should put to use the estimated 22,000 tonnes of gold lying idle with households and temples, according to the World Gold Council (WGC).
This would help lower the country’s dependence on imports and can, instead, help a five-folds increase in jewellery exports to top levels of $40 billion by 2020, up from the current $8 billion.
This should also help in the creation of 5 million new jobs across the gold value chain — manufacturing, retailing, assaying and recycling areas, it added.
“Our vision for gold is that it should be put to work for the economy, creating jobs, developing skills, generating exports and revenues — an essential part of the financial, economic and social structure of the country,” WGC said in its Vision 2020 for the country.
WGC said that the country should meet 40 per cent of gold demand from its domestic stocks and the rest 60 per cent through imports and mining.
That apart, India should target 75 per cent of gold sold to be standardised and hallmarked in the next five years. It should also provide higher loan to value ratio for hallmarked jewellery and ensure mandatory hallmarking for pieces above a designated selling price, WGC said.
WGC also suggested the government launch ‘Karigar welfare scheme’ towards skill development and training of artisans and promotion of a ‘gold tourism’ circuit, showcasing handcrafted Indian jewellery.
“This vision is to outline objectives for the industry that address the savings habit underpinning gold demand, support value addition, increase employment opportunities and benefit the industry in an organised way without curbing supply or impacting the current account deficit,” the report said.
This will allow the gold trade to operate in a free and transparent manner for the benefit of millions of households and eventually lead to increased economic wealth for the nation, it added.
(With PTI Inputs)

JPMorgan hackers attacked 10 other financial firmsPrint
New York Times | Newyork | Posted: October 5, 2014 1:30 am
The huge cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase that touched more than 83 million households and businesses was one of the most serious computer intrusions into an American corporation. But it could have been much worse.
Questions over who the hackers are and the approach of their attack concern government and industry officials. Also troubling is that about nine other financial institutions — a number that has not been previously reported — were also infiltrated by the same group of overseas hackers, according to people briefed on the matter.
The hackers are thought to be operating from Russia and appear to have at least loose connections with officials of the Russian government, the people briefed on the matter said.
It is unclear whether the other intrusions, at banks and brokerage firms, were as deep as the one that JPMorgan disclosed on Thursday.
The identities of the other institutions could not be immediately learned.
The breadth of the attacks — and the lack of clarity about whether it was an effort to steal from accounts or to demonstrate that the hackers could penetrate even the best-protected American financial institutions — has left Washington intelligence officials and policy makers far more concerned than they have let on publicly. Some American officials speculate that the breach was intended to send a message to Wall Street and the United States about the vulnerability of the digital network of one of the world’s most important banking institutions.
“It could be in retaliation for the sanctions” placed on Russia, one senior official briefed on the intelligence said. “But it could be mixed motives — to steal if they can, or to sell whatever information they could glean.”
The JPMorgan hackers burrowed into the digital network of the bank and went down a path that gave them access to information about the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of account holders. They never made it into where the more critical financial information and personal information are stored.
The bank’s security team, which first discovered the attack in late July, managed to block the hackers before they could compromise the most sensitive information about tens of millions of JPMorgan customers, said several security experts and others briefed on the matter. The attack was not completely halted until the middle of August and it was only in recent days that the bank began to tally its full extent.
American officials say they have been working with JPMorgan since the intrusion was detected, chiefly through the Treasury, the Secret Service and intelligence agencies that seek to find the source of the attacks. But that is slow work and one official cautioned against leaping to conclusions about the identities or the motives of the attackers. “We’ve been wrong before,” he said.
JPMorgan, the nation’s largest bank, has begun contacting customers and making clear that no money was taken from any accounts. There has been no evidence of any fraudulent use of customer information. The hackers ended up with the addresses, email addresses and phone numbers of everyone who logged into JPMorgan’s websites continued…

Stock markets gain  investor wealth zooms over Rs 23 lakh crore this yearBIndian markets have seen smart gains this year helped by robust foreign fund inflows. (Reuters)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 6, 2014 5:14 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 5:21 pm
Stock market investors have become richer by over Rs 23.33 lakh crore so far this year, as 25.49 per cent rally in the benchmark Sensex has helped the total valuation of all the BSE listed firms reach close to Rs 94 lakh crore.
In contrast, investors’ wealth had surged by over Rs 1 lakh crore to Rs 70,44,431 crore in 2013.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE listed companies stands at Rs 93,77,672 crore, about Rs 6.22 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
The Sensex has gained 25.49 per cent from December 31 to October 1 and touched its life-time high of 27,319.85 on September 8.
Positive investor sentiment following the formation of new government at the Centre and strong foreign fund inflows have been driving the domestic equity markets, experts said.
“The undercurrent of the stock market is bullish although stocks are currently in the consolidation phase and buying may resume in the days to come,” said an equities expert.
Marketmen have maintained that the surge in investor wealth is also due to continued rise in listed firms. The total number of listed companies stands at 5,485.
Sensex blue-chip companies whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, Coal India, HDFC Bank, SBI, Sun Pharma, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Bharti Airtel, HUL, Wipro, Tata Motors, L&T and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,43,684.13 crore.
Indian markets have seen smart gains this year helped by robust foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net of Rs 83,438 crore (USD 14 billion) in the stock markets, while they have invested a net of Rs 1.18 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 19.6 billion).

As fuel price gap narrows  petrol cars offer better cost advantagePrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | Posted: October 6, 2014 12:08 am
Following a series of fuel price cuts as a result of softening global crude oil prices, the state-owned oil marketing companies announced a 65 paise cut in the price of petrol while keeping the diesel rates untouched and thereby narrowed the gap between diesel and petrol prices down to Rs 8.89 a litre from over Rs 20 per litre in January 2013.
In line with the changing dynamics of the fuel prices, the Indian automobile industry witnessed a big shift in customer preference from petrol cars to diesel cars and vice-versa.
If the preference was heavily tilted in favour of diesel cars till a few months ago, the tide now seems to have turned in favour of petrol cars after a series of monthly hikes in diesel prices beginning January 2013.
The gap between diesel and petrol prices which stood at almost 45 per cent in early 2013 has now narrowed down to 15 per cent, forcing the car buyers to think whether it makes sense to pay the additional capital of Rs 1 lakh to buy the diesel variant of the car.
While prospective customers may be looking for advice on whether they should go for a petrol or diesel car based on their average monthly running, Express Money does the exercise to make it easier for you to decide which car you should pick.
In order to arrive at a purchase decision, we looked into the two most important aspects — the capital outgo (the equated monthly installment on the two fuel variants of the same car model) and the running cost (respective fuel expense for the two car variants at various levels of monthly running).
Should you SETTLE  for a diesel car?
With diesel prices cheaper by over 40 per cent than petrol, it was a no-brainer to go for the diesel car till a year ago. However, today, with the price advantage that diesel offered fast eroding, the odds are stacked more in favour of petrol cars unless your monthly run on the car is more than 2,300-2400 km.
Since petrol variants of the same car model are priced roughly Rs 1 lakh cheaper than their diesel variant, car buyers must check their saving in terms of monthly EMI if they buy a petrol car and compare that expense with the saving on running cost.
In case of Maruti Suzuki DZire the petrol variant (VXI) is cheaper than the diesel variant (VDI) by  Rs 1,07,330 and therefore the EMI on a 5-year loan at 11 per cent rate of interest for a diesel car is higher by 2,334 (considering a constant down payment).
In case of Hyundai Verna SX the ex-showroom price of the diesel variant in New Delhi is higher by Rs 1,18,139 and in this case the EMI for a diesel car would be higher by Rs 2,568.
Going ahead with the example of Maruti DZire, once the EMI expense is ascertained, one must now check the average monthly run on the car and arrive at monthly fuel expense by taking into account the car continued…

Bitcoin Plunged Nearly 20 Percent This Weekendreddit
The value of Bitcoin plummeted nearly 20 percent over the weekend.
The cryptocurrency was trading around $286 -- its lowest price of the year -- on Sunday but rallied back to roughly $325 Monday morning. Prices are down 73 percent from an all-time high of $1,147 hit on December 4, 2013, according to CNBC.
Over the last year and a half, Bitcoin has traded on average at $337, according to Coin Desk , a Bitcoin news organization.
Some Bitcoin supporters argue that the currency is bound to fluctuate wildly in price until its broader adoption but others are nervous about a potential crash. Bitcoin has gained significant traction recently  as merchants like PayPal, Expedia and Overstock have begun accepting the digital currency.
"I think the price is really irrelevant to the technology," David Moskowitz, director of Bitcoin trading firm Coin Republic, told CNBC . "Obviously it hurts investors when the price goes down but most people who are buyers are in it as long term investors and can withstand the short term gyrations."
But this hasn't stopped many in the Bitcoin community from fretting over the currency's recent roller coaster ride.
"As the price is going down, some of us are under immense psychological stress," a Reddit user posted on Sunday, according to the New York Times. "Please share how you cope with it."
More:

The North And South Are Seriously Divided When It Comes To Fast Foodreddit
Regional differences permeate many aspects of American life, from speech patterns to sports loyalties to smoking rates . This new map allows us to visualize another great American divide: Proximity to the country's most iconic slider burger chains, White Castle and Krystal.
The map, created by geospatial information scientist Matt Wingard , shows whether you're closer to a White Castle or a Krystal restaurant based on your location in the eastern U.S. (neither chain has restaurants in the West). Wingard built the map by plotting the location of every restaurant and performing a Euclidean distance analysis to determine which restaurant is closer, for any given spot on the map.
Wingard told The Huffington Post that he wanted the map to "to quantify southernness (or lack thereof)" for the areas it covers.
Which chain is superior for Wingard, who has lived in both the North and the South?
"Krystal -– for no particular reason other than it is Southern like me," said Wingard.
Here's the North versus South divide over tiny square burgers:
More:

RBI may push rate cut till fiscal-end on base effect woesRetail inflation may shoot up to 8% by March 2015.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 2:37 am
The easing of headline inflation notwithstanding, the central bank is unlikely to abandon its anti-inflationary stance in a hurry.
This is because the ‘base effect’, which has had a strong impact on the inflation outcome during FY14 and is a determining factor in the slide in inflation during the current fiscal as well, is unlikely to wear off conclusively until March 2015. As a result, the CPI (Consumer Price Index) may climb back to around the 8 per cent mark by the end of this fiscal (March 2015), despite the tempering of food prices expected in the next couple of months. Against this backdrop, the RBI is expected to keep the repo rate unchanged until early next fiscal, by when any lasting improvement in the inflation outlook is expected.
Base effect refers to the contribution to changes in the annual rate of inflation from unusual or extreme changes in the price index (or sub-index) during the base period — i.e. the inflation rate during the same month a year ago. So, if inflation was high in the same month last year, then even a spike in prices in the corresponding month this year might appear benign, and vice versa. CPI inflation for August 2014 had declined to 7.8 per cent and, according to Nomura Financial Advisory Services, is expected to ease to 7 per cent when data for September 2014 comes in.
Short-term year-on-year inflation forecasts are fundamentally influenced by the base effect and, according to fresh RBI estimates, favourable base effects are expected to dampen headline inflation over September-November 2014, aided by a moderation in momentum as vegetable prices come off their recent peak.
However, headline inflation, during December 2014-February 2015, are projected to surge sharply as they will “likely be significantly influenced by unfavourable base effects arising out of the sharp fall in month-on-month changes in prices during the base period”.
This, despite a possible subdued momentum from a seasonal softening of vegetable prices, would result in “an upturn in inflation during December 2014-February 2015”.
The base effect is expected to wear off only by early next fiscal. According to the central bank, “monetary policy in disinflationary mode, along with normal monsoons next year could then mute the momentum of headline inflation”.
In its latest policy review on September 30, the RBI had stuck to its neutral tone and extended its status quo on the benchmark rates, despite the CPI inflation trajectory appearing to be on track to meet the early-2015 target of 8 per cent.
The markets, however, have continued to build rate cut expectations, even as the RBI signaled its reluctance to lower rates by shifting focus to the early-2016 target of 6 per cent, after the 8 per cent target appeared within grasp.

Let us export  youll benefit as well: Cairn IndiaPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 12:20 am | Updated: October 7, 2014 6:02 am
Cairn India, part of the $11-billion Vedanta Group, has asked the petroleum ministry to allow it to export its crude instead of selling it at a $12-per-barrel discount. According to the $3-billion Cairn India, this will fetch the government around R2,800 crore extra per year and can even go up to R5,289 crore in a full year — this does not include the dividends earned by its PSU partner ONGC which holds a 30% stake in the company.
Cairn has proposed it sell its crude at the international price and PSU refineries like Indian Oil be given the cheaper crude they import at the moment as a substitute. Cairn first made the proposal a year ago and is now making it again to new oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan.
Click here for graph
Cairn has presented the proposition as a win-win situation since the PSU oil refineries that get the discount do not have the refineries that enable them to extract more derivatives from its waxy crude — both Reliance Industries and Essar Oil, which get 80% of Cairn’s production at the PSU price, however, have new refineries that can get more produce. Cairn has got offers from various global refineries to buy the crude at around $12 per barrel more than what it gets at the moment.
The petroleum ministry is also to decide on extending Cairn’s Rajasthan lease which expires in 2020 and, if so, on what terms. According to Cairn, which shares around 80% of its profits with the government (Centre, Rajasthan and ONGC), the Rajasthan field, given up by Shell as not being viable in 2002, has enough oil/gas to be able to produce till 2040.
Under the production-sharing contract, if the field is an oil-producing one, a five-year extension can be granted and a 10-year extension for a a gas one. Cairn is looking for an extension even beyond this at the same terms it has today.
Cairn began production at the Rajasthan field in 2009 — it took over Shell’s field in 2002 and discovered Mangala in 2004 — and is already India’s second-largest producer at 10 million tonnes compared with ONGC’s 22.5 million tonnes.
According to Cairn, its current production of 2 lakh barrels per day can go up to 3 lakh barrels within three years if it finds the kind of oil its 2/3D surveys show. While Cairn had estimated there were 4.2 billion barrels of oil in place, 1.2 billion of which can be recovered — it has recovered 240 million so far — after the latest round of surveys, Cairn is reasonably certain there is another 3 billion barrels of oil in the fields; this will take the oil in place to 7 billion barrels. In addition, there is a possibility this could go up another 3 billion barrels. Cairn will have done its drilling in another six months and will have firm results after that.
Cairn has spent $4.5 billion in developing the Rajasthan fields and according to the capex plan it has submitted, it continued…

BSE sensex tumbles to 2-mth low; down 296 ptsAfter opening 137 points lower, the 30-share index continued its slide to touch the day's low of 26,250.24 before ending the day at almost two-month low of 26,271.97. (Reuters)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 7, 2014 4:46 pm
BSE benchmark Sensex today plunged 296 points to close at nearly two-month low due to widespread losses in metal, healthcare, consumer durables and capital goods sector stocks on capital outflows and retail investors ahead of earnings season amid a mixed trend overseas.
After opening 137 points lower, the 30-share index continued its slide to touch the day’s low of 26,250.24 before ending the day at almost two-month low of 26,271.97, a level not seen since August 14, registering a steep fall of 296.02 points or 1.11 per cent.
The gauge had lost 62.52 points in the previous session on October 1. Stock markets remained closed on October 2, 3 and 6 for Gandhi Jayanti, Dussehra and Id-Ul-Zuha, respectively.
FII/FPIs pulled out Rs 63.24 crore from domestic markets on October 1, according to exchange data.
Similarly, the broader-based NSE Nifty closed down by 93.15 points or 1.17 per cent at 7,852.40 after shuttling between 7,943.05 and 7,842.70.
Brokers said the sentiment dampened on foreign capital outflows and offloading of positions by retail investors ahead of the earnings season, with Infosys posting results later this week.
Of the 30 Sensex shares, 23 closed lower led by Hindalco (down 4.35 per cent), Sesa Sterlite (4.32 per cent) and Cipla (3.67 per cent), while NTPC, Gail and Tata Motors remained major gainers.
Globally, a mixed closing on the other Asian markets and a lower opening of the European stocks as a report showed German industrial production contracted the most in more than five years, also negatively impacted sentiment.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 63.24 crore last Wednesday as per the provisional data released by the stock exchanges.
Sector-wise, BSE metal index suffered the most by falling 2.65 per cent, followed by healthcare by 1.85 per cent. Captial goods index by 1.78 per cent, Consumer durables index by 1.72 per cent, Realy index 1.27 per cent, PSU index 1.20 per cent and Banking index 0.87 per cent.

AT&T Hacked By Its Own EmployeeAT&T Hacked By Its Own Employee
Reuters
Updated:
10/07/2014  8:59 am EDT
An employee may have gained access to 1,600 customers' personal information at AT&T. | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
(Reuters) - AT&T Inc
informed about 1,600 customers that an employee gained unauthorized access to their personal data in August, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters, the latest in a flurry of data breaches in recent months.
According to a letter posted on the website of the Attorney General of Vermont on Oct. 1, the company said the person may have obtained Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers and AT&T services customers subscribed to. (http://bit.ly/1s3mbnL)
Federal authorities have been notified regarding the incident, and the employee has since been fired, the carrier said.
"Unfortunately, we recently learned that one of our employees did not follow our strict privacy rules and inappropriately obtained some customer information. This individual no longer works at AT&T and we are directly contacting the limited number of affected customers,” an AT&T spokesman said.
The news follows breaches that include a massive cyberattack at JPMorgan Chase & Co
, a theft involving Apple Inc's
iCloud and an alleged international computer hacking ring charged with stealing more than $100 million worth of software and data - some of it used to train military pilots and some related to Microsoft Corp's
Xbox.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover and Narottam Medhora in Bangalore; Editing by Ken Wills)
More:

Sensex down 25 pts in choppy trade; Infosys plunges 4.70 pcThe 50-share NSE Nifty also ended in negative terrain with a marginal fall of 9.70 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 7,842.70.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 8, 2014 4:58 pm
In choppy trade, the BSE Sensex today ended over 25 points lower with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the benchmark index.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the Sensex slipped further to touch the day’s low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and barometer rose to day’s high of 26,338.31. It finally settled at 26,246.79, 25.18 points, or 0.10 per cent lower than its previous close.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The 50-share NSE Nifty ended in negative terrain with a marginal fall of 9.70 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 7,842.70.
Nifty moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment is hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the IMF’s cut its growth forecast for global economy next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore yesterday.
OF 30-share Sensex, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hind Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘buy’, dragging the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers’ fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

These Beautiful  Blood Moon  Photos Will Let You Relive The Lunar Eclipsereddit
Skywatchers were treated to the second -- and final -- "blood moon" of the year early Wednesday, Oct. 8, and it was quite a show (scroll down for some dazzling photos).
A " blood moon " occurs when the reddish hue from a sunset or sunrise reflects onto the moon's surface during a full lunar eclipse, making the moon appear reddish-orange.
The full eclipse started around 6:25 a.m. EDT and was visible across North and South America, Australia, and Asia. It was the second of four consecutive total lunar eclipses , called a "tetrad," between April 2014 and September 2015.
Mark your calendars for the next lunar eclipses in this tetrad, which will fall on April 4, 2015 and September 28, 2015.
Mark Wilson via Getty Images
A commercial airliner on approach to Reagan National Airport flies past the full moon during the eclipse.
David McNew via Getty Images
A cross is seen as the full moon is illuminated by sunlight during the eclipse in Los Angeles.
YOSHIKAZU TSUNO via Getty Images
The eclipse from behind a ferris wheel in Tokyo.
STAN HONDA via Getty Images
The eclipse spotted through clouds near the Empire State Building in New York City.
ASSOCIATED PRESS
The earth's shadow begins to fall on the moon during the eclipse, behind the Angel Moroni statue in Bogota, Colombia.
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
The eclipse from Hangzhou, Zhejiang province of China.
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
The eclipse from Wuhan, Hubei province of China.
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
The eclipse from Hangzhou, Zhejiang province of China.
TORU YAMANAKA via Getty Images
A plane flies before the moon during the eclipse in Yokkaichi, central Japan.
David McNew via Getty Images
The moon is illuminated by sunlight during the eclipse in Los Angeles.
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
The eclipse as seen in Qingdao, Shandong province of China.
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
The eclipse from Lianyungang, Jiangsu province of China.
JAY DIRECTO via Getty Images
An orange moon in the sky in Quezon City, suburban Manila.
JAY DIRECTO via Getty Images
A full moon hangs in the sky after the eclipse, in Quezon City, suburban Manila.
— Greg Redfern (@SkyGuyinVA) October 8, 2014
Pink Moon Eclipse, it looks like Mars! pic.twitter.com/F9woMpNowr

Infosys Q2 profit seen up 3.4%  Sikka s strategy key: PollLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys Q2 profit seen up 3.4%, Sikka's strategy key: Poll
Analysts feel Sikka’s failure to articulate a clear strategy could disappoint as the stock has run up sharply leading up to the results. The stock gained 15 percent since June 12 but year-to-date it underperformed peers - it rose 5 percent while its rivals TCS, Tech Mahindra and HCL Technologies shot up 23-33 percent, and Wipro rose 7 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
India's second largest software services exporter  Infosys will kick off second quarter (July-September) earnings season on Friday. While the operating numbers will be closely watched, of more interest to the market will be the strategy of newly appointed CEO Vishal Sikka.
According to the average of estimates collated by CNBC-TV18, profit after tax is expected to increase 3.43 percent sequentially to Rs 2,985 crore from Rs 2,886 crore.
Rupee revenue may grow 4.2 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 13,307 crore and dollar revenue is seen rising 2.9 percent to USD 2,195 million as against 2 percent growth in previous quarter.
Analysts feel any failure by Sikka to spell a clear strategy could trigger a sell-off as the stock has run up sharply leading up to the results. The stock has risen 15 percent since June 12 (the day Sikka officially took charge). But year-to-date it has gained only 5 percent, while its rivals TCS ,  Tech Mahindra and  HCL Technologies  climbed 23-33 percent, and  Wipro  7 percent in the same period.
The second quarter is a seasonally strong quarter for the sector. Analysts expect a pick up in sequential growth of the company.
Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) is likely to jump 6 percent on sequential basis to Rs 3,407 crore and margin may expand 46 basis points to 25.6 percent during the quarter on modest rupee appreciation and cost optimisation.
The expansion in margin may be driven by the absence of wage hike. However, this will be offset as Q1FY15 margins benefited by 110 basis points due to change in estimate of useful life of assets. Also higher investments and decline utilisation could impact margins negatively, feel experts.
Guidance
As far as its full year FY15 guidance is concerned, analysts believe that is likely to be maintained for now despite a likely hit due to cross currency.
Dollar revenue guidance for the current financial year stands at 7-9 percent, which was maintained in the previous quarter but the rupee revenues are expected to grow 5.6-7.6 percent (on conversion 1 USD = Rs 60).
According to the poll, to maintain this guidance, the company needs to deliver a 2.3-3.5 percent compounded quarterly growth rate over Q2 to Q4FY15.
Sikka's strategy
Analysts expect a balanced calibrated approach from company's CEO Vishal Sikka. "We expect Infosys to articulate its intent to increase its win-rates and market-share in bread-and-butter offerings (large deals, inframanagement, BPO, ADM) but also chart out a differentiated journey in digital, with Dr Sikka leading the charge. An incremental approach will not help Infosys break new ground," said JPMorgan.
"If Infosys defines its goal as predominantly wanting to win greater share in bread-and-butter offerings (i.e. reviving the core), it would merely play catch-up with TCS. For a large company wishing to create something distinctive, some disruption is inevitable," it added.
The company has so far maintained that a three-year turnaround strategy put in place by founder NRN Murthy. And this is likely to stay (cost-effectiveness, sales effectiveness and delivery effectiveness), feel analysts.
Of the three, the company took a number of measures to take out redundant costs. Now most of the cost rationalisation has been done already and that Infosys has a more streamlined cost structure today than 12-18 months back.
But there is still limited success on sales and delivery effectiveness.
On sales effectiveness, the company has taken several initiatives like hiring account managers for effective mining of its key/important accounts and hiring business school graduates.
On delivery effectiveness, it has carved out IMS (infrastructure management services) and digital as separate horizontals in order to encourage focus on these two high-growing services.
Capital allocation
Most analysts don’t expect Infosys to use its cash pile for buyback. They believe the company needs to augment its portfolio by doing mergers and acquisitions and that remains the best use of its cash.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex zooms 312 pts in early trade on global cues  firm rupeePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:20 am
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising over 312 points in early trade today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to two-week high of 61.09 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer, which had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions, recovered by 312.81 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 26,559.60.
All the sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty and metal were trading in positive zone with gains up to 1.58 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty, regained the psychological 7,900-mark by surging 92.65 points, or 1.18 per cent, to 7,935.35.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.45 per cent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was also trading 0.88 per cent higher in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 1.64 per cent up in yesterday’s trade.
 

Indian rupee jumps 31 paise against dollar to 61.09Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:25 am
Extending its rising streak for the fourth straight day, the rupee surged by 31 paise to trade at two-week high of 61.09 against the dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and banks.
Forex dealers said besides selling of the American unit by exporters and easing global crude prices, gains in other Asian currencies against the dollar and a higher opening in the domestic stock market, buoyed the sentiment.
The rupee had gained three paise to close at 61.40 against the dollar in yesterday’s trade due to strong selling pressure on the Greenback from banks and exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered sharply by 312.81 points, or 1.19 per cent, to trade at 26,559.60 in early trade.

Guidance won t change08:00 am
With the IT major  Infosys set to declare its second quarterly numbers tomorrow, Sagar Rastogi, Associate VP, Ambit Capital has a sell on the stock with a price target of Rs 3650.
He does not see the revenue trajectory for the company being anywhere close to its peers and expects Infosys to deliver around 3 percent revenue growth in dollar terms quarter on quarter (Q-o-Q) but sees no change in their FY15 dollar guidance of 7-9 percent .
However, he is positive on the overall Indian IT services space sector on back of demand environment and Europe's openness for offshore businesses and tailwinds of new service lines such as digital contributing to overall growth.
Ratogi is in the camp that believes comments made by the new CEO and MD, Dr Vishal Sikka will be watched closely but are not likely to significantly swing the stock per se.
In case Infosys reports dollar revenue growth around 4 percent then street may react positively to the stock, he adds.
Also read: Infosys Q2 profit seen up 3.4%, Sikka's strategy key: Poll
Below is the transcript of Sagar Rastogi's interview with Latha Venkatsh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Yesterday we saw a fairly deep cut in the IT stocks in general with some of the brokerages even recommending that it is time to sell the stock and take profit. Your own view first about the Infosys numbers, what kind of volume growth are you penciling in if any and what kind of revenue and margins?
A: I am actually quite positive on the Indian IT services space even now. The demand environment for IT services is much better compared to the last year. In the US you have a macro economic recovery going on, in Europe there is an increased openness to off shoring and then you also have additional tailwinds of new service lines such as digital contributing to overall growth.
In that context, Infosys will also be a beneficiary of that trend. I pencil in about 3 percent revenue growth in dollar terms for the company. So it is not going to be as strong as may be some of its peers for instance  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) would grow 5 percent in organic terms in this quarter.
For Infosys what will prevent the revenue growth from accelerating so much would be a couple of things among others. One the sales strength has to be beefed up further and secondly, they are grappling with very high attrition which will prevent them from ramping up on projects as quickly as they might want to. So, that is why I have build in 3.0 percent.
In terms of margins I have build in 40 basis point improvement quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) with respect to earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margins to 25.5 percent. They should benefit slightly from the rupee depreciation that has happened in this quarter and also from the fact that previous quarter had wage hikes and visa costs which will not repeat in this quarter.
Reema: Most of the experts have said that the focus this time will be on Sikka's strategy and not so much on the quarterly results unless it is a big disappointment. What can we expect Sikka to articulate in his strategy?
A: I am in the camp that believes Sikka's comments while they will be watched with a lot of interest will not swing the stock significantly in either direction. The street will be more watchful of the numbers that come out.
Having said that, a couple of things that Sikka could articulate which would be helpful, one would be his capital allocation strategy. So, Infosys has USD 4.7 billion of cash sitting on his balance sheet right now. So, a special dividend or a buyback of shares would be a sentimental positive for the stock.
Reema: Are you expecting it?
A: We have been expecting it for a long time.
Latha: Haven't they often said that that's not what they favour?
A: Yes but this is a new CEO and this is the first time he is going to articulate his new strategy to the street. So, this could be one signal where we could see some concrete real action.
On the other hand, comments about improving sales effectiveness or delivery effectiveness that have been made by the earlier management as well; I expect Sikka to repeat them. However, even if he does that I don't expect a significant change in the stock either way.
Latha: Your numbers are more or less in line with what our poll was indicating. It shows a dollar revenue growth of 2.9 percent and yours is 3 percent and EBIT margins at 25.6 percent, pretty close to the 25.5 percent that you said. However, guidance I thought would be more watched than numbers, numbers would be factored in by now?
A: I don't expect a change in the annual dollar guidance of 7-9 percent year-on-year (YoY) if they do 3 percent QoQ in this quarter.
Reema: Since the stock has run up so much what will constitute a positive surprise and what will constitute a negative surprise because you said that the focus of the street will be more on the financials. 3 percent is the base assumption in terms of a dollar revenue growth, what will swing a positive surprise and what would constitute a negative surprise?
A: A strong revenue growth of maybe 4 percent or more would be taken very positively by the street. Margin improvement would also be a positive but then people right now are more focused on revenue growth than margins.
Latha: Do you expect him to hint anything at all about acquisitions especially after the buzz has already started in the space?
A: Infosys management, even the earlier management has been talking about using their cash piles for acquisition at some point. We have seen some peers such as Cognizant take big bets with respect to acquisitions.
However, this will be too early for him to announce something concrete. He would probably reiterate or rather outline his acquisition criteria which we would watch for.
Latha: What is your price target and if the guidance and the numbers were to come as our poll and as your numbers indicate how should the stock move?
A: My target price is Rs 3,650 which is close to the current price. I have a sell on the stock. Essentially my stance is sell because I don't expect Infosys revenue growth trajectory to come close to its peers Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) or HCL Technologies anytime in the near future which would also keep its valuation multiple subdued.
Coming to the results, as discussed if they deliver the kind of revenue growth and margin estimates that I have in my numbers, the stock will stay near the current levels; it would be unchanged.
RELATED NEWS

China takes over the US as the world s largest economyChina Just Overtook The US As The World's Largest Economy
By Mike Bird | Business Insider –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014 2:38 PM IST
Print
>>
REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Sorry, America. China just overtook the US to become the world's largest economy, according to the International Monetary Fund.
Chris Giles at the Financial Times flagged up the change . He also alerted us in April that it was all about to happen . 
Basically, the method used by the IMF adjusts for purchasing power parity, explained here .
The simple logic is that prices aren't the same in each country: A shirt will cost you less in Shanghai than in San Francisco, so it's not entirely reasonable to compare countries without taking this into account. Though a typical person in China earns a lot less than the typical person in the US, simply converting a Chinese salary into dollars underestimates how much purchasing power that individual, and therefore that country, might have. The Economist's Big Mac Index  is a great example of these disparities.
Percentage of total foreign reserves: 76.6%
Consumer demand in Q2 2012 for Jewelry: 19.8 tonnes
Consumer demand for total bar and coin invest in Q2 2012: 14.4
Percentage of total foreign reserves: 76.6%
Consumer demand in Q2 2012 for Jewelry: 19.8 tonnes
Consumer demand for total bar and coin invest in Q2 2012: 14.4 tonnes
(Photo: Getty Images)
Description Toggle
1 - 11 / 11
So the IMF measures both GDP in market-exchange terms and in terms of purchasing power. On the purchasing-power basis, China is overtaking the US right about now and becoming the world's biggest economy.
We've just gone past that crossover on the chart below, according to the IMF. By the end of 2014, China will make up 16.48% of the world's purchasing-power adjusted GDP (or $17.632 trillion), and the US will make up just 16.28% (or $17.416 trillion):
>
IMF, Google Public Data Explorer Adjusted for purchasing power, China's economy is now the world's largest. It's not all sour news for the US. It'll be some time yet until the lines cross over in raw terms, not adjusted for purchasing power. By that measure, China still sits more than $6.5 trillion lower than the US and isn't likely to overtake for quite some time: >
IMF, Google Public Data Explorter But in terms of the raw market value of China's currency, it still has a long way to go.

Vodafone Seeks Spectrum Urgently  Validity Extension By 6 MonthsYou are here: Home Industries
Vodafone Seeks Spectrum Urgently, Validity Extension By 6 Months
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 16:40 (IST)
The country's second largest telecom operator Vodafone India has asked the government for immediate
allocation of spectrum that it won in the February auction.
    
The company has also sought extension of the spectrum's validity by six months from the date of allocation.
    
"Vodafone India has formally requested the DoT(Department of Telecommunications) and regulator TRAI (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India) for immediate allotment of the 1800MHz spectrum, which it had won in auctions. Only 7 weeks are left, when as per DoT, the presently deployed spectrum in 900 MHz is to be replaced by 900MHz won in auctions," Vodafone said in an media advisory note.
     
Telecom companies, which won spectrum in the auction and paid for it in the first week of March, are yet to be assigned radiowave frequencies that are used for transmitting mobile signals.
     
Vodafone's licences for telecom services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata are due to expire in November for which it had to buy spectrum afresh to continue operations. Similarly, Airtel's permit in Delhi and Kolkata are expiring same month.
     
"Despite several reminders, the spectrum has not been earmarked till now," Vodafone said.
     
Vodafone Group Chief Vittorio Colao and its India unit Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Marten Pieters had met Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss the spectrum issue.
     
The company said spectrum allocation matter is in a critical situation and may have "repercussions bigger than any other quality of service issue seen in the history of mobile telecom in India".
     
Vodafone had over 91 lakh mobile subscribers in Delhi, 77 lakh in Mumbai and 47 lakh in Kolkata in July.
     
Both the companies are required to use new set of frequencies in place of their existing spectrum.
     
Vodafone had won spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, and 900 Mhz, in which mobile signals cover about 2 times more area compared to 1800 Mhz band.
     
"This changeover under normal circumstances could take at least 6 months after the earmarking of frequencies. DoT is also on record saying that looking at the technical and implementation issues, it is observed that 6 months period may not be sufficient to migrate the network from 900 MHz to 1800
MHz band on extension of licences," Vodafone said.
     
The company said that under the current situation, with very little time left and spectrum frequencies not assigned on the prescribed date is bound to considerably impact services despite best efforts by the company round the clock.
     
"The public cannot afford any loss of service because of these changeovers not getting completed due to non-earmarking of spectrum in 1800 MHz band by DoT," Vodafone said.
     
Vodafone said it has requested the Department of Telecom to earmark the spectrum without any delay and also take up the issue of changeover in totality on an immediate basis so that there is no loss or inconvenience caused to the public.
     
"This will include continuation on existing in use 900MHz frequencies for at least 6 months from the date of earmarking of 1800 MHz spectrum, which is a necessity," Vodafone said.
     
The company has sought DoT response on its communication by October 10, the note said.
     
In February, seven companies -- Airtel, Vodafone, Reliance Jio Infocomm, Idea Cellular, Aircel and Reliance
Communications had won spectrum for a cumulative amount of Rs 62,162 crore, but DoT is yet to assign them the frequencies required for operations.
     
Vodafone India won spectrum bidding by committing Rs 19,644.72 crore.
 

Earnings growth likely to see big jump in FY16: Religare Invesco MF02:30 pm
With 22 years of experience in the Indian equity markets, he manages funds like Religare Invesco Tax Plan and Religare Invesco PSU Equity Fund which have given returns of over 50 percent in the last year. The biggest outperformer has been the Religare Contra Fund with returns of 74 percent in the past year. So which are the sectors and stocks to focus on from here on?
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, alpha manager Vetri Subramaniam, Chief Investment Officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund, says he has been seeing a mild recovery in the economic growth, but feels the government needs to now focus on policy implementation.
He says there has been a significant re-rating within the market but the big improvement in earnings growth can be seen in FY16. “Valuation plays major role in our investment decision,” he says.
Religare Invesco MF has added DB Corp  and MRF  to its portfolio and is “happy to have Tech Mahindra  for 3 years” as IT space looks to be well positioned. Interestingly, the fund does not have any pharma names in top order.
Pharma has always been bottom-up sector for our fund, says Subramaniam, adding that Lupin  and Sun Pharma  are the preferred picks in the pack.
While the fund has increased exposure to consumer discretionary and financials, it has cut down its exposure to industrials. In the financial sector, it has Axis Bank , HDFC Bank , HDFC  & Federal Bank  in its portfolio.
Below is the transcript of Vetri Subramaniam's interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Menaka: Let me start by asking you not just about today's market action or this talk of a correction that was underway which may have ended but more a sense of where we are in this bull run according to you?
A: We have gone from market which was very pessimistic about a year ago to a market which transitioned to what I would call the hope trade in the first half of the year leading up lets say to May 2014 and post the election verdict the market is starting to get a little bit more selective and is starting to think about where actually the visibility is in terms of earnings growth. So, there has been a significant amount of transition over the last one year. As far as the economy is concerned the good news is that there are signs of a mild recovery underway but at this point it is still very mild and I think in terms of seeing significant government led policy action which can give the economy more traction I think we are yet to really see much of that and hopefully we will see that over the next few months.
Senthil: How much of that have already been priced in? How much of that hopes that there will be government action which has already been priced in and so will the government have to do a hell of a lot to meet these price expectations?
A: There is a simple way to look at that. If you just look at the market which is up about 40 percent over the last one year, if you actually look at how much earnings are up during this period-- they are up only 14-15 percent. So what you can conclude from it that the rest of the gains are essentially the change in the PE multiple and essentially that in some senses reflects the change and the optimism that future earnings growth for the market will be significantly stronger.
So a significant portion of the multiple re-rating has already taken place and I sort of think of this as the phase in which the market is saying show me the earnings and I want to see that earnings visibility. So some of that re-rating has taken place very specifically and the best example of that would be in the capital goods sector. If you go back a year ago it was trading in the low teens in terms of its PE multiples pretty much among the cheaper sectors in the market and if you look at it today it is trading at a PE multiple of more than 30 and it is among the three costliest sectors in the market. So there has been a significant rerating within the market and you need to take cognisance of that.
Menaka: Are you therefore not very optimistic or buoyant or not expecting much from this earnings season which would be underway tomorrow with Infosys  and may be even the December earnings season. So, it is probably only the Q1 of FY16 that you hope to see better signs of recovery reflect in corporate bottomlines?
A: I think so. What we have really seen post the election is a clear improvement in sentiment among business and industry. I wouldn’t downplay that, it is very important because unless business and industry feel positive about the future they are not going to invest, they are not going to hire and they are not going to create that momentum for the economy. However if you pin it down into hard numbers in terms of the kind of traction that they are seeing on the revenue line or in terms of margins things are looking a little bit more challenging on that revenue line which is why I think at this point of time in terms of actually looking at a recovery in corporate earnings I think that is really more of a 2016 story than a 2015 story. There could be select cases here and there of a few sectors or few companies that might start to surprise you earlier but in general I think in terms of a big outperformance, in terms of earnings growth it is certainly a 2016 story.
Menaka: The Contra fund did 74 percent in terms of returns over the last one year versus a benchmark performance of 38.5 percent. Talk us through really how you strategized or managed to achieve that and how you are positioned hereon on that Contra front?
A: The Contra fund to put it simply has got a very strong value approach in the way that it goes about identifying companies and businesses and it is also very early to take on risk because we are able to perceive valuations as being attractive enough we don’t wait for the accompanying sound bytes of an improvement in growth outlook or earnings growth number to really start getting invested. So we are always early to take on risk in that portfolio and if I look at that portfolio honestly, it gave us a lot of grief in the first half of calendar 2013 because even after we started finding a lot of the economy sensitive sectors of the market cheap many of those sectors actually got battered and bruised all the way up to about August 2013 and really when you look at the strong outperformance that has come after that it has really been a function of the fact that we held on to most of those positions because we have the conviction that valuations were on our side and we did see some cyclical bounce playing out into 2014.
But at the point when we built these positions we had no clue about who might even contest the elections leave alone the market would perceive Narendra Modi as being a very pro-growth Prime Minister. So these positions were built much in advance of these news flows simply because the valuations were supportive and in one word that describes our approach in that fund. We were always very valuation conscious in terms of where we want to allocate our money into and which stocks that we are willing to buy. Once we have done that we are happy to let those stocks run, we are happy to let those stocks run up as businesses do well but we are very careful about where we deploy that money and what stocks and what valuations we buy them at.
Menaka: On the screen we have a graphic plate that sort of depicts the top holdings in that particular fund. How many of these stocks have run out of breath though you are happy to watch them run for the last 12 months? Tech Mahindra, Maruti , HDFC Bank, Britannia , Bharat Forge , Wipro  which has not necessarily had a great year to date, Federal Bank, DB Corp, Gateway Distriparks  and ONGC . 
A: Some of them have run up quite a bit and we are not really adding to them anymore. However if you look at a name like HDFC Bank, it didn’t figure in the portfolio last year. It is something that we added because it saw significant amount of underperformance some time earlier this year. We have also added some of the names like DB Corp, MRF, those are portfolio names that we have added to. Some of those other names have just sort of risen to that top end of the portfolio because we have nursed those positions for 2 or 3 years or more. Tech Mahindra for example is a classic case, we have held that stock for more than 3 years now and we have just been happy to participate in the run up as the company has executed well. So, the portfolio is always a mix of sort of names that we are looking to buy into as well as other names that we may have bought earlier and now we are just happy to ride the good performance those companies are bringing home today.
Menaka: Ahead of those Infy earnings I am going to get your view on where you see tech headed over the next several months. You mentioned Tech Mahindra, HCL Tech , as well as Wipro I am told are amongst your top holdings across the schemes that you manage. What do you make of the performance that some of these stocks have had besides Tech Mahindra which you have already spoken of. HCL Tech year-to-date (Y-T-D) that is up 33 percent, Wipro is up barely 4or 5 percent YTD if I remember correctly, TCS and then of course, Infosys which will report earnings tomorrow?
A: We still think tech in general is well positioned. They have got fairly reasonable revenue traction growing in sort of the mid teens numbers, so we think that is healthy. So overall it is a fairly nice scenario for them. They don’t have the kind of currency buoyancy that they had last year which really under wrote their earnings growth but the currency we think will continue to stay on a mild sort of depreciating trend which over time will anyway benefit them but the currency is not really the key reason which we think drives these companies. It is really revenue growth and at the mid teens levels we find valuations in tech quite reasonable at this point of time. So that is an area that we are quite happy to own in many of our portfolios. The names itself might differ.
Since you asked me this question one reason why we never owned TCS in Contra fund is that that stock has traded at a huge premium to the rest of the sector for the longest time. So it never made it through our filters in the Contra fund, though if I do recollect we do own it way back in 2009. So there will be a difference in the kind of names that we own across the funds but in the Contra fund it typically tends to be allocated to names where we think the valuation comfort is much high.
Menaka: I get why TCS is not in your contra fund, it is not amongst your top tech holdings across the funds that you manage, that is what the data I have says. So, I was just curious to know how you are positioned in tech? You have already given us an answer to that but are you adding more money to your tech positions for instance Tech Mahindra or HCL Tech or Wipro at this point in time?
A: Not yet. They have had huge outperformance over the last 3-4 months but we did add quite a bit in May-June when it was coming down quite sharply because people were worried about the outlook for tech and money was rotating into economy sensitives and there was a lot of talk of the rupee going to 54 and 55. So, we thought that was a good opportunity to add to tech. Right now we are not really adding very significantly to those positions.
Menaka: Based on the data I have it doesn’t seem that you are very bullish on pharma because top holdings across the schemes that you manage don’t seem to feature a pharma stock. No pharma stock from the top holdings. In financials those top holdings include HDFC and HDFC Bank, in auto they include Maruti and Hero Motors. In tech they include HCL Tech and Wipro. I can't spot a pharma name, correct me if I am wrong.
A: You are absolutely right. We don’t really have any of the pharma names right at the top of our portfolio. We do own it and we are overweight on some of our portfolios but typically we have always followed an approach in pharma of buying a bouquet of companies. So, whatever exposure we have is always spread across 3-4 names. To us pharma has always been a very bottom up sector because the distinction and the differences in business model between these companies is very acute. So, we have never favoured taking a strong top down call in pharma, it has always been about finding a bouquet of companies that we are comfortable owning to try and reduce the risk of major things that could go wrong. What could go wrong in pharma? We have seen several examples of companies run into problem with the FDA, lose key molecules, run into problems on litigation. So, it has always been a bouquet approach and we have never concentrated ourselves in just one name or two names but you will find that across portfolios it is there.
Menaka: What is the best selling flower in that bouquet?
A: I think Lupin would pretty much be among the top names if you looked across the portfolios followed most probably by Sun Pharma and among the younger names it would be Biocon  and IPCA .
Senthil: This propensity to go for bouquet in pharma, is it only because of regulatory issues or is it also because you are not very comfortable with management qualities?
A: It has just got to do with the intricacies of the business models that they are very difficult to understand and each company has very district sort of elements in terms of the geographies in which they operate and the kind of kind of reliance that they have either on specific product lines or products or for that matters specific where they generate their revenue from. So we have just felt more comfortable from that kind of diversified approach rather than just betting on one or two names which is very different, for example, from the way we have our financial exposure where in financials we actually prefer to back only those names that we feel very strongly about and therefore in financials you will see that may be three or four names will account for 70-80 percent of the exposure in many of our portfolios and this despite the fact that financials as a part of the market is actually the single largest part of the market.
So they are happy being concentrated in areas where we have the conviction and we have an understanding of the business model that gives us the comfort but on the other hand in a smaller part of the market which is pharmaceuticals where we don’t get that kind of a comfort we tend to make it a bouquet approach. So it is question of what is right for each sector which really works rather than just one size fits all approach.
Menaka: A final question on your sector allocation from here onwards. It has been an interesting couple of months, we have seen all the capital goods frenzy, the infrastructure frenzy that took place prior to the elections and just right after the results sort of ebb off a bit. We have seen defensives come into favour over the last couple of weeks or so. How are you positioning or what do you expect will be the sectoral allocation here onwards, what will do better than the rest?
A: The area that we were hugely positive about a year ago which was industrials because we thought valuations were very cheap, that is not the case anymore. So, largely we have either reduced industrial exposure or gone to underweight in some cases. The area where we have increased exposure very dramatically has been more in the consumer discretionary space which is auto, white goods, media that sort of stuff. Financials is the other place where we have added weightage simply because we think these two will respond to any improvement in the economy much quicker in their P&L account as compared to industrials where I think a revival in the investment cycle appears to be a prolonged effort and also simply because I don’t think government policy at this point is really bringing that urgency to the table in terms of kicking off the investment cycle. So, everything put together valuations plus the context, that is the way the portfolios are currently positioned.
Menaka: You mentioned financials as one of the key sectors that you would be betting on here onwards. I see HDFC and HDFC Bank populated across your schemes. I see stocks like Federal Bank as well. What I seem to be missing is ICICI Bank  anywhere?
A: When you look at the private bank space the favoured bets that we have had at this point of time have been the HDFC twins along with Axis Bank and also Federal Bank and we have not really backed ICICI Bank in a big way simply because we thought the value equation that we were getting in terms of growth in Axis was much better but these things will change overtime. So I am not really making a comment on one bank or the other.
Menaka: Some interesting stocks and even if you can’t comment from a stock specific point of view if you can talk us through your view on those sectors and how you are measuring performances in those sectors. For instance, PI or VA Tech Wabag or Gateway Distriparks, these are some of the stocks that feature across some of your schemes. Can you talk us through how you are approaching the midcap space and what sectors or spaces look most interesting to you as subsets of that?
A: More than just sectors I would say, since you highlighted these three names what is interesting about these three names; one is that these companies have been fairly disciplined in terms of the way that they have spent their capital; B, during the difficult times over the last three-four years many of them have made significant investments, I would say in some cases beachhead investments, in some cases it has been of building a significant global footprint or getting into some kind of new venture which has added steam to the existing business model and now they are all quite well positioned in terms of reaping the benefits of these initiatives that they have made during difficult times as the economy starts to improve.
So this is pretty much a common thing that you will see in many of our portfolios which is that even in the midcap space we have typically invested in companies which show a reasonable amount of discipline towards capital allocation. They enjoy reasonable levels of return on capital which means that during the last few years when business has been difficult their balance sheet has never been under stress. Maybe their P&L has come under some degree of stress but never their balance sheet and that is what uniquely positions these companies today because they gone through the difficult times, the entrepreneur has survived those difficult times, they have come through with strong strategies, they have built their new export oriented plants, their new beachheads, their new business lines and now they are very well positioned to be able to benefit from growth as and when it happens. So this is a common thing that you will find across many of the midcap stocks that we own in our portfolios particularly the younger sort of companies.
Menaka: You also own Balkrishna Industries . Your view on what is going on in the tyre business and whether valuations have maxed out there because many of these stocks have done fabulously well since the beginning of the year. In fact Balkrishna Industries itself I think has gone from Rs 200 level to Rs 800 right now. So, you have seen huge price appreciation?
A: We don’t own Balkrishna Industries.
Menaka: You are not invested in tyres at all?
A: We own MRF but it is a more recent investment, it is not a very old investment. We like that company and we are happy to stay invested. Again it has got all the classic criterion, strong balance sheet, healthy returns on capital even during difficult times and therefore as and when times improve and they have got this tailwind of commodity prices easing off hopefully they will be well positioned. So, tyre sector as a whole does benefit from this and wherever we find value in stocks we are happy to invest.
Menaka: Even if you look at a stock like Gateway Distriparks which does feature amongst the top holdings in many of the funds or the schemes of the portfolios that you manage. We have seen a doubling of stock price there, PI Industries we have seen stock price move up considerably over the last year or so. So I was just wondering whether you think some of these bets have already sort of done what they could at this point in time or you expect that the big boost that will come from earnings will move prices even higher?
A: Again I can’t comment on these two stocks specifically but I would say yes, broadly anything that we own in the portfolio we do think there is perhaps scope for them to continue to do well which is why we own them and in some cases stocks do end up running a little bit ahead of their fundamentals and then earnings catch up. So it is a question of where we think a company is a high quality play and where we think there is no better alternative to be had then sometimes we do get the benefit of doubt to valuations and even if they have moved up a lot we might continue owning them simply because we don’t think there is a better alternative in that particular domain or to that particular opportunity. So that is something that we have to tackle at a stock specific level. Really there is no generic rule to that.
Q

Stars at the special screening  TamancheyCelebrity
Stars at the special screening 'Tamanchey'
TAMANCHEY is an aggressive, passionate acidic love story between two criminals whilst on the run from the law. Based on the lives of gangsters, TAMANCHEY will be a realistic take on the lives of the people in the underworld.
Gulshan Devaiah and Richa Chaddha at the special screening.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Thu 9 Oct, 2014 2:30 PM IST

AgustaWestland scam: Former Finmeccanica head Giuseppe Orsi guilty of falsifying invoices  cleared of corruption charges5
0
New Delhi: An Italian court on Thursday acquitted Giuseppe Orsi, the former chairman of Italian defence giant Finmeccanica, of corruption charges in the multicrore AgustaWestland scam.
Orsi was accused of paying bribes to get the $734 million Agusta chopper deal from India. India cancelled the deal after charges were filed against Finmeccanica.
The court, however, held Orsi guilty of falsifying invoices in the case and sentenced him to two years in jail.
#agustawestland scam #chopper scam #giuseppe orsi #finmeccanica
The trial near Milan revolved around the multimillion contract which was awarded to Finmeccanica's AgustaWestland business in 2010 to supply 12 luxury helicopters to the Indian government.
Public prosecutor Eugenio Fusco had accused Orsi and former AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini of paying tens of millions of euros to Indian officials through intermediaries and falsifying invoices to obtain the high-profile contract.
Spagnolini was also sentenced on Thursday to two years in jail on the false invoice charges, but acquitted of the corruption accusations.
The scandal has embarrassed New Delhi and tarnished Finmeccanica's reputation at a time when the Italian aerospace and defence group is carrying out a tough restructuring.
India in August banned the state-controlled Italian company from future contracts after terminating the helicopter agreement in January 2013 with only three aircraft delivered.
The two Italian executives, who have denied any wrongdoing, will not serve any jail term until the appeal process is exhausted.
The prosecutor had asked for a six-year jail term for Orsi, who turns 69 in November and ran AgustaWestland before taking the top job at Finmeccanica in 2011. The prosecutor had requested a five-year sentence for Spagnolini.
With inputs from Reuters

Stirring portrayal of German occupied France wins French writer Patrick Modiano the literature NobelOct 09, 2014 at 08:59pm IST
Stirring portrayal of German occupied France wins French writer Patrick Modiano the literature Nobel
23
0
Stockholm: Media-shy French writer Patrick Modiano was awarded this year's Nobel Prize for Literature "for the art of memory with which he has evoked the most ungraspable human destinies and uncovered the life-world of the occupation".
Modiano debuted with La place de l'étoile published in 1968. The writer who lives in France, has authored more than 30 novels and is the recipient of Prix Goncourt, France's top literary award
Modiano was born in 1945, in Boulogne-Billancourt, a suburb of Paris but he continued mentioning his birth year as 1947 to distance himself from the memories of German occupied France. Modiano had once mentioned in a TV interview that he was 'distressed and tormented to be born' in 1945. Nonetheless, memories of World War II left an indelible impression on the author's mind.
Modiano's works centre on topics such as memory, oblivion, identity and guilt.
#patrick modiano #nobel prize for literature #nobel prize 2014
Modiano's works centre on topics such as memory, oblivion, identity and guilt. The city of Paris is often present in the text and can almost be considered a creative participant in the works. Rather often his tales are built on an autobiographical foundation, or on events that took place during the German occupation. He sometimes draws material for his works from interviews, newspaper articles or own notes which he has accumulated over the years.
His novels show an affinity with one another, and it happens that earlier episodes are extended or that persons recur in different tales. The author's home town and its history often serve to link the tales together. A work of documentary character, with World War II as background, is Dora Bruder (1997; Dora Bruder, 1999) which builds on the true tale of a fifteen-year old girl in Paris who becomes one of the victims of the Holocaust. Among the works which most clearly reveal an autobiographical character one notes Un pedigree from 2005.
Some of Modiano's works have been translated into English, among them Les boulevards de ceinture (1972; Ring Roads : A Novel, 1974), Villa Triste (1975; Villa Triste, 1977), Quartier perdu (1984; A Trace of Malice, 1988) and Voyage de noces (1990; Honeymoon, 1992). His latest work is the novel Pour que tu ne te perdes pas dans le quartier (2014).
Modiano has also written children's books and film scripts. Together with the film director Louis Malle he made the feature movie Lacombe Lucien (1974), enacted during the German occupation of France.
3

English is the new caste system: Chetan BhagatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Telecom sector still faces spectrum challenge  says Ericsson officialTelecom sector still faces spectrum challenge, says Ericsson official
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chris Houghton (left), Head of Region, Ericsson India, and Christian Hedelin, Head of Strategy for Business Unit Radio, Ericsson, in New Delhi on Thursday. PTI
“What it (Digital India) actually means is that you invest in lot of things like smart cities. But, the infrastructure needs to be taken care of.”
New Delhi, October 9:  
Telecom sector in India still faces a lot of challenges, including spectrum availability and affordable devices, according to Swedish telecom gear maker Ericsson said here.
Speaking on the sidelines of ‘Ericsson Connect’, Chris Houghton, Head-India Region, Ericsson, said that in order to achieve and deliver Digital India vision, the Government and industry need to actively partner to tackle the constraints of limited spectrum availability and device affordability.
“What it (Digital India) actually means is that you invest in lot of things like smart cities. But, the infrastructure needs to be taken care of. Challenges such as spectrum allocations are there,” he told reporters here.
Asked about the company’s expansion plans on Global Network Operations Centre (GNOC), Houghton said that India has its biggest GNOC centres and would continue to expand and hire more people.
“The GNOC has grown tremendously in India and we have more people serving from India globally than anywhere else in the world’s centres. We are always hiring people for that,” he said.
Ericsson India has around 20,000 employees and majority of them work out of the four GNOC centres located in Noida, Gurgaon, Bangalore and Kolkata (started in July) serving to more than 400 million customers in 49 countries.
It has also around 1,700 people in the R&D centres.
Other telecom network vendors such as ZTE, Huawei and Nokia Networks have also their GNOCs in India.
Broadband penetration
Meanwhile, the company released a white paper called ‘India 2020: Bringing the Networked Society to Life’. It proposes that the Government’s broadband penetration target of 600 million connections by 2020 can be achieved if sufficient spectrum is made available in a timely way in globally harmonised bands.
According to the report, to fulfil the Indian Government’s vision for broadband inspired growth, operators will need access to more spectrum from the Government and need to build new network capabilities and new revenue models so that a viable, long-term strategy can be evolved.
Smartphone prices are expected to fall by 40-50 per cent over the next three years.
As a result, the number of subscribers able to afford smartphones and services are expected to reach over 700 million by 2020, up from 110 million in 2013, it said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Minimum 25% public holding norm notifiedMinimum 25% public holding norm notified
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 10:42 PM IST
Paving way for sale of public sector unit (PSU) shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms. To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to a minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and boost the government's plan to raise funds from a disinvestment programme. Previously, listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed firms is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found non-compliant with these norms and necessary action initiated against them by regulator Sebi. "... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below 25 per cent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by Sebi," the finance ministry has said in its new notification.

154 dead unable to bear shock of Jayalalithaa s arrest: AIADMK32
1
Chennai: With the arrest of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa coming as a shock to her supporters, the party on Thursday claimed that 154 sympathisers have died unable to bear the anguish.
According to data compiled by AIADMK on the basis of inputs it received from various districts, the toll included 113 persons who died due to cardiac arrest in various parts of Tamil Nadu since September 27 when Jayalalithaa was convicted. The party has also released the names and addresses of the deceased.
A party functionary refusing to be quoted said as per the data fourteen committed self-immolation, fifteen hanged themselves and seven consumed poison as they were "distressed" on hearing the Bangalore special court's verdict awarding a four year jail term to their revered "Amma" (mother) in the disproportionate assets case.
Unable to accept the arrest of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa, the party claimed that 154 sympathisers had died.
#jaya in jail #jayalalithaa #aiadmk #supreme court
Besides, one died by falling in front of a bus, two jumped before a train and two drowned in a river, the functionary said.
For about a week after the court verdict, parts of the state witnessed agitations expressing solidarity with 'Amma', as she is addressed by her followers.
Jayalalithaa, who was denied bail by the Karnataka High Court, moved the Supreme Court for relief.
534

Government employees  attendance surveillance system goes onlineOct 09, 2014 at 09:29pm IST
Government employees' attendance surveillance system goes online
32
0
New Delhi: An electronic surveillance system to keep track of punctuality of government officials will become fully operational by the month end as part of Narendra Modi Government's efforts to discipline employees.
Online trial run of the live biometric attendance system (BAS) have begun and attendance of over 50,000 employees from 148 departments can be viewed online. The system uses fingerprints to ensure that employees physically turn up and do not use proxies.
"BAS for central employees will be fully functional by the end of this month," DeitY Secretary Ram Sevak Sharma said.
It displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
#narendra modi #government employee #attendence #website
The website, attendance.gov.in, is hooked up to computers in government offices that will identify employees through their fingerprint and unique identity number (Aadhaar).
It displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
The programme is currently being implemented in the central government offices located in the national capital and will eventually expand to all central Government employees across the country.
Wall mounted bio-metric attendance terminals have been installed in government buildings. Government employees can mark their attendance in any of the buildings where biometric terminals are installed.
So far, over 50,000 employees have registered on the site, he said, adding that around 10,000 more are expected to join this month.
The system will start with tracking attendance of central government employees stationed in the national capital, he said.
According to the information available on the attendance web portal, as many as 148 central government organisations have registered themselves for the same.
So far, about 50,027 employees have registered on the portal, of the total 66,353 employees. Out of the registered users, 47,644 employees are Aadhaar verified.
71

5 stocks buck market s rough ride7%
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
These these stocks are mainly tiny companies. But what about the winners among the biggest stocks? The market’s selloff is vicious and hurting just about all stocks, but even so, there are 19 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that are up on the day. Most of the S&P 500 stocks gaining are real-estate investment trusts, which investors gravitate during times like these since they tend to pay large dividend yields. There’s nothing better than the safety of a dividend when your portfolio is cratering.
With that said, it’s not like stocks are rocking. The very best performer is REIT Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) , up 1.4%. The average gain of S&P 500 that have risen today is just 0.5%. That’s not enough to brag about at a cocktail party, but at least investors avoided the day’s pain.
The biggest gainers Thursday among the S&P 500 are:
Company

ISIS Seizes More Than One-Third Of KobaniIslamic State Militants Seize More Than One-Third Of Kobani Despite U.S.-Led Airstrikes In Syria
Reuters  | By                                                                Daren Butler and Oliver Holmes
Posted:
reddit
People watch smoke rising from the Syrian town of Ain al-Arab, known as Kobane by the Kurds, after an air strike, on October 8, 2014 in the Turkish-Syrian border, in the southeastern village of Mursitpinar, Sanliurfa province. AFP PHOTO / ARIS MESSINIS        (Photo credit should read ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
By Daren Butler and Oliver Holmes
MURSITPINAR, Turkey/BEIRUT, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Islamic State fighters seized more than a third of the Syrian border town of Kobani, a monitoring group said on Thursday, as U.S.-led air strikes failed to halt their advance and Turkish forces looked on without intervening.
With Washington ruling out a ground operation in Syria, Turkey said it was unrealistic to expect it to mount a cross-border operation alone to relieve the mainly Kurdish town.
The U.S. military said Kurdish forces appeared to be holding out in the town, which lies within sight of Turkish territory, following fresh airstrikes in the area against a militant training camp and fighters.
However, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Islamic State, still widely known by its former acronym of ISIS, had pushed forward on Thursday.
"ISIS control more than a third of Kobani - all eastern areas, a small part of the northeast and an area in the southeast," said Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Observatory, which monitors the Syrian civil war.
The commander of Kobani's heavily outgunned Kurdish defenders confirmed that the militants had made major gains, after a three-week battle that has also caused the worst street clashes in years between Turkish police and Kurdish protesters.
Militia chief Esmat al-Sheik put the area controlled by Islamic State, which controls large amounts of territory in Syria and neighboring Iraq, at about a quarter of the town. "The clashes are ongoing - street battles," he said by telephone from the town.
Explosions rocked Kobani throughout the day, with black smoke visible from the Turkish border a few kilometers (miles) away. Islamic State hoisted its black flag in the town overnight and a stray projectile landed 3 km (2 miles) inside Turkey.
The town's defenders say the United States is giving only token support with its air strikes, while Turkish tanks sent to the frontier look on but do nothing to defend the town, where the United Nations says only a few hundred remain. Over 180,000 people from the city and surrounding area have fled into Turkey.
U.S. Central Command said it had conducted five strikes near Kobani on Wednesday and Thursday, and that Kurdish forces still appeared to control most of the town.
The strikes damaged an Islamic State training camp and destroyed a support building, as well as hitting one small unit and one large unit of militant fighters, Centcom said.
UNREALISTIC EXPECTATIONS
Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, played down the chances of its forces going to the aid of Kobani.
"It is not realistic to expect Turkey to conduct a ground operation on its own," he told a joint news conference with visiting NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg. However, he added: "We are holding talks ... Once there is a common decision, Turkey will not hold back from playing its part."
Ankara resents suggestions from Washington that it is not pulling its weight, and wants broader joint action that also targets the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. "We strongly reject allegations of Turkish responsibility for the ISIS advance," said a senior Ankara government source.
"Our allies, especially the U.S. administration, dragged their feet for a very long time before deciding to take action against the catastrophic events happening in Syria," he added.
Turkey has long advocated action against Assad during the civil war, which grew out of a popular uprising in 2011. However, the United States called off air strikes on Damascus government forces at the last minute last year when Assad agreed to give up his chemical weapons. It has also managed so far to fly sorties across Syria with tacit consent from Assad.
Kerry, too, played down Kobani's significance as a pointer to U.S. policy, and said other towns might also be vulnerable to Islamic State as the U.S.-led efforts in the region would take "weeks and months" to play out.
"Kobani is a tragedy because it represents the evil of ISIS, but it is not the definition either of the strategy or the full measure of what is happening with response to ISIS," he told reporters in Boston.
"We are only a few weeks into building the coalition," Kerry said. "The primary goal of this effort has been to provide the space for Iraq to be able to get its government in place and to be begin to push back and to begin to be able to deprive them (Islamic State militants) of their command and control, their supply centers and their training. That is taking place."
Retired U.S. General John Allen, asked by President Barack Obama to oversee the creation and work of the anti-Islamic State coalition, was in Ankara on Thursday for two days of talks with Turkey's leaders.
President Tayyip Erdogan wants the U.S.-led alliance to enforce a "no-fly zone" to prevent Assad's air force flying over Syrian territory near the Turkish border, and to create a safe area for around 1.5 million Syrian refugees in Turkey to return.
Stoltenberg said neither had been discussed by NATO.
TURKISH CLASHES
The anger felt by Turkey's Kurds over Ankara's failure to help their brethren in Syria threatens to unravel a fragile peace process that Erdogan hoped would end a 30-year armed struggle for autonomy by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
At least 25 people died in the mainly Kurdish southeast of Turkey on Wednesday during clashes between security forces and Kurds demanding that the government do more to help Kobani.
On Thursday, gunmen wounded a police officer in an attack on a police station in Turkey's southeastern province of Siirt, where five people died during earlier protests. There were also clashes in Istanbul and Ankara.
Wednesday's violence prompted curfews to be imposed in five southeastern provinces, restrictions unseen since the height of the PKK's war against Turkish forces in the 1990s, and streets were calmer as a result.
Erdogan said protesters had exploited the events in Kobani as an excuse to sabotage the peace process.
Selahattin Demirtas, head of the Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP), which had urged Turkish Kurds to take to the streets this week, denied that this had provoked violence. He appealed for calm and said jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan had called for talks with the government to be stepped up.
Kurdish leaders in Syria have asked Ankara, so far in vain, to establish a corridor through Turkey to allow aid and possibly arms and fighters to reach Kobani.
Ankara is suspicious of Syria's Kurds for having achieved self-rule by tacit agreement with Assad after he lost control of the region to anti-government rebels, and fears this could revive secessionist aspirations among its own Kurds.
Turkish police fired tear gas against Kurdish protesters in the town of Suruc near the border overnight, and the shutters of most shops were kept shut in a traditional mark of protest.
Ferdi, a 21-year-old Turkish Kurd watching the smoke rising from Kobani, said if the town fell, the conflict would spread to Turkey. "In fact," he said, "it already has spread here."
(Additional reporting by Tom Perry, Mariam Karouny in Beirut, Humeyra Pamuk in Istanbul and Orhan Coskun, Tulay Karadeniz and Jonny Hogg in Ankara; Editing by David Stamp and Kevin Liffey)
Related on HuffPost:

A Wrongful Conviction Robbed Him Of His Freedom  And Then His LifeA Wrongful Conviction Robbed William Lopez Of His Freedom, And Then His Life
The Intercept
reddit
On a snowy evening in late March, just over a year after walking out of prison, where he had spent 23 years for a crime he didn’t commit, William Lopez entered a CVS in the Bronx and did something inexplicable.

Dallas hospital confirms isolated patient does not have EbolaDallas hospital confirms isolated patient does not have Ebola
Nifty seen opening lower; Infosys Q2 results eyedIIP
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7950 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 59 points lower at 7926 indicating gap-down opening on the domestic market.
Investors will also keep a close eye in Infosys which will declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 later today.
The company is expected to report net profit of Rs 2,864.4 crore, down 0.75 per cent, against Rs 2,886 crore, a quarter ago.
Consolidated revenues is likely to be at $2197 million, up 3 per cent, from $ 2133 million in previous quarter, says ET Now poll.
On the macro front, the government would unveil the IIP number later in the day. Industrial activity, as measured by the index of industrial production (IIP) is expected to expand to 2.4 per cent as compared to 0.5 per cent reported in the month of July.
Indian markets showed strong recovery after consecutive three day fall. BSE's Sensex gained 390.49 points and closed at 26637.28 while NSE's Nifty rose by 117.85 basis points and closed at 7960.55.
Nifty found support near 7840 on Wednesday and has bounced back sharply since then, thus averting the threat of an immediate decline.
"The present upside may stretch higher till 8035 - 8040 range in coming few sessions after a minor correction till 7910 - 7915 support," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"On the higher side the range of 8100 to 8160 would now act as a resistance for Nifty. The level of 7840 is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend the same as a stop loss (closing) for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower with S&P 500 posting its largest percentage decline in six months on concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
"The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since Aug. 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase," Reuters reported.
"German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and reports earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, at 16,659.25; the S&P 500 dropped 40.68, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21, and the Nasdaq Composite fell 90.26, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 15,301 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.3 per cent lower at 23,226.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.2 per cent lower at 1,941 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.37 per cent lower at 2,381.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud on the horizon  India getsreadyThe IMD has forecast damage to non-permanent structures and communications facilities.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 8:42 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 10:36 am
With two days to go for the “very severe cyclonic storm” Hudhud to hit the country’s eastern coast, the official administration has swung into action, holding review meetings and placing disaster response teams in place. While the force of the storm is expected to be lesser than that of Phailin that led to 36 deaths and damage worth crores of rupees last year, the IMD has forecast damage to non-permanent structures and communications facilities.
Where is it headed?
On Thursday, Hudhud was situated about 700km southeast of Gopalpur in Orissa and east-southeast of Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh. It currently has wind speeds of about 90-100kmph, moving west-northwestward towards the coast. By Friday afternoon, it is expected to gain speeds of up to 150kmph, transforming from a ‘severe’ to a ‘very severe’ cyclonic storm and remain so on Saturday and Sunday before crossing the northern coast near Visakhapatnam. The cyclone is expected to dissipate over the next two days.
What will happen?
According to IMD, Hudhud will result in “heavy to very heavy” rainfall in southern Orissa and northern Andhra Pradesh. East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts in Andhra Pradesh can expect rainfall in excess of 24 cm. The sea will be rough from Saturday morning with a surge of about 1-2 m, inundating low-lying areas of East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts. The result: Extensive damage to “kutcha” houses; partial disruption of power and communication lines; minor disruption of rail and road traffic.
What is the govt doing?
Centre: NDRF has placed almost 5,000 personnel based in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, West Bengal and Bihar on high alert. Six rescue teams have been deployed in four districts in Andhra — Srikakulam, Visakhapatnam, Vijaynagaram and East Godavari. Nine teams will cover Orissa – in Ganjam, Khurda, Gajpatti, Cuttack, Puri and Balasore. Also being deployed are 162 boats, and 54 deep diving sets.
Orissa: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has urged Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley to ensure IAF support for rescue and relief operations “as and when required”.
Andhra Pradesh: Collectors of coastal districts have been asked to put in place measures to prevent fatalities and damage to property. Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has put off a scheduled visit to the district on Friday.
What’s Oman got to do with it?
Hudhud in Arabic refers to the Hoopoe, a bird that has mythical connotations in the Middle East. The name was contributed by Oman to a list of names for cyclonic storms in the region. Eight countries — Bangladesh, India, Maldives, Myanmar, Oman, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Thailand — contributed a set of eight names each. Of the 64 names, Hudhud stands at No 37. Five names from India have been used and the sixth ‘Megh’ is marked at No 42.
Remember Phailin?

Express 5: Jaitley warns Pakistan; School students get a Modi crashcourseWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 8:37 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 8:44 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. India-Pak LoC Tension.
 
Taking a tough line over ceasefire violations in Jammu and Kashmir, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday warned Pakistan that it would have to bear an “unaffordable” cost if it continued with its “adventurism”.
READ MORE: Arun Jaitley warns Pakistan, PM Narendra Modi praises troops as ceasefire violations continues
2. Modi’s School
The central hall of the school is watched over by framed portraits of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, Swami Vivekananda, Subhash Chandra Bose, Maharana Pratap and Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi. The school also lets BJP workers use the space to hold meetings.
READ MORE: In RSS-backed school, students get a Modi crash course
3. Love Jihad
The lawyer calls them “mobile cases”. “In our times, it was glances, friends, love letters, a long and often unsure process. Now, just a missed call can kickstart a life-changing event. Razai mein let ke, ghanto vibration pe baat ho rahi hai (Under covers, they chat for hours with ringers off)…
READ MORE: It is tech, not terror, that’s shrinking boundaries in Adityanath’s home turf
4. Opinion
The BJP has long remained on the fringes of Haryana’s political scene, tasting power only twice as a junior coalition partner, once with Bansi Lal’s Haryana Vikas Party, and later with Om Prakash Chautala’s Indian National Lok Dal. However, its performance in the Lok Sabha elections, both at the national level and in Haryana, has completely altered the equations in the state and has set the stage for a triangular contest.
READ MORE: Leading From the centre
5. Rebel’s cause
The left-hander though wasn’t the only West Indian to remain in the shadows during the summer of 2011. Dwayne Bravo would play the first two ODIs of the series in Port-of-Spain and then take an unforced and indefinite break from the game, the reason being psychological.

Market eyes Infy Q2 results; Nifty seen opening lower | Live BlogIIP
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 7950 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 59 points lower at 7926 indicating gap-down opening on the domestic market.
Investors will also keep a close eye in Infosys which will declare its results for the quarter ended September 30 later today.
The company is expected to report net profit of Rs 2,864.4 crore, down 0.75 per cent, against Rs 2,886 crore, a quarter ago.
Consolidated revenues is likely to be at $2197 million, up 3 per cent, from $ 2133 million in previous quarter, says ET Now poll.
On the macro front, the government would unveil the IIP number later in the day. Industrial activity, as measured by the index of industrial production (IIP) is expected to expand to 2.4 per cent as compared to 0.5 per cent reported in the month of July.
Indian markets showed strong recovery after consecutive three day fall. BSE's Sensex gained 390.49 points and closed at 26637.28 while NSE's Nifty rose by 117.85 basis points and closed at 7960.55.
Nifty found support near 7840 on Wednesday and has bounced back sharply since then, thus averting the threat of an immediate decline.
"The present upside may stretch higher till 8035 - 8040 range in coming few sessions after a minor correction till 7910 - 7915 support," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"On the higher side the range of 8100 to 8160 would now act as a resistance for Nifty. The level of 7840 is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend the same as a stop loss (closing) for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower with S&P 500 posting its largest percentage decline in six months on concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
"The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since Aug. 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase," Reuters reported.
"German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and reports earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, at 16,659.25; the S&P 500 dropped 40.68, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21, and the Nasdaq Composite fell 90.26, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 15,301 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.3 per cent lower at 23,226.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 1.2 per cent lower at 1,941 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.37 per cent lower at 2,381.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian rupee opens lower at 61.15 per dollarOct 10, 2014, 09.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.15 per dollar
Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak taking cues from strong dollar. See rupee ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.15 per dollar
Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak taking cues from strong dollar. See rupee ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened lower by 10 paise on Friday at 61.15 per dollar versus 61.05 Thursday.
Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity said, "Today investors are likely to trade cautiously ahead of vital macro data. Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak taking cues from strong dollar. See rupee ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar."
Euro on the back foot having come under renewed pressure overnight after weak German data raised fears of a recession in Europe's largest economy. Dollar index is around the 85 mark.
RELATED NEWS

See negative opening: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See negative opening: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, the markets to open on a negative note as global markets fell steeply yesterday.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' market report:
Sensex, on Thursday, rallied 390 points and closed at 26,637 following recovery in global markets as FOMC meeting minutes signaled Fed’s intention to go slow on raising interest rates. Among sectors, Capital Goods, Realty, Bankex, Power and Metal ended strong. Among stocks, BHEL, Hindalco, SBI, HDFC and ICICI Bank ended on a positive note. Market breadth was positive with 2,034 advances against 921declines.
 
Nifty gained 117 points and closed at 7,961. Today we expect the markets to open on a negative note as global markets fell steeply yesterday.      
 
US markets ended the day on negative note. Dow Jones and Nasdaq were down by 1.97 percent and 2.03 percent  respectively as global growth worries resurfaced. Today, will see data releases on Import Prices m/m and Federal Budget Balance.
 
Asian markets are trading on a negative note with Nikkei down 0.98percent  and Hang Seng down1.36 percent  mirroring the fall in US markets. SGX Nifty is trading down 60 points at 7,925. Indian ADRs ended the day on negative note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank was down 0.52 percent , while HDFC Bank was up 0.12 percent . Among IT ADRs, Infosys was down1.59 percent  while Wipro was down 1.65 percent . Tata Motors was down 1.85percent .
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

10-year yields seen in 8.40-8.60% range: Ashutosh RainaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
10-year yields seen in 8.40-8.60% range: Ashutosh Raina
The 10-year benchmark yields are expected to trade in the range of 8.40-8.60 percent, says Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank said, "Bonds took a beating yesterday on the back of reverse OMO announced by the RBI. It seems that the RBI is comfortable with liquidity in the system and is aiming to keep yields attractive. The 10-year benchmark yields are expected to trade in the range of 8.40-8.60 percent."
RELATED NEWS

UPDATE 1-Australia miners push for China tariff relief for battered coal sectorUPDATE 1-Australia miners push for China tariff relief for battered coal sector
FB s Mark Zuckerberg in India  looks to work with PM Modi on connecting villagesFB s Mark Zuckerberg in India  looks to work with PM Modi on connecting villages
French Nobel winner: writing is  headlong rushFrench Nobel winner: writing is  headlong rush
Microsoft CEO draws flak over  karma  pay commentHi Guest
Microsoft CEO apologises for comment on women's salaries
Nadella's comments generated angry comments from various quarters including in the US and India, through blogs, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn among others, while many went on to say that there was as such a huge lack of gender diversity at tech companies. Satya Nadella, India-born CEO of Microsoft, landed in a soup for saying that women employees need not ask for pay hikes, for which he had to later apologise and admit that he was "completely wrong" with such "inarticulate" comments.  "It's ...

U.S. Supreme Court blocks Wisconsin voter ID lawU.S. Supreme Court blocks Wisconsin voter ID law
Amazon set to open a physical store: WSJAmazon set to open a physical store: WSJ
Government Approves Projects in Dash for Growth  Alarming Green GroupsGovernment Approves Projects in Dash for Growth  Alarming Green Groups
Super Typhoon Vongfong Eyes JapanSuper Typhoon Vongfong Eyes Japan; Could Hit Country By End Of Week
AccuWeather  | By                                                                Eric Leister
This story originally appeared on AccuWeather.
While Japan is recovering from former Typhoon Phanfone , Super Typhoon Vongfong will turn northward across the Western Pacific Ocean and bring a new threat by the end of the week.
Vongfong brought flooding rainfall and damaging wind to the northern Mariana Islands on Sunday, local time. Wind gusts over 89 kph (55 mph) and rainfall over 75 millimeters (3 inches) were common.
It is now equivalent to a Category 5 hurricane with sustained winds of 270 kph (166 mph).
"Vongfong is the strongest tropical cyclone we've had all year anywhere on Earth," AccuWeather.com Meteorologist Jim Andrews said.
The strength of Vongfong has surpassed that of Super Typhoon Genevieve which, at its most powerful, had sustained winds of 257 kph (160 mph) in the West Pacific.
The combination of light wind shear and warm water allowed Vongfong to rapidly strengthen across the western Pacific Ocean so far this week.
Late in the week, while Vongfong is located south of Japan, the typhoon is expected to slow down and make a turn to the north. While there remains some uncertainty in the exact track of the storm, confidence is high that the powerful cyclone will track north toward Japan with the potential for a landfall in mainland Japan by early next week.
"Destructive winds and flooding rain will be the top threats," Andrews said.
The first target will be the northern Ryukyu Islands which could begin to feel impacts from Vongfong as early as Saturday or Saturday night.
"It's not out of the question that the storm gets hooked westward, making direct landfall on one or more of the northern or central Ryukyu islands late Saturday into Sunday, local time," Andrews said. "That would mean typhoon-force winds and flooding rain."
This animated GIF shows Vongfong tracking across the western Pacific Ocean. (NOAA/Satellite)
The worst impacts across mainland Japan are expected from Monday into Tuesday, with typhoon-force winds and inundating rainfall expected.
"How far west Vongfong is able to run will also determine whether there is a direct landfall in the island of Kyushu and thus the exact impact in cities such as Kagoshima," Andrews said.
Many areas at risk from Vongfong are still recovering from more than 150 millimeters (6 inches) of rain and strong winds that hammered eastern Japan from Sunday into Monday as Typhoon Phanfone moved through the region.
Tokyo was deluged by 272 millimeters (10.71 inches) of rain ahead of and during the height of Phanfone.
"Phanfone was a huge rainstorm for Tokyo, one of the biggest I can remember," Andrews added, noting moisture from the storm interacted with stalled front, prolonging the duration of rain.
There could be several inches of rain in Tokyo, almost exactly one week after Phanfone's impact.
"The threats are the same as they were with Phanfone," Andrews said. "There are some likenesses but also some differences in Phanfone's track. The results can vary markedly with small differences in track and storm speed."
All interests in Japan should continue to monitor this powerful typhoon.
Also on HuffPost:

21 Numbers That Explain Why The Time To Address Climate Change Is Right Now  Or Maybe YesterdayPrevious Story
Next Story
21 Numbers That Explain Why The Time To Address Climate Change Is Right Now, Or Maybe Yesterday
reddit
As this week's viral photo of 35,000 walruses crammed on an Alaskan shore reminds us, the climate crisis is still very much a thing. For those who missed it, a lack of Arctic ice evidently forced the poor creatures to huddle together on a narrow piece of land out of desperation -- normally, they're observed lying more spread out. (The same thing happened last year as well.)
The plight of the walruses is striking, but climate change is also having all kinds of other, less readily visible effects. It's been shown to produce heat waves around the world , contribute to global wildlife extinction and maybe even reduce gravity .
Below, we give you 21 numbers to help explain one of the most pressing global issues of our time.
0.01%
Percentage of working climate scientists who reject man-made global warming. According to research by the geologist James Lawrence Powell, among 9,136 scientists who published a combined 2,258 peer-reviewed climate articles between November 2012 and December 2013, just one person rejected the idea that humans are changing Earth's climate. Another review looked at 4,000 peer-reviewed papers on climate change and found that a full 97 percent identified humans as the cause.
90%
Percentage of 108 climate change denial books published between 1982 and 2010 that were not peer-reviewed. The books variously denied that climate change is happening, that humans are at fault, that climate change is having a negative effect on the environment, or any combination of the three. A strong link was also found between the books and conservative think tanks . Seventy-two percent of the books were published by an author or editor with a verifiable affiliation to some such group.
800,000 to 15,000,000
Number of years it's been since carbon dioxide levels were as high as they are now. Not only did humans not exist back then, but the oceans were 100 feet higher than they are today and the world's surface temperature was 11 degrees warmer than it is now.
1895
The year Svante Arrhenius presented a paper describing the impact of increased carbon dioxide on Earth's greenhouse effect. Arrhenius, a Swedish physicist and chemist, hypothesized that changes in concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases could have a significant impact on the planet's surface temperatures. While Arrhenius was not the first to suggest humans might be capable of influencing the climate, his research shows that the basic science of global warming has been understood for more than a century. Yet somehow, there are still public figures in the U.S. debating whether it's real.
42%
The percentage by which atmospheric carbon dioxide has risen since the Industrial Revolution. Concentrations of methane and nitrous oxide , two other important greenhouse gases, have risen 153 percent and 21 percent from pre-Industrial levels, respectively.
2°C
The generally accepted maximum increase in average global temperature that humans can sustain without dangerous consequences. It was proposed as a policy target by the EU in 1996, and again in the Copenhagen Accord of 2009. After the planet warms by more than two degrees Celsius, or roughly 3.5 degrees Fahrenheit, relative to pre-Industrial times -- as it is currently on track to do -- humans could face more of the negative consequences of climate change, such as more frequent food shortages, extreme weather and mass extinction of plant and animal species.
800,000,000,000
Estimated total number of metric tons of carbon that humans can pump into the atmosphere before average global temperatures rise more than two degrees Celsius. According to a 2013 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, 800 billion tons is Earth's "carbon budget," and we've already used up close to two-thirds of it.
19.6
The number of pounds of carbon dioxide produced by burning one gallon (6.3 pounds) of gasoline. One gallon of diesel fuel does even more damage, releases 22.38 pounds of CO2 into the atmosphere. The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates that gasoline- and diesel-fueled transportation added 1,522 million metric tons of carbon to the environment in 2013.
25%
The percentage increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere between 1959 and 2013. That's a rise from 316 parts per million to 397 ppm. Over the past two decades, the average annual increase rose from 1.9 ppm to 2.1 ppm.
400,000
Estimated number of annual deaths due to factors influenced by climate change. A 2012 report published by the European nonprofit DARA estimated the average number of fatalities due to "hunger and communicative diseases" related to extreme weather affected by climate change. These conditions appear to hit the children of developing countries particularly hard. A group of doctors recently estimated that up to 7 million people may face premature death as a result of indoor and outdoor air pollution linked to fossil fuel consumption.
$696,000,000,000
Loss in 2010 global GDP estimated to have been caused by climate change. By 2030, researchers estimate that 3.2 percent of annual global GDP will be lost due to climate change, through consequences such as negative effects on crop yields. In developing countries, the loss may be even greater -- up to 11 percent of a nation's GDP.
1.7 to 3.2
The average number of feet by which global sea levels are expected to rise by 2100. This estimate by the IPCC assumes that greenhouse gas emissions will continue to climb at present-day rates. Sea levels around the globe are not expected to rise evenly, and some regions, such as the Mid-Atlantic U.S. , are believed to be particularly vulnerable.
4
Number of feet global sea levels could rise if the increasingly unstable West Antarctic ice sheet should collapse. The sheet is already thinning, and one study has called its eventual collapse " unstoppable ." However, while the ice sheet's melt would cause already-rising global sea levels to climb even higher, researchers do not believe that will start any time soon -- in a worst-case scenario, rapid collapse might begin 200 to 1,000 years from now.
2041
Year when it will become too late to stop Miami from slipping below sea level, due to greenhouse gas emissions already built up in the atmosphere. This doesn't mean Miami will actually be underwater by 2041 -- but if emissions continue at their current rates, 2041 is the year there will be no way to reverse the sort of sea-level rise that would end up drowning most of the city.
11.5°F
High-level projection for average global temperature increase by 2100. A low-level projection puts the average global increase at 2 degrees Fahrenheit, but changes in temperature are expected to vary by location.
0.3°C to 0.5°C
Estimated decrease in regional temperature by 2100, if certain presently non-forested areas of Europe are converted to deciduous forest. Though it's unlikely to happen, a 2013 study illustrated the benefits of using vegetation as a weapon against climate change.
70-plus
Number of days in 2011 when the temperature in parts of the U.S. was at least 100 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the National Climate Assessment. Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona and Southern California were particularly hard-hit with scorching hot weather that year, a trend that is expected to increase with climate change.
14.9
Average number of days each year when temperatures in New York City exceed 90 degrees Fahrenheit. That's based on data collected between 1870 and 2013. The last year when New York City had only one day of 90-plus temperatures was 1902 .
69
High-level estimate of how many days per year New York City will have temperatures above 90 degrees Fahrenheit if emissions aren't curtailed. That's the projection for the year 2100. A low-level estimate puts that number at 18 days. Other cities could face a much hotter future. In Miami, by 2100, almost 200 days out of the year could be 90 degrees or above.
9
Number of the top 10 hottest years on record that have occurred in the 21st century. The other year was 1998, and 2010 was the hottest year of all since record-keeping began in 1880.
71%
The percentage increase in very heavy precipitation events recorded in the Northeastern U.S. between 1958 and 2012. Only Hawaii saw a decrease in precipitation (12 percent) during that time frame. The Midwest experienced a 16 to 37 percent rise in heavy precipitation, and the South saw a 27 percent increase.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article misstated the amounts by which atmospheric carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide have risen since the Industrial Revolution. They have risen by 42 percent, 153 percent and 21 percent, respectively. In addition, this article previously described the Earth's carbon budget as 800 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide. In fact, it is 800 billion metric tons of carbon.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Gold prices rise by Rs 120 on festive demandNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 15:44 IST
Gold prices rise by Rs 120 on festive demand
PTI
The Hindu Gold coins showcased at a jewellery show room in Kochi. A file photo: K.K. Mustafah.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
Continuing its rising streak for the third straight day, gold prices rose by Rs 120 to Rs 27,400 per ten grams in New Delhi on Wednesday on sustained buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing festive season demand and a firming global trend.
However, silver lacked necessary buying support from industrial units and coin makers and closed lower.
Traders said persistent buying by jewellers and retailers to meet the festive season demand and a firming global trend as the drop to this year’s low lured Chinese buyers returning from a week-long break, mainly kept gold prices higher.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, climbed 0.5 per cent to $ 1,214.85 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity added Rs 120 each to Rs 27,400 and Rs 27,200 per ten gram, respectively. It had gained Rs 250 in the previous two days.
Sovereign followed suit and traded higher by Rs 50 to Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram.
On the other hand, silver ready fell by Rs 250 to Rs 39,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 170 to Rs 38,455 per kg due to easing demand at prevailing levels.
Silver coins, however, continued to be traded at Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces on scattered deals.

Sensex down 25 points in choppy tradeUpdated: October 8, 2014 20:01 IST
Sensex down 25 points in choppy trade
PTI
The Hindu A file picture shows a stock broker reacts to the share prices on BSE in MUmbai. Photo: Paul Noronha.
VIDEO
stocks
In choppy trade, the BSE Sensex on Wednesday ended over 25 points lower with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the benchmark index.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the Sensex slipped further to touch the day’s low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and barometer rose to day’s high of 26,338.31. It finally settled at 26,246.79, 25.18 points, or 0.10 per cent lower than its previous close.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The 50-share NSE Nifty ended in negative terrain with a marginal fall of 9.70 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 7,842.70.
Nifty moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment is hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the IMF’s cut its growth forecast for global economy next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on Tuesday.
OF 30-share Sensex, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hind Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘buy’, dragging the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers’ fancy. PSU index up by 1.61 per cent.

Ten-year bonds hit one-year highbonds
India’s 10-year benchmark bonds rallied on Wednesday, with the yield hitting the lowest in more than a year on speculation that the government may soon announce the enhancement of debt limits for foreign portfolio investors. Bonds also got a late push after Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor H. R. Khan said the central bank was working on an international settlement agreement for local bonds.
For now the settlement will for government bonds only, Mr. Khan said at a conference on Wednesday. According to the latest regulatory data, foreign funds have exhausted almost 100 per cent of the $25-billion limit allocated to them.

Cyclone alert for Andamans  AP-Odisha coast put under watchCyclone ‘alert’ for Andamans, AP-Odisha coast put under ‘watch’
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 7:  
India Met Department has declared a cyclone formation alert for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and a pre-cyclone watch for Odisha and Andhra Pradesh coasts on Tuesday.
The Met located the causative monsoon depression to 250 km east-southeast of Long Island, a small island in the Andamans Islands.
Huge distance
The nearest point of reference for the US Joint Typhoon Warning Centre was Bangkok, 630 km east-northeast of the depression.
It only helped indicate the huge distance that separates the system from any point on mainland India. It will take four-five days for it to reach the mainland as a cyclonic storm.
The cyclone is to be named after Hudhud, the national bird of Israel, and is an official entry to the list of cyclone names contributed by Oman.
Meanwhile, the Met expects the depression to move west-northwest and become a deep depression by Wednesday and a cyclonic storm the day after.
Cyclone intensity
It will have crossed the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and stepped out into the open waters of the Bay of Bengal from where it would head straight to the Odisha and Andhra Pradesh coasts.
It will have enough time and space to ramp up into a severe cyclone, or even a very severe one, according to international models.
The US Navy’s Joint Typhoon Warning Centre upgraded to ‘medium’ the possibility of a ‘significant tropical cyclone’ spinning up in the Bay in the next 24 hours.
Successor cyclone?
An experimental forecast made by a US-based tracker finds the distinct possibility of a second cyclonic storm in the Bay of Bengal towards the end of the month.
It sees the system taking shape yet again in the Andaman Islands and travelling along a mostly westward track towards north Andhra Pradesh-Chennai coasts by November 1. Meanwhile, model forecasts favour the building first cyclone of the northeast monsoon season to gather considerable strength before making a landfall over Odisha-Andhra Pradesh coasts.
The track being projected is very close to the one tracked by Super Cyclone Phailin around the same time last year. Phailin had crossed coast on October 12.
The Met has forecast isolated heavy rainfall for south interior Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Puducherry on Wednesday as the incumbent system in the Bay evolves further.
Weather over Andaman and Nicobar Islands may take a turn for the worse with the expected crossing of the cyclonic storm near the Long Island.
Gale-force winds have been forecast reaching 70- to 80 km/hr, and fishermen have been directed not to venture out into the sea for next two days.
Isolated heavy rainfall would continue to lash south interior Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Sebi promises more reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cashing in on the e-commerce opportunityCashing in on the e-commerce opportunity
Ram Prasad Sahu & Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 10:47 PM IST
The Indian internet user base is the third largest in the world but the business to consumer (B2C) e-commerce market is estimated to be only $13 billion. However, a predominantly young user population, lower device and access costs, as well as higher internet speeds and smartphone penetration, is expected to help boost growth.
Given the expected rise in customer base and supporting environment for internet adoption, Credit Suisse analysts estimate e-commerce retailing or e-tailing would have a market value of $60 bn by 2020. India has about 250 million internet users, with barely a tenth (25 mn) being online shoppers. This number is expected to double over the next six years.
While 70 per cent of current e-commerce is contributed by the online travel segment, with the rapid rise of various niches such as classifieds (Olx, Quickr) and e-tailing (Flipkart, Snapdeal), one may expect the share of other segments to increase. Given the potential, funding for some of the larger Indian e-commerce companies has not been a problem and should help these firms expand operations.
For investors, though, there are very few listed options. Most analysts highlight names such as Info Edge, Just Dial and Blue Dart that investors could consider to ride the Indian e-commerce boom. MakeMyTrip is another but is listed in the US markets. Investors should remember that valuations are rich for most of these companies and a correction in share prices could be a good time to consider these.
Blue Dart Express
This company has 49 per cent of the organised air express market. It gets about 18 per cent of revenues from the e-commerce segment. The online commerce segment is expected to boost its overall growth, given the 50-60 per cent sectoral growth expected over the next five years. The Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) margin is 12 per cent and the higher share of e-commerce revenue, which has a margin upwards of 15 per cent, means higher profitability for the company. Its strong customer base, extensive network and technology support from parent DHL Express should help the company gain the most from the express services segment and particularly the fast growing e-commerce business.
While analysts believe e-commerce will be a key growth driver, the stock trades at an expensive 59 times its FY16 earnings per share estimates. The valuations have surged mainly from April this year. In this backdrop, investors could await a meaningful correction before considering the stock.
Info Edge
Info Edge owns a host of classified websites -- Naukri.com, 99acres.com, Zomato.com and Jeevansathi.com, among others. Naukri.com and 99acres.com are leaders in their respective domains and account for most of the revenue (Naukri.com for most of the profit). Economic recovery augurs well for both these. For Naukri.com, competition is limited in the lower-to-mid segments where it dominates. Yet, high competition from MagicBricks, CommonFloors, IndiaProperty and Housing.co.in is a key concern and could delay the break-even event of 99acres to FY17, believe analysts.
Zomato and Meritnation are growing well but require continuous investments. As the smaller businesses attain scale and break even, Info Edge's profits will become more diversified. Jeevansathi.com is a number three player and is making losses. The management does not plan to make big investments to revive this portal. Overall, analysts expect Info Edge's revenue and net profit to grow at an annual 23 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively, over FY14-17.
Additionally, Info Edge owns strategic stakes in early stage ventures such as policybazaar.com, mydala.com and happilyunmarried.com. These offer scope for monetisation (listing, private equity investment) in the medium to longer term. However, while investment in start-ups is a growth opportunity for Info Edge, it is also a key risk. The company has written off loss-making businesses earlier and the possibility of more of such cannot be ruled out, given the nature of the businesses. The good part is Info Edge’s total investments in these are not significant enough to be a major worry.
Just Dial
Just Dial is India's leading local search engine on the voice medium. Its online (website) and mobile application search platforms are still nascent. The number of searches on the internet, though, are rising for Just Dial and presents a huge growth opportunity. The company recently launched Search Plus, which combines searches with offline transactions.
For example, a user can search for a local restaurant and book a table/ order food there as well. The offering is in a nascent stage and will play an important role in Just Dial's internet and mobile business growth. High competition from peer search engines (Google Plus, Askme, Getit) and vertical websites (Zomato, bookmyshow) is a key risk. Only two to three per cent of Just Dial's total users are paying clients and, hence, the potential for monetisation remains high. Management expects this metric to grow to 4-4.5% over the next three-four years. Analysts expect the company's revenues to post 30-32% CAGR over FY14-17.

See exponential growth potential for FB in IndiaExponential growth potential for Facebook in India, says founder Mark Zuckerberg
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:37 IST
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
Seeing exponential growth potential for Facebook in India, its co-founder Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world.
The CEO of the California-headquartered firm , who is on his first visit to India, said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme.
"India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the country. We see lot of growth for us here. Tomorrow I'm meeting the Prime Minister. He is committed to connecting villages online and we are excited to see how Facebook can help," Zuckerberg said in New Delhi.
India has about 243 million Internet users and have 100 million plus Facebook users, but there are over a billion people in the country who do not have access to the net, he added.
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg announced that Facebook is creating a $1 million fund to help developers develop apps for farmers, migrants and women. This will be a contest to drive new apps and services in local languages.
"Since 2007, Facebook has been working on new apps and services in local languages. About 65 per cent use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages," he added.
On barriers in Internet penetration, he said: "There are three major barriers to connectivity network, affordability and content."
Zuckerberg, counted among the youngest tech billionaires, said free basic internet access should be like dialing 911 in the US or 100 in India.
Technology has to serve the society, he said adding that connectivity cannot be a privilege of the rich and powerful.
"When the benefits of technology are shared across the whole society, that is when we can make the big leap. Because India has embraced science, the next generation has the opportunity to bring the world to India and India to the world," he added.
He said that the whole world being robbed of creativity and ideas because so many people in India are not online.
Zuckerberg said through Internet.org, the industry aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focused on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.

Correspondent CNBC-TV18Correspondent
CNBC-TV18
Gopika Gopakumar is a Correspondent at CNBC-TV18. She has done her journalism from Asian College of Journalism.
ABOUT Gopika Gopakumar
Gopika Gopakumar is a Correspondent at CNBC-TV18. She has done her journalism from Asian College of Journalism.

Index Business Head MSCIDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Apple delays production of larger iPad: Report16
0
Bangalore: Apple suppliers have delayed the production of a larger iPad to early next year, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The suppliers had planned to start producing the larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhones to keep up with demand, the WSJ said.
Foxconn Technology Co Ltd, which assembles iPhones and iPads, has 200,000 workers in China already putting together new iPhones and making items such as metal casings, the Journal said.
Apple is expected to launch the new iPads at an event on October 16.
#apple #ipad #tablet #larger ipad
Apple is expected to launch the new iPads at an event on October 16.
Asian suppliers expect Apple's larger tablet to have a 12.9-inch liquid-crystal-display screen with a resolution similar to the iPad Air launched in October last year, the WSJ said.
Data research firm IDC said in August that it expected tablet sales to slow globally in 2014.
Apple was not immediately available for comment.
The company said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first weekend they were available in September.
2

US has Pakistan fatigueThe heating of the India-Pakistan Line of Control with increased firing and targeting of civilians, in which 10 people have died, has caused concern in Washington with US officials privately and publicly stressing restraint on both sides.
 
"We are concerned about any violence along the line of control. We continue to encourage the governments of India and Pakistan to engage in further dialogue to address these issues," State Department Spokesperson, Jen Psaki said.
 
For good measure, she added that US “policy on Kashmir has not changed. We still believe that the pace, scope, and character of India and Pakistan's dialogue on Kashmir is for those two countries to determine," she said in response to a question.
 
Is the Pakistan Army feeling abandoned by America in the wake of a successful and high-visibility visit by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the United States? Modi was feted at the White House and given a personal tour of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial by President Barack Obama himself. This couldn’t have pleased the Pakistan army.
 
To add insult to injury, Obama did not raise Kashmir with Modi, according to NSC senior director Philip Reinder, who briefed Indian and Pakistan journalists last week. Even the word Kashmir did not come up.
 
The joint statement talked clearly of India and the US working together to dismantle Pakistan-based terrorist groups, a fact that must have landed like a brick in Rawalpindi.
 
US officials see the ratcheting up of tensions on the LOC in several ways. First, they point out, it is a periodic occurrence and both sides do it.
 
Second, they think increased firing by the Pakistan army might be designed to get international attention, especially American attention.
 
Third, the extremely murky domestic situation where the Army is busy asserting its primacy over foreign and security policies and keeping Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in check. Sharif has been under siege for more than a month because of protests led by Tehreek-e-Insaf leader Imran Khan and a Canada-based cleric, Tahir-ul-Qadri. They are demanding his resignation.
 
The Pakistan Army is indirectly behind the drama to reduce Sharif’s maneuverability because he dared to think of making peace with India. His decision to attend Modi’s swearing-in was seen as kowtowing.
 
“Ties with India must come from the army and on the army’s terms,” says Aparna Pande of the Hudson Institute, who has written a book on Pakistan’s foreign policy. Sharif has effectively been cut down to size, thanks to the protests and his own inability to govern effectively.
 
There is talk of calling mid-term elections next year, which, if they take place, will surely see an erosion of votes for Sharif, Pande said. Sharif is slowly losing the confidence of the people, thanks to Imran Khan’s games. 
 
A semi-election campaign might already be underway – how else does one explain Bilawal Bhutto Zardari’s sudden outburst on Kashmir, if not to eat into Sharif’s stronghold in Punjab?  Incidentally, his provocative statements have not gone down well in Washington.
 
The LOC flare-up also ensures that India will not be making a peace offering to Sharif to help boost the civilian government. The Pakistan army has blocked this diplomatic space for the time being.
 
The firing may also be designed to provoke India into making a foolish move, given that Modi and the BJP generally are more hawkish on Pakistan.  US officials hope New Delhi won’t make a false move, which could lead to a bigger conflagration.
 
Washington is preoccupied with two major crises – fighting ISIS and Ebola, which claimed its first victim in the US. Pakistan has been pushed down the ladder of importance. In fact, US analysts also say there is a distinct “Pakistan fatigue” in the Obama Administration.
 
The Americans are tired of baby-sitting the Pakistan Army, they say. But at the same time the administration will not make an “unfriendly” move against Rawalpindi. There are many within the bowels of the State Department and the Pentagon who still have sympathy for Pakistan, nurtured over the years because of Islamabad’s willingness to be a vehicle of US policy in Afghanistan starting with the Soviet invasion in 1979.
 
President Obama himself has gone from seriously trying to engage the Pakistan military leadership under former Army Chief Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani in 2010 with real US assistance to help the country turn a corner to losing interest after discovering Kayani’s “obsession with India.”
 
Sources say Obama was disappointed by Kayani’s perspective on Afghanistan and India, which was filled with paranoid projections about New Delhi’s ambitions in the region and contained in a 14-page paper the former chief presented to Obama.
 
The lack of US attention might be the reason that Pakistan invoked the UNMOGIP or United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan to go and check the LOC situation. Usually Pakistan cries on American shoulders and asks for Washington to intervene and pressure India.
 
(The views expressed in the above article are that of Ms. Seema Sirohi, a senior journalist based in Washington D.C.)

Street Artist Turns A Giant Rusted Ship Into A Gorgeous Tribute To Monetreddit
The clusters of barnacles on the corroded hull of the old ship form the rocky shoreline in this impressionistic tribute to Monet by the Spanish street artist Pejac. Here on the shores of Cantabria in northern Spain, he bobs in the low tide while recreating a scene from a hundred forty or so years earlier over the harbor of Le Havre, France.
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
He says the tide alternately hides and reveals the work to passing vessels depending on the day. The original Monet work, 'Impression, Sunrise" was the inspiration for the very term Impressionism that was eventually applied to an entire movement of French painters who eschewed the rigidity of realism in favor of intuitional readings of light and movement in the material world.
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
"'Impression Sunrise' is an image that has always amazed me," says the artist as he describes how he worked with the mottled surface to produce additional effects of movement and light in Santander. "The first time I saw the Monet painting I was surprised by the title as I thought it was actually a sunset."
According to historians, many viewers thought so at the time as well, and for a while, a debate raged about the time of day Monet painted it. Interestingly, the exact time of this sunrise was announced just over a month ago by Physicist Donald Olson of Texas State University, who has calculated the painting to have originated November 13, 1872, right around 7:35 a.m. local time .
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
But it's the site specificity of this sea-vessel wall that makes this tribute so meaningful to Pejac. "I think that the rusted metallic hull of this semi-sunk ship gives life to the image. With the daily sea tides of the Cantabric ocean the work is constantly above and below water," he says, and because of it "the sea acts as a theater curtain."
In his studio work Pejac tenders illustration style scenes of slightly askew possibility: clever visual metaphors that repurpose everyday events and objects and venture into the fantastic and possibly treacherous world of the imagination populated with aspiration, adventure, fears and other subterraneal musings. As a street artist Pejac looks for the rips and tears in the physical world and fuses those musings with a weathered wall or a storm drain, for example, and re-imagines them as passages or windows into other imagined scenarios. Here in the sea, his impressionist tribute takes on characteristics he can't claim authorship of, but he relishes them nonetheless.
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
BSA had an opportunity to speak with Pejac and ask him about his practice on the street and how context factors into the process.
Brooklyn Street Art:How long have you been painting on the street?
Pejac: I started working in the streets in 2000 while I was living in Milan, Italy. But after leaving that great city this urge for public transgression kind of disappeared until about five years ago.
Brooklyn Street Art:Would you consider yourself a street artist, muralist, or a fine artist?
Pejac: A mix of all three actually. I just do not see that much of a difference. It's just a matter of where you paint. Nevertheless I am very moved by working in the public space as it is the ultimate form of giving art to people who might have never stepped into a museum or gallery. Sometimes art is seen as something only meant and understood by elite society. By making street art in certain kinds of neighborhoods you are aiming to break up this dumb preconception.
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
Brooklyn Street Art:Most of your outdoor installations are designed within the context of what already exists and by adopting the existing environments and merging them with your art one can say that your installations are site specific. Do you enjoy altering the viewer's perception with these installations?
Pejac: When doing a street work I always adapt to the very colors, textures and dimensions of the wall or whatever surface I'm working on. But as important as this is, it is also the visual and social context. Despite the fact that we live in a globalized and shrinking world where the artistic language breaks a lot of barriers.. there are still a huge variety of points of view from which to see our lives. Hence one work can have very different readings depending on the context and each work functions according to its location.
Brooklyn Street Art: Which is more difficult? Making a simple presentation, or a complex one?
Pejac: Making a work look simple is quite complex.
Brooklyn Street Art: Whose work on the street do you admire today?
Pejac: There are a few, but for example the work of the French artist Dran always makes me smile. I also find the work of the Spanish artist Aryz very different and stimulating.
'Impression, Sunrise" (Impression, soleil levant), 1872, Oil on canvas, Musée Marmottan, Paris, Monet, Claude-Oscar | 1840-1926
Brooklyn Street Art: Are these illusionary pieces simply to entertain, or do you sometimes have a larger philosophical meaning?
Pejac: I definitely do not see my work as simply entertaining. I'm interested in making people's brains turn, to think! It's like I would like my work to produce the same result as when you whisper into someone's ear. Gentle and discrete - but right into the brain... a whisper in the form of a question.
Brooklyn Street Art: What is the most challenging part of creating pieces on the street?
Pejac: First: Having the freedom of choosing where, how and when to do it. Second: Having a straight-forward communication with the public. Third: Contrary to the work done in studio, this one will never be for sale.
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
Pejac. "Impression (Sunset)" Santander, Spain. Summer 2014. (photo © Maximiliano Ruiz)
To see more of Pejac's work click HERE
_____
Please note: All content including images and text are © BrooklynStreetArt.com, unless otherwise noted. We like sharing BSA content for non-commercial purposes as long as you credit the photographer(s) and BSA, include a link to the original article URL and do not remove the photographer's name from the .jpg file. Otherwise, please refrain from re-posting. Thanks!
This article is also posted on Brooklyn Street Art .
Read all posts by Steven P. Harrington and Jaime Rojo on The Huffington Post HERE .
See new photos and read scintillating interviews every day on BrooklynStreetArt.com
Follow us on Instagram @bkstreetart
Follow us on TWITTER @bkstreetart
Follow Jaime Rojo & Steven Harrington on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bkstreetart
More:

Market jumps on Fed comfortMarket jumps on Fed comfort
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Indian markets posted their biggest single-day gain in three weeks, supported by positive global cues on hopes the US central bank might delay raising interest rates, as concerns related to the US economy remained.
Reversing three days of losses, the benchmark Sensex ended at 26,637.28 on Thursday, up 390.5 points, or 1.49 per cent, the most since September 18. The National Stock Exchange Nifty closed at 7,960.55, a rise of 117.85 points, or 1.5 per cent.
The gains were primarily led by banking, realty and capital goods blue-chip companies. Among the major gainers were Bharat Heavy ElectricalsLtd (BHEL) and Hindalco, which gained 8.4 per cent and six per cent, respectively. The BHEL stock posted its best gains in five months, after bagging an order of Rs 7,800 crore; Hindalco gained on news its China unit would start production ahead of schedule.
Members of the US Federal reserve’s Federal Open Market Committee said growth in the US “might be slower than expected if foreign economic growth came in weaker than anticipated”, according to minutes of the committee’s September 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday.
“The Fed’s view to maintain low interest over a ‘considerable time’ was impressed on stone after the minutes of the September 17 meeting were released. The global confidence was lower (in the last few weeks), as risk remained high because the market was expecting higher interest,” said Vinod Nair, head (fundamental research), Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
Prospects of an interest rate increase in the world’s largest economy have been spooking investors in the past few weeks. Foreign investors have pulled out about Rs 3,000 crore from Indian stocks in the past 10 trading sessions.
After selling stocks worth about Rs 1,000 crore on Wednesday, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net sellers by a marginal Rs 20 crore on Thursday.
Domestic institutional investors invested about Rs 600 crore in stocks, provisional data from stock exchanges showed.
Following the recent selling, the investment by FIIs so far this year stands at about $14 billion.
Owing to robust inflows, the Sensex has provided returns of about 26 per cent so far this year, the most among major world markets. The Indian market’s one-year forward valuations have move past their long-term historical averages.
Experts believe the market will take cues from companies’ earnings announcements for the September quarter. Information technology services major Infosys will kick-start the results season on Friday.
Analysts say to justify the high valuations, earnings will have to show an improvement. Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, head of research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, feels major downgrades might be past and from next year, stocks will see upgrades. “Near term, we think Sensex earnings growth might aggregate 15 per cent for FY15, marginally lower than our current bottom-up number of 18.5 per cent. Over the longer term, we expect earnings and markets to double in four years,” he said.

Facebooks CEO Zuckerberg says digital access can boost developmentFacebook’s CEO Zuckerberg to meet PM Modi today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 19:47 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:44 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Facebook’s CEO Mark Zuckerberg started an India visit on Thursday with an aim to link India’s pressing needs for development with his own ambitious plan to lift up hundreds of millions of people above the digital poverty line – and in the process build a huge market for his social network that made him a billionaire when he was only 23.
“People do need food, clothing, health and toilets,” the 30-year-old told a news conference. “Internet is an enabler of all these things. Nobody is going to say the internet is more important than food or clean water.”
Read: Internet for all, Zuckerberg’s India mantra
Zuckerberg, due to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, was asked about the leader’s Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan (Clean India Movement) and his meeting. “I am interested in learning how we can help. I am going to be listening,” he said of the meeting, saying the common interest was in Modi’s “Digital India” initiative.
He focused largely on his pet plan to bridge the digital divide, and said free “basic internet services” that demonstrate the utility of the information network would help millions discover the internet because they do not know how it would benefit them.
Facebook’s plan is to engage with telecom operators in countries such as the Philippines, Tanzania and Paraguay to test free Internet-based information services and then bring them to India. It is important to make such ventures profitable for telecom service providers, Zuckerberg said.
Asked about concerns on privacy in which Facebook is often used of intruding into the affairs of its users through its technology driven market research, Zuckerberg said his company believed in making products that are tweaked and modified on the basis of feedback from users.
“We have empathy for all cultures,” he said.

Raghuram Rajan warns of another global financial crisisNEW DELHI, August 8, 2014
Updated: August 8, 2014 00:12 IST
Raghuram Rajan warns of another global financial crisis
Puja Mehra
economy (general)
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has warned that the world economy could be heading towards a crash much like the Great Depression of the 1930s as advanced countries in a bid to pull out of the global downturn are working at cross purposes.
He advocated greater coordination between the central banks of these countries so as to avert a replay of the 2008 financial crisis that the collapse of Wall Street firm Lehman Brothers had triggered and from which the global economy is yet to fully recover.
As was the case in the 1930s, the lack of coordination between central banks across the world is producing spillovers that may be difficult to control and could plunge the world’s financial system into another crisis, Dr. Rajan said in an interview to the Central Banking Journal on Wednesday.
Dr. Rajan, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund, had famously predicted the 2008 global meltdown.
“We are taking a greater chance of having another crash at a time when the world is less capable of bearing the cost,” he told the journal. Whereas countries had previously competed with one another to devalue their currencies to spur economic recovery, the favoured tool now is monetary easing, he said. One symptom of the imbalances in the world’s financial market is the over valuation of the euro in contrast to the Euro zone’s economic standing, he said.
The European Central Bank’s “very, very accommodative stance” is getting blunted by the ultra-loose monetary policies being pursued by other central banks, including the Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan and the Bank of England.
Dr. Rajan also warned that there could be sudden build ups of risk in the global financial system that might not be possible for economists to predict in time.
He cautioned of a repeat of the major market volatility seen in the aftermath of the Lehman collapse if investors who are chasing higher returns made possible by the loose monetary policies all exit their investments and positions at the same time.
To safeguard against such an eventuality, all central banks must unwind their monetary policies in a coordinated fashion, Dr. Rajan recommended.
(With inputs from Agencies)

OBO Bettermann set to begin productionUpdated: October 9, 2014 23:18 IST
OBO Bettermann set to begin production
Special Correspondent
productivity
The German firm holds 76 per cent in the joint venture and rest by the Indian partner
The Rs.80-crore Greenfield facility of OBO Bettermann India Private Ltd., an Indo-German joint venture, will go on stream on Friday. The facility is located at SIPCOT Industrial Growth Centre at Oragadam, near here.
The unit will start producing metal products of 3,000 types for cable management and lightning protection systems for electro-mechanical installations, especially for railways and telecom companies. The German firm holds 76 per cent in the joint venture. The rest is by the Indian partner, S. Gopakumar
Talking to reporters here on Thursday, Mr. Gopakumar, who is also the Managing Director of OBO Bettermann India, said that the Oragadam manufacturing facility provided employment to more than 230 people. The company would very soon set up a development centre and testing facility, he added.
“The commencement of operations at Oragadam unit will mean stoppage of imports. This unit will cater to the needs of domestic and export markets such as Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Middle East countries. The price differential between the imported products and local products is around 30 per cent, and it will be a huge savings,” said CEO Andreas Bettermann.
The joint venture unit would be ending January-December 2014 with a turnover of Rs.30 crore, and reach Rs.60-70 crore next year, Mr. Gopakumar said. The company was also planning to raise the capital by Rs.120 crore, he added.

IIM-B professor on WEF advisory panelIIM-B professor on WEF advisory panel
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, October 10:  
Venkatesh Panchapagesan, Associate Professor, Finance & Control Area, and Coordinator of IIM Bangalore-Century Real Estate Research Initiative, has been appointed as member of the advisory committee of the World Economic Forum on real estate.
Panchapagesan is expected to provide insights on the initiative called ‘Emerging Horizons in Real Estate – an Industry Initiative on Asset Price Dynamics’ and will help with the initial report at the World Economic Forum meeting at Davos in January 2015.
The report will aim to provide an understanding on how real estate bubbles develop, identify suitable key indicators to detect bubbles and discuss potential action, a press release said.
The advisory committee consists of global experts drawn from real estate, infrastructure, urban development, investors and financial services sectors.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

EBay brands itself as a place to  shop the worldOct 09, 2014 at 11:37pm IST
EBay brands itself as a place to 'shop the world'
21
0
New York: E-commerce site eBay is kicking off a global branding campaign that aims to draw attention to the wide array of goods it has available ahead of the holiday shopping season.
It's the first time eBay has created a campaign with the same message across four of its biggest markets: the US, Australia, Germany and the UK, with more countries expected to be added in 2015. And it comes as eBay preps for a split next year with payments unit PayPal, its fastest-growing segment.
Central to the campaign is an ad that will run in 15-, 30- and 60-second versions that shows goods like a surfboard and a smartphone in action in scenes around the world, as well as iconic images like Dorothy's red shoes in the "Wizard of Oz" and the guitar of rock legend Jimi Hendrix. Then it cuts to items shoppers were inspired to buy.
The campaign aims to drive great traffic into the eBay stores of sellers.
#ebay #brand name #campaign #shop the world
"It's a great big world, and it can all be yours here and only here," a voiceover states.
The goal is to put eBay at the forefront of shoppers' minds leading up to the holiday season, said Chief Marketing Officer Richelle Parham.
The campaign aims to "drive great traffic into the eBay stores of our sellers," she said. The company, which is based in San Jose, California, doesn't sell items itself but provides the platform for third parties to sell goods.
Parham added that the campaign will help people understand the "real eBay" as it works to shed its image as an auction site and become known globally as an overall e-commerce retailer. Parham noted that 80 percent of the items on the site are new and 78 percent are fixed-price merchandise.
The ad starts running on TV and online Monday.
10

Wall Street surrenders Fed-driven gains© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street sells off on growth concerns; volatility picks upS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

PM Narendra Modi hails Sachin Tendulkar s effort for  Swachh BharatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Street awaits Vishal Sikka s strategic road map at Infosys Q2 resultsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Odisha  Andhra Pradesh brace for cycloneHudhudComments
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh stocked shelters with rations and planned mass evacuations on Thursday as the states stepped up their preparedness for a powerful cyclone that is likely to hit the southeastern coast at the weekend.
Cyclone Hudhud is moving in from the Bay of Bengal and is expected to develop into a severe storm, packing wind speeds of up to 140 kilometres per hour, before hitting the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud.
“We are stocking all the essential commodities,” said Vishakhapatnam district collector N Yuvaraj.
“We are assessing the probable habitations which are to be evacuated. We have also warned fishermen not to venture out to sea, and are sending communication to those already out there to return to the coast.”
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu reviewed preparations with district officials while chief secretary IYR Krishna Rao directed district collectors to evacuate people from low-lying areas.
The weather office suggested suspension of fishing operations as the sea is likely to be rough off the cost of Andhra Pradesh where Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts are likely to bear the brunt of the storm.
Mobile service providers have sent messages to people in Telugu warning them of the cyclone.
The state is also in touch with the army and the air force, while four National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams have been sent to the Andhra coast.
Weather officials said the cyclone could skip Odisha, but the state was not taking chances.
More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready while 10 teams of the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight NDRF teams were deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a meeting with senior officials on Thursday to review the preparations.
“I reviewed the contingency plan of important departments like water resources, energy, food and civil supplies and works. Tomorrow, according to routine programme, there will be mock drill in cyclone shelters,” Patnaik said.
Cyclone Phailin struck Odisha last year, causing damage to houses and property but timely evacuation by the government minimised the loss of lives.

Sensex drops over 200 points in early tradeSensex tumbles over 300 points as global growth worries spark sell-off
Agencies
Tweet
Oct 10:  
The Indian benchmark indices lost over 1 per cent on Friday due to sell-off in global equities on concerns about the global economy. The head of IMF warned that Euro Zone could slip into recession and this influenced investor sentiment.
The BSE Sensex fell 1.28 per cent or 339 points to 26,297 while the NSE Nifty lost 1.26 per cent or 100.60 points to 7,860.
A weak trend on other Asian markets following overnight sell-off in the US markets also triggered selling by participants.
The 30-share barometer had gained 390.49 points in the previous session.
Barring IT and TECK, all the sectoral indices finished in negative zone. Metal index (-4%) lost the most followed by Auto (-2.56%), Bankex (-1.78%) and Capital Goods (-1.46%).
Tata Motors (-4.77%), Hindalco (-4.66%), SSLT (-4.2%) and Tata Steel (-4.16%) were the top losers in the Sensex 30.
Infosys’ shares soared 6.5 per cent to Rs 3,884 after the company reported its consolidated net profit rose by 28.6 per cent to Rs 3,096 crore in July-September 2014 quarter.
Global markets
European shares dropped on Friday, extending their recent pull-back and tracking steep losses in equities worldwide on mounting worries over the pace of global growth.
At 0740 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.6 per cent at 1,305.99 points, hitting a level not seen since early August. The benchmark index has tumbled 7.5 per cent since mid-September.
The sell-off comes on the back of weak data from Germany, Europe's biggest economy. On Thursday, data showed German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and figures earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output.
European markets were tracking a sell-off in equities globally, which saw major US stock indexes slide 2 per cent on Thursday on worries about the global growth outlook.
Asian shares shuddered and Brent crude oil prices tumbled to their lowest since 2010 on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that Europe's economic woes could drag down the global economy.
Many investors fear that the gradually recovery US economy - the world's largest, but comprising less than a quarter of the entire global economy - cannot escape unscathed as Europe stalls and other big economies, including China, Japan and Brazil, face their own hardships.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a fourth straight day on Friday, hitting a two-month low on concern about the global economy, and falling crude oil prices hurt oil shares. The Nikkei share average ended 1.2 per cent down at 15,300.55, the lowest closing since August 13. For the week, the benchmark dropped 2.6 per cent. Japanese markets are closed on Monday for a national holiday.
Hong Kong shares tumbled nearly 2 per cent on Friday on weakness in global equity markets plus jitters over a possible flare-up in pro-democracy protests in the city.
The Hang Seng Index dropped 1.9 per cent to 23,088.54 points.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys reports rise in Q2 net profitHighlights: Infosys reports 28.6 per cent rise in Q2 net profit
BT Online Bureau        Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 10:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys announced its September-quarter results on Friday and reported a 28.6 per cent rise in consolidated net profit (year-on-year) to Rs 30.96 billion.
Highlights:
>> Consolidated revenue for Q2 stood at Rs 133.42 billion
>> Infosys board declares interim dividend of Rs 30 per share as it extends gains to more than 3% in Q2
>> Infosys says the board approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held
>> Shares of the company gained over 5 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange after results beat estimates.
>> The company maintains revenue guidance for FY15 at 7-9 per cent.
(With agency inputs)

Former Ranbir Sena man  two others booked for raping five DalitgirlsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 10, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 12:30 pm
A former Ranvir Sena area and two others are booked for allegedly raping five Dalit girls in Sikarhatta, under Bhojpur.
The incident took place at a scrap yard owned by former Ranvir Sena area commander Nilnidhi Singh late on Wednesday night. The matter was brought to police’s notice late on Thursday.
Bhojpur SP Rajesh Kumar confirmed the incident saying: “The incident took place when five rag pickers — all dalit girls —   had gone to the scrapyard of Nilnidhi Singh and was made to stay overnight at the place”.
The SP said the police arrested Singh’s brother Jayprakash and had been conducting raids to arrest former area commander of disbanded upper caste private army.
The police said one of the five girls escaped from captivity and alerted her villagers, who helped other girls rescue. Bihar DGP PK Thakur said the incident was very sensitive and he had been personally monitoring the case.

J&K: Pakistani mortar guns fall silent along internationalborderVillagers look at one of the houses damaged in firing by Pakistani troops at Village Nanga, in Ramgarh sector of Jammu and Kashmir state, India. (Source: AP)
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 10, 2014 9:22 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 11:05 am
An eerie calm prevailed along the 200 km long international border from Kathua to Pargwal sector as Pakistani mortar guns remained silent on Thursday night.
Significantly, the mortar shelling from across the border stopped after Border Security Force retaliated to continuous ceasefire violations by Pakistani Rangers since the night of October 3rd. As Pakistani Rangers pounded civilian areas on the Indian  side with 81 mm mortar shells, the BSF too used equal caliber weapons causing wide spread damage across the border forcing many to ask India for holding a flag meeting to deescalate tension.
Also read: Jaitley warns Pakistan, Modi praises troops
India, however, refused to talk to Pakistan or hold flag meeting, saying that it should stop firing on civilian population on the Indian side. The Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan against incidents of ceasefire violation by its troops, saying that India will make its misadventure unaffordable.
“There has been no firing along the border tonight since 8.20 pm,’’ said sources in the BSF. The Pakistani Rangers had fired at four BSF border out posts in Hiranagar for only 20 minutes beginning at 8 pm, they added.
Eight people have so far died and over 80 injured in continued firing and mortar shelling on civilian population on the Indian side by Pakistan since October 3rd. Of them, two women had died in Samba sector on Wednesday.
Since situation along the border continues to escalate, the Jammu Kashmir government has set up “crisis management groups’’ to evacuate people from areas affected by shelling from across the border.
In light of Pakistani Rangers and troops  targeting civilian population on the Indian side, “crisis management groups have been activated along the borderline from Poonch to Kathua districts to first evacuate people and then provide food and  shelter to them,” said Inspector General of Police for Jammu zone, Rajesh Kumar, here.
The Pakistani shelling during the last one week had come after nearly a month long lull along the international border. The Rangers had started targeting civilian population on Indian side of the border less than 24 hours after both the US President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Washington agreed to make “joint and concerted efforts to dismantle safe havens for terror and criminal networks  like Lashkar-e-Toiba, D-Company, Al Qaeda and Haqqani network’’.

Infosys Q2 net profit at Rs 3 096 crore  up 7.27% | Live updatesYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex slips over 200 points; Infosys Q2 beat estimatesSensex slips over 200 points; Infosys Q2 beat estimates
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 09.26AM IST
Tags:
ICICI bank
(The S&P BSE Sensex plunged…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged over 200 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in ICICI Bank , Reliance Industries , Tata Motors , L&T and State Bank of India .
Infosys reported a 7.2 per cent QoQ rise in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 to Rs 3096 crore which was above ET Now estimates of Rs 2864.40 crore.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer reported a net profit of Rs 2886 crore in the previous quarter. Reacting to the news the stock rallied nearly 4 per cent to touch its intraday high of Rs 3787.95.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also plunged near its crucial psychological support level of 7900, weighed down by losses in realty, capital goods, power and banking stocks .
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,407.77, down 229 points or 0.86 per cent. It touched a high of 26555.92 and a low of 26380.47 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7881, down 79 points or 1 per cent. It touched a high of 7912.65 and a low of 7880.85 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Q2 net profit at Rs 3 096 crore  up 7.27% (QoQ)You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Q2 beats estimates  net up 7%  $ revenue rises 3.2%Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys Q2 net up 7%, $ revenue rises 3.1%, okays 1:1 bonus
Infosys has reported a 7 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) profit at Rs Rs 3,096 crore quarter-on-quarter and dollar revenue grew 3.2 percent to USD 2,201 million.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Software services exporter  Infosys surpassed street expectations on Friday with the second quarter (July-September) net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially (up 28.6 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth. Profit in previous quarter was at Rs 2,886 crore and CNBC-TV18 poll expected it at Rs 2,985 crore.
"On several fronts, efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter," said UB Pravin Rao, chief operating officer. Profit in dollar terms was up 6 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 33.4 percent Y-o-Y) to USD 511 million.
Revenue during the quarter grew by 4.5 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 2.9 percent Y-o-Y) to Rs 13,342 crore and dollar revenue climbed 3.1 percent sequentially (up 6.5 percent on yearly basis) to USD 2,201 million in the quarter gone by (in constant currency revenue growth was 3.9 percent Q-o-Q and 6.3 percent Y-o-Y) driven by volume growth.
Volumes increased 3 percent Q-o-Q (2.9 percent in Q1) as offshore volumes increased 3.8 percent Q-o-Q (3.2 percent in Q1) while onsite volumes were up 1.1 percent in September quarter as against 2.2 percent in June quarter. Realisations increased 0.6 percent in constant-currency terms as onsite realisations were up 2.6 percent on sequential basis.
According to CNBC-TV18 poll estimates, rupee revenue had expected at Rs 13,307 crore and dollar revenue at USD 2,195 million.
Infosys has maintained its full year (FY15) dollar revenue guidance at 7-9 percent, which was largely on expected lines.
New CEO Dr Vishal Sikka sees digital transformation driving growth of the company going forward. "Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," he said.
"Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work," he added.
On the operational front, consolidated earnings before interest and tax increased by 8.5 percent sequentially to Rs 3,483 crore and margin expanded by 96 basis points to 26.1 percent in the quarter ended September 2014 (supported by rupee depreciation and improvement in utilisation) while estimates were at Rs 3,407 crore and 25.6 percent, respectively.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," said Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer.
Sikka, who officially joined Infosys on June 12, expects operating margins to be around 25 percent in FY15.
During July-September quarter, utilisation rate excluding trainees was 82.3 percent (at all-time high) compared to 80.1 percent on sequential basis and utilisation rate including trainees was 75.2 percent versus 74.8 percent Q-o-Q.
Infosys and its subsidiaries added 49 clients (gross) during the quarter.
Among the major deals during the quarter, Infosys signed a multi-year agreement with Daimler AG covering management of infrastructure services and data centers. It also received a contract for consolidated IT and BPO operations for a major fashion retailer in the US as part of a five-year oracle retail support agreement and another contract from one of UK’s leading supermarket chains.
Revenue from North America territory grew 3.1 percent sequentially and 3.2 percent in constant currency and Europe revenue growth stood at 4.2 percent (Q-o-Q) and 6.5 percent in constant currency.
Rest of world growth was 2.8 percent Q-o-Q and 4.2 percent in constant currency. However, India revenue declined by 5.1 percent on quarter-on-quarter basis and 4 percent in constant currency.
Major positive factor was the growth in manufacturing sector that reported 3.6 percent sequential growth (up 2.6 percent in Q1FY15) and 4.5 percent in constant currency (2.5 percent in Q1). Financial services and insurance segment grew by 1.2 percent Q-o-Q and 2 percent in constant currency (up 1.8 percent and 1 percent in CC in Q1FY15).
Retail, CPG & logistics division growth was 1.5 percent Q-o-Q and 2 percent in constant currency (up 2.1 percent and 2 percent CC in Q1FY15) while energy, utilities, and communications and services grew by 7.8 percent sequentially and 8.8 percent in constant currency.
However, the only worrisome factor during the quarter was its rising attrition rate, which jumped to 20.1 percent compared to 19.5 percent in June quarter but net addition of 4,127 employees in Q2 versus 879 in previous quarter was a positive indicator. IT exporter and its subsidiaries have 165,411 employees as on September 30, 2014.
As of September 2014, liquid assets (including cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale financial assets, certificates of deposits and government bonds) were worth USD 5,444 million compared to USD 4,943 million at the end of previous quarter.
In order to increase the liquidity of shares and to expand the retail shareholder base, IT exporter recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held.
The same bonus issue is also applicable to ADR shareholders, who will get one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held as on a record date to be determined.
The company also declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share (equivalent to interim dividend of USD 0.49 per ADS at the exchange rate of Rs 61). The record date for payment of dividend is October 17, 2014.
At 09:58 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,845.20, up Rs 199.65, or 5.48 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys approves 1:1 bonus issueOct 10, 2014, 09.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys approves 1:1 bonus issue
Infosys at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has considered and approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue, viz., a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held, respectively, as on a record date to be determined.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys approves 1:1 bonus issue
Infosys at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has considered and approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue, viz., a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held, respectively, as on a record date to be determined.
Post your opinion here
 
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, inter alia, has considered and approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue, viz., a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held, respectively, as on a record date to be determined. Consequently, the ratio of equity shares underlying the ADSs held by an American Depositary Receipt holder would remain unchanged.The Board approved and recommended the issuance in order to increase the liquidity of its shares and to expand the retail shareholder base.The bonus issue of equity shares and ADSs will be subject to approval by the shareholders, through a postal ballot, and any other applicable statutory and regulatory approvals. Accordingly, the record date for the bonus issues of equity shares and ADSs will be announced in due course.Source : BSE

Infosys declares interim dividend of Rs 30/shareOct 10, 2014, 09.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys declares interim dividend of Rs 30/share
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, inter alia, has declared interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share. The interim dividend declared in the previous year was Rs. 20/- per equity share.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys declares interim dividend of Rs 30/share
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, inter alia, has declared interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share. The interim dividend declared in the previous year was Rs. 20/- per equity share.
Post your opinion here
 
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, inter alia, has declared interim dividend of Rs. 30 per equity share. The interim dividend declared in the previous year was Rs. 20/- per equity share.Source : BSE

Investors to focus on global concerns over earnings: Mehta08:00 am
While reports earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output, German exports in August too fell the most since January 2009.
Investors in the US bypassed corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy. Dipan Mehta, Member of BSE and NSE feels Indian investors too are rattled by larger-scale concerns than earnings. However, if earnings are below street expectations, it may be an added negative element for the market.
According to Mehta, Infosys ’ quarterly result tends to drive the technology sector with peers following the trend.
Investors and traders have been slightly overweight on defensives since India-centric businesses such as infrastructure and capital goods related sectors have not delivered. Therefore, we are seeing trade towards export-oriented businesses, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Latha Venkatesh.
Furthermore, all the stocks that have performed well over the past 6-12 months are now in a vulnerable position as valuations are not cheap, stocks have gone ahead of the fundamentals and there has been a lack in marginal safety. Investors must be cautious and be prepared for a deeper correction, he adds.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys Q2 beats estimates  consolidated net profit up 28.6 per cent year-on-year to Rs 3 096 crInfosys Q2 beats estimates  consolidated net profit up 28.6 per cent year-on-year to Rs 3 096 cr
Arun Jaitley warns Pakistan  Narendra Modi praises troops as ceasefire violations continueArun Jaitley warns Pakistan  Narendra Modi praises troops as ceasefire violations continue
Facebook chief excited about Modi s Digital India planFacebook chief excited about Modi s Digital India plan
Corporate America vows to boost US-India business tiesCorporate America vows to boost US-India business ties
Rush For Growth: Projects Cleared In Environmentally-Sensitive AreasRush For Growth: Projects Cleared In Environmentally-Sensitive Areas
Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6%  beats forecastsHi Guest
Infosys Q2 results beat estimates; stock surges
Beating market expectations, IT major Infosys on Friday posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 3,096 crore for the quarter ended September 30. The Bangalore-based firm had reported a net profit of Rs 2,407 crore (Rs 24.07 billion) in the year-ago period, it said in a BSE filing. Consolidated revenue was up 2.9 per cent to Rs 13,342 crore (Rs 133/42 billion) in the said quarter from Rs 12,965 crore in the year-ago period. In the April-June quarter this fiscal, Infosys ...

UPDATE 1-Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extendsUPDATE 1-Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extends
Related story: The rich are different -- they still get interest-only mortgages0
“Our risk group did an extensive review, analyzing performance by loan type,” said Wendy Cutrufelli, vice president of mortgage sales at San Francisco’s Bank of the West, which announced this week that it would continue to make interest-only loans.
“They came out on the back end and said we’re good on interest only — you can continue to offer them.”
Because borrowers don’t pay down the principal on such loans, payments are lower for as long as the interest-only period lasts. The downside is that borrowers face far higher payments when that period expires, typically after five or 10 years, but the banks say that by their determination that is not a problem for well-to-do borrowers.
No one disputes that interest-only loans contributed to the mortgage meltdown. Like loans with initial “teaser” interest rates, and pay-option mortgages that allowed the balance to rise instead of fall, they were mass-marketed as affordability products during the housing boom, then soured in large numbers when it turned out borrowers couldn’t or wouldn’t pay them in the long term.
“Reason and sound judgment were absent when many banks and other mortgage businesses lent to consumers without even considering whether they could pay back the money,” CFPB Director Richard Cordray said at a hearing Thursday in Phoenix. “The supposedly rational market had become wildly irrational.”
But interest-only loans made to wealthy borrowers have generally held up well, and many bankers have continued to write them for the jumbo mortgage market — loans too large for sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, meaning more than $625,500 in expensive areas such as much of California.
Some lenders, like Bank of the West, offer mortgages with an initial interest-only period to borrowers who need smaller loans. But most such borrowers don’t have the large down payments and hefty reserves of cash or liquid assets that are now standard for interest-only loans. Cutrufelli said Bank of the West, a unit of France’s BNP Paribas Group, writes only a handful of them.
“These types of loan products are typically sought out by affluent borrowers who meet strict qualifying standards,” Stuart Bernstein, executive vice president for consumer lending at Union Bank, said this week.
San Francisco-based Union, a subsidiary of Japan’s Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, has offered interest-only loans for more than a decade, including a popular type of jumbo loan that has the rate fixed for the first 10 years before borrowers must start paying down the balance. Union will continue offering the loans to borrowers who can qualify, Bernstein said.
Other banks that will continue to offer jumbo interest-only loans include Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and City National. The latter makes a point of emphasizing to analysts how its portfolio of jumbo mortgages, including interest-only loans, experienced nearly no defaults during the housing bust.
ALSO:

SEBI notifies one-time registration system for brokersstocks
Simplifying procedural requirements in the capital markets, regulator SEBI on Wednesday notified new norms that will require stock brokers and clearing entities to have one-time single registration process for operating across different bourses.
The new regulations would replace the current practice of requiring separate registration certificate to trade in each stock exchange.
The new system would ensure cost efficiency, avoidance of multiple due diligence process and prevent duplication of registration process.
The stock brokers and clearing members would be required to have only single certificate of registration issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India.
The new regulation will come into force from Wednesday, SEBI said.
The exchanges will develop a mechanism to ensure appropriate due diligence while granting subsequent approvals, coordination and sharing of information among themselves about their members.
The process would also decrease the number of registration applications received by SEBI and in turn help the regulator save costs and utilise resources for better supervision and monitoring of market intermediaries.
These norms were approved by SEBI’s board in August.
Last year, SEBI had introduced a common registration certificate for stock brokers to function in different market segments within a stock exchange.
Under this system, an entity is issued a certificate with a unique registration number for each stock exchange or clearing corporation, as the case may be, irrespective of the number of market segments.
Further, if the entity is already registered with any segment of a stock exchange, then for operating in any other segment it need not apply to SEBI but can directly seek approval from the bourse or clearing corporation concerned.

The Booty Is In Another Castle In This Super Mario  J. Lo  Shakira Mashupreddit
Are Jennifer Lopez and Shakira fans of Mario and Luigi? If not, they will be after seeing this new music video.
Kawehi, a singer from Lawrence, Kansas, created a mashup of Lopez's "Booty" with Shakira's "She Wolf," cleverly adding the "Super Mario Bros." theme song to the backing track .
As reported by The Daily Dot, the video was created as a reward for a backer of Kawehi's ongoing Kickstarter campaign to fund her "Evolution" EP . So far, her fans have pledged $37,000 to her cause, far exceeding her $3,000 goal.
That's pretty final-level.
More:

Why Sony owns Spider-ManWhy Marvel Studios doesn't own Spider-Man
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta October 8, 2014: 6:45 PM ET
Spider-Man is one of Marvel's biggest brands, so why does Sony Pictures own the rights?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
This news had fans speculate that the web-slinger may be on his way to Marvel Studios's cinematic universe, which has produced big blockbusters, such as "The Avengers" and "Guardians of the Galaxy."
Yet, the too good to be true rumors seem to be exactly that.
"Why would the company even think of selling the character that is among its most reliable earners? Answer: it would not," wrote Slashfilm's Russ Fischer . "You might want to see Marvel Studios produce an 'Avengers 2' that features Spider-Man, but it ain't happening."
While the latest film in the series, 2014's "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" struggled domestically, it brought in $708 million worldwide, showcasing its global profitability as a franchise for Sony.
And since Sony is in need of more big-screen franchises , it makes very little sense to share Spidey.
Yet, how did Sony get one of Marvel's biggest brands in the first place?
The first thread of that web begins in the mid-eighties.
In 1985, superhero movies weren't considered solid box office bets as they are today, so even though Spider-Man was incredibly popular most studios passed on making a film on him.
"When Marvel put the feature film rights up for sale in 1985, there were few takers," wrote Michael A. Hiltzik for the LA Times in 2002 . "Hollywood was bored with superheroes. The Superman franchise, launched to huge success in 1979, appeared to have suffered premature arteriosclerosis with the release of the dreary 'Superman III' in 1983."
Eventually a small studio, Cannon Films, bought Spider-Man's film rights and tried to produce a film based on the comic.
However, Cannon Films went bankrupt and the character changed hands several times.
Litigation over ownership kept the wall-crawler off the screen and in court for years.
It wasn't until 1999 when Marvel finally reclaimed the film rights, which it then sold to Sony Pictures for a reported $7 million .
In 2002, Peter Parker and his alter-ego finally hit the big screen.
The Sony-owned Columbia Picture's "Spider-Man" became a huge blockbuster raking in $114 million in its opening weekend (a record at the time) and grossing $821 million worldwide . It also arguably revitalized the superhero film genre we see today.
Related: Why Hollywood's dismal summer won't matter
Marvel too waded into the game and started to release it's own films with "Iron Man" in 2008.
In 2009, Disney ( DIS ) bought the company and both have utilized the genre to great critical and box office success ( $4.5 billion worldwide since 2012) all without your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
"Clearly we would prefer everything be at home, so to speak," Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige told Wired in 2012 . "But we are more than comfortable with the way things stand now, because it worked out pretty well, right?"
Marvel Studios declined to comment and Sony Pictures did not return calls for comment.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
Most Popular

We have political will to undertake financial sector reform: RBI GovernorRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
New York, Oct 9:  
Underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, Reserve Bank of India Governor has stressed that the “time to deliver begins now” and there is political will to undertake reforms and improve India’s economic growth.
“Financial reform is not difficult — we have the political will to improve,” the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI governor as saying during an event yesterday.
“Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables,” another tweet quoting Rajan said.
The head of India’s central bank addressed a select gathering of prominent and influential Indian-American businessmen from the finance and investment banking sector at an event organised by the Consulate General in collaboration with the India-America Chamber of Commerce.
Outlining the major areas that require change and immediate implementation, Rajan said it is a good time to invest in the Indian economy now.
Developing infrastructure, improving quality of human capital, optimum regulation for good business and extensive financial sector reform should be the next steps for improvement and development of the Indian economy, according a press statement issued by the Consulate.
Rajan encouraged the Indian-American business community to get involved in the “nitty gritty of the implementation process,” saying such involvement was not difficult especially since the Indian government has the political will to reform.
“Over the years, India has outgrown its institutions,” Rajan was quoted as saying in the statement.
“Such institutions only worked well when we had the practice of resource allocation, which was a source of revenue. This was a time when coal could be extracted from the ground with your bare hands.”
Rajan said the Indian economy can no longer work with this model, adding that just as there were drastic democratic changes that reacted to the economic slump in the past decade, institutions also have reacted.
He emphasized on the need to convert talk about change into delivering and implementing reforms, the press statement said.
Making crucial recommendations to creating a more investment-friendly market in India, Rajan said stalled projects need to get back on track and “clearance should be from capital and on ground.”
He further said that complex labour laws need to be improved to benefit both employers and workers and self-certification should be allowed to eliminate the stressful and cumbersome process of inspections.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Uber s India drive hits speed bump againTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apology in the times of social media can build or damage brandsIn a world where social media can build or damage brands, apology for errors a survival skill
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 01.41AM IST
Tags:
Adverse Selection
(Biyani recalls the first…)
MUMBAI: CEOs apologising is a rarity in Indian corporate culture. Yet, Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal's mea culpa for letting down millions of shoppers during Flipkart's Monday flash sale hasn't impressed too many. In a world where ubiquitous social media can rapidly build or damage brands, such CEO humility is not an exceptional virtue to be celebrated, but a pre-requisite that needs to be cultivated, industry leaders say.
"The Indian consumer has far too many options today to make their purchases and the online medium has to make investments to back its delivery promises," says Deepak Parekh , chairman of HDFC . "Don't make lofty promises without the means to deliver."
CEOs have to be humble and ready to apologise for any consumer complaint, adds Kishore Biyani, CEO of Future Group. "Can you imagine the anger and ire amongst consumers for not getting what was promised? Consumers are always right and always have to be first."
Biyani recalls the first Big Bazaar sale, where irate consumers waited in long queues and did not get to enter the store during the sale. "We put out big ads the next day offering to keep the stores open for the next three days," recalls Biyani. Big Bazaar as a brand had apologised then, not Biyani personally.
Buyers Now, experts say, there is a stronger business rationale for CEOs of consumer facing companies to own up their blunders and apologise. "The Flipkart apology was in the genre of crisis management," says Rama Bijapurkar , a market strategy consultant. "As a society we are getting more assertive and traditional power structures are eroding. Consumers are getting more unforgiving, fully aware of their buyer power and considerably aided by social media weapons which allow them to express their displeasure and cause reputation damage," she adds.
CEOs of brick and mortar businesses, Bijapurkar says, also need to take note of this. Adds Varun Berry, CEO of Britannia: "Indian CEOs are very 'under-apologetic.' We all need to make consumer sensitivity stronger than it is now." This is very true in a world where news of a company failure can go viral on social media reaching millions in minutes. Lack of any credible response, even if it's only a heartfelt apology, can lead to intense ridicule.
"With the growing reach of social media, consumer opinion has the power to shape perceptions and thus it is imperative that brands should be humble and responsive," says D Shivakumar Chairman & CEO, PepsiCo India. "The CEO should take a lead in orchestrating a response." "It is better not to be in a situation where one has to apologise for an undelivered promise or commitment to consumers," says Vijay Mahajan, Professor, Department of Marketing, McCombs School of Business, Univeristy of Texas, Austin.
"However, when faced with such a situation, a sincere and transparent apology may garner forgiveness." But apologies by Indian CEOs have been fewer than in most countries. Globally, CEOs are quicker to the trigger when it comes to owning up their mistakes.
Mark Zuckerberg admitted messing up the 'news feed' launch in 2006; Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer apologised when an email outage affected a million users; Apple founder Steve Jobs apologised in 2007 after cutting iPhone prices from $599 to $399 just two weeks after launch; his successor Tim Cook said sorry when Apple's new Map app didn't work smoothly; Mary Barra, General Motors' CEO recently expressed remorse for death and injury arising out of faulty ignition switches; JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said sorry when the bank's stock prices dropped 26% in three months after it completed a $4.4-billion buyback. "It would have been wiser to wait.
We are sorry," Dimon had said on a conference call with analysts. Indian CEOs are not honest enough with consumers, concedes the head of a large multinational consumer foods company. "They tend to duck the issue. From shoddy service or late flights, where have the airline CEOs apologised?"
"The best way to deal with mistake that has let down customers is to admit it and apologize and somehow compensate them plus put into place a program that makes sure that it will not happen again and publicize that program," says David Aaker, a global branding expert.
There are very few exceptions. Early this year, Ranbaxy CEO and Managing Director Arun Sawhney apologized to all stakeholders after US Food and Drug Administration prohibited the company from manufacturing and distributing active pharmaceutical ingredients from its facility in Toansa, India, for FDAregulated drug products. There is a lot other CEOs can learn from this.
(With inputs from Priyanka Sangani and Ratna Bhushan)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt notifies 25% public holding norms for PSUsGovernment notifies 25 per cent public holding norms for PSUs
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 16:49 IST
Photo: Reuters
Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government's plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator Sebi.
"Every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five per cent shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)," the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares.
However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 per cent include Coal India, SAIL , MMTC, NHPC, NMDC and SJVN.
While private sector firms were given three years time in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 per cent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 per cent.
The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 per cent public holding, but these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently Sebi's board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 per cent public holding.
In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, Sebi last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend, issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.

Flipkart s sale fiasco hands edge to competitorsYou are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
Flipkart's Big Billion sale fiasco hands edge to competitors like Amazon, Snapdeal
Oct 9, 2014, 05.45AM IST
(Snapdeal and Amazon also…)
By Kartik Hosanagar
Flipkart's eventful Big Billion Day just went by on Monday. Flipkart indicated that it sold Rs 600 crore ($100 million) worth of goods within 10 hours of starting its sale. Snapdeal and Amazon also benefited from Flipkart's aggressive advertising. Snapdeal indicated that it clocked Rs 1 crore a minute. (If that rate was sustained for 10 hours, Snapdeal would also have reached Rs 600 crore.)
All the frenzied buying over the past few days signifies a coming of age for India's e-commerce. It was not too long ago that India's e-commerce was seen as a nascent market that was unlikely to be of any global relevance due to the low penetration of broadband and poor logistics infrastructure in the country. Flipkart single-handedly changed that perception and Snapdeal and Amazon have joined the ride as well.
Of course, we should not confuse the mega sales figures for profits at any of these firms. The only logical outcome of this intense e-commerce battle in India is that consumers are going to get deep discounts and greater product variety than ever before and these companies are going to bleed a lot of money in the name of market share. And given how well these companies are funded, there is also no room left for a fourth player in the horizontal e-commerce markets.
The so-called Big Billion Day also exposed some of the challenges with e-commerce in India. Flipkart's apparent success was marred by widespread discontent on social media websites. User complaints ranged from operational issues such as products being out of stock to ones that claimed that Flipkart marked up prices before discounting them — claims that were well supported by screenshots that showed even lower prices at Snapdeal and Amazon.
Many commentators have pointed out that despite the social media activity, Flipkart is the one laughing its way to the bank. I could not disagree more. Flipkart simply cannot afford these kinds of mistakes. Amazon is built on the premise of customer delight. The only way for any company to compete with and win against Amazon is to be very customer-centric. So even though Flipkart managed Rs 600 crore in sales, the social media frenzy about Flipkart's operational issues and deviant pricing behaviour can create serious challenges for the brand.
As a result, I would award Round 01 in this billion-dollar battle to Amazon and Snapdeal. It feels a bit like a boxing bout in which one boxer made all the noise and accidentally knocked himself down before the opponent even entered the ring.
But this is a long bout and there are many rounds remaining for Flipkart. They are led by visionary founders who can execute like few in India have been able to. Their earnest apology in the form of a letter on Tuesday reflects that they are not hiding behind the Rs 600 crore sales figure.
Instead, they acknowledge that many things went wrong. So, while I am calling this round against Flipkart, I fully expect them to stage a comeback. When they do, I will be the first to say 'Haar ke jitney wale ko Flipkart kehte hain.' And as a consumer, I cannot wait for the Big Billion Day in 2015. The battle among the three giants will be bigger and the discounts for all of us will be steeper.
The author is Professor, Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon  Diwali Dhamaka Week  sale starts Friday  vows better e-tail experience than FlipkartAmazon 'Diwali Dhamaka Week' sale starts today, vows better e-tail experience than Flipkart
Subhash Narayan | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 10 2014, 10:26  IST
Oct 10 2014, 10:26  IST
 

Two rich financiers are verbally abusing each other on television  and its awesomeFuture of Finance
October 9, 2014
Carl Icahn, the “activist investor” (I hate that term but it won’t die), and Marc Andreessen, the well-known venture capitalist, have been at each other’s throats for a few months now . Icahn decided to take another swing at his rival on national television today , saying Andreessen had “screwed more people than Casanova.”
The day before, Andreessen described Icahn disparagingly as the “ evil Captain Kirk. “
The great thing about this war of words is that it perfectly encapsulates the culture clash underway between the two dominant strands of American finance, Wall Street and Silicon Valley, which we think is going to be a pretty important theme for years to come as the two centers increasingly veer on to each others’ turf and jostle for supremacy.
True to his New York roots, Icahn is all aggression and bluster; Andreessen—known for his tweetstorms on topics as diverse as the future of journalism and theories of disruption—is less blunt and more considered. He’s yet to respond publicly to Icahn’s latest provocation (or an email from Quartz).
Amusingly, Andreessen’s last tweetstorm centered on the idea that big tech companies like Apple are undervalued. That must be one of the few things he and Icahn agree upon.
Share this:

Tata  I Venture to buy out stressed power as...You are here: Home > Collections
Tata Power, ICICI Venture team up for JV to shop for stranded power assets
Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
distribution
(A turnaround management…)
MUMBAI: In an unusual collaboration, ICICI Venture, one of India's largest domestic private equity fund, is in talks to team up with Tata Power to take over troubled power plants that have been short circuited by regulatory uncertainties, fuel supply disruptions, low demand and high debt.
Both parties are finalising a joint venture platform --- the exact nature of the arrangement is being finalised --- with a mandate to buy out power plants which are facing stress for one reason or the other. While ICICI Venture will primarily be responsible for organising both debt and equity funding for these acquisitions, Tata Power will handle the operation and maintenance of these plants, post acquisition, as an asset manager. Tata Power --- India's largest integrated power company in the private sector with a presence in generation, transmission and distribution --- will use its expertise to resuscitate troubled power assets.
Multiple sources involved in the negotiations say that the boards of Tata Sons and Tata Power along with ICICI Venture have given in-principle approval to the proposed tie-up and both sides are currently fine-tuning various financial and other commercial details. Vishakha Mulye, MD & CEO of ICICI Venture is also an independent director of Tata Power.
A formal announcement might be made in the next 30-45 days. Spokespersons of ICICI Venture and Tata Power declined to comment on the issue.
According to a September 2014 study on the domestic power sector by Alvarez & Marsal, a turnaround management firm, power projects with a capacity of 80,000 MW -- of which 60,000 MW are thermal plants & 20,000 MW gas based - have been put on the block by developers due to increasing debt burden. According to the study the total value of the projects comes to Rs 4,50,000 crore.
In the recent past, billion dollar plus deals have been announced in the cash strapped sector with Lanco selling its thermal plant in Udipi to the Adani group and JSW agreeing to scoop up most of Jaypee Power's hydro and thermal assets.
The corporate structure which the proposed alliance will assume is still being worked out. Possibilities include a holding company or a special purpose vehicle (SPV) or a fund with a specific focus. The entity could also be listed it once it acquires a certain number of power plants. The fee that Tata Power as an asset manager will charge in lieu of their O&M services is also being negotiated.
Both the principal partners are expected to part fund this venture with ICICI Venture taking the lead. The plan is to raise an initial corpus of Rs 4500 cr ($750 million) that will serve as the equity pool for the venture. ICICI Venture is also in discussions with several leading sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) and global pension funds that have a long-term investment horizon --- suitable for sectors like infrastructure and power --- to come on board as financial partners. On the back of such commitments, the platform will raise further debt and create a war chest to fund large buyouts, depending on specific opportunities. Typically, such firms can lever up their balance sheets upto 5-6 times of their equity capital on the basis of cash flows of their operating assets.
  TWO TO TANGO
Analysts see this development as a win-win for both. Tata Power, India's largest integrated power company, has been saddled by troubles emanating from its biggest investment of about Rs 18,000 crore in the 4000 MW Mundra Ultra Mega Power Project. The company posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 260 crore in the last financial year, its second highest in the last decade on the back of Rs 40,173 crore of consolidated debt. Such leverage has forced the company stay away from participating in large acquisition possibilities that have sprung up in recent months.
But through this partnership it can now participate in big-ticket power M&As without further straining its already stretched balance sheet. Tata Power is likely to have the option to buy the power assets subsequently from the joint venture platform at a fair market value, once the financial investors seek an exit. Listing the entity is the other option that is being contemplated.

Amazon may acquire Jabong to counter FlipkartYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tilt against Cong & NCP  but Maha battle still wide open | Pawars no pushoversYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Tilt against Congress and NCP, but Maharashtra poll battle still wide open
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(According to most politicians,…)
MUMBAI: A four-cornered battle between the BJP, Congress, Shiv Sena and NCP and the X factor of MNS have turned the Maharashtra Assembly elections unpredictable.
The crucial factor, according to most politicians, is going to be the voting percentage. If polling figures match that of the LS polls, the ruling parties could be in trouble.
A tour of the key regions of the state shows a strong anti-incumbency against the 15-year old ruling combine, however, the divide in the saffron front has added a twist to the battle. The BJP is counting on the Modi Wave to work just the way it did during LS campaign.
The Congress is dependent on traditional supporters in the hinterland who might now feel sympathetic towards the party after the drubbing in Lok Sabha polls while the NCP wants to capitalise on its domination of the local institutions and caste equation.
On its part, the Sena wants to play the 'pride of Maharashtra' card. The state's main battles will be fought in the Mumbai metro region, Western Maharashtra, Marathwada and Vidarbha.
In Mumbai metro region's 36 seats, Congress and NCP won 20 while Shiv Sena and BJP won 9 and MNS 6 seats. The division between the saffron vote and Sena getting aggressive against many BJP candidates on its home turf, will help the Congress most in Mumbai region because the NCP is very weak here.
The equation in western Maharashtra is the opposite. Since both the Congress and NCP have solid bases here, their vote may get divided and the Sena will benefit in districts like Pune and Satara while the BJP will benefit in Sangli, Kolhapur and Ahmednagar.
In the 46 seats of the Marathwada region, the fight seems to be tilted in favour of the BJP and Sena. The sympathy wave for Gopinath Munde's daughters, the dissent against NCP and Modi's aggressive campaign in the region seem to have set the tone for the BJP. The drought-like situation in the region may work in favour of the BJP.
Vidarbha seems a difficult-to gauge region because of its varied nature and complex issues. How would the separate Vidarbha issue play out in these elections is anybody's guess.
In Konkan it's a battle between the Shiv Sena and NCP in the northern part while it's a Congress verses Sena fight in the southern part of the region. These fights are straight and predictable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart looks to pacify customers with sops | Company may escape CCI actionbrands
(The e-tailer is planning…)
BANGALORE: Flipkart is planning a slew of measures to win back customers and vendors who were left fuming after several glitches marred the online retailer's massive Big Billion Day sale on Monday.
The Bangalore-based company will now offer gift coupons for customers who were unable to buy products at advertised prices and earmark specific dates beginning tomorrow for vendors to showcase wares on the marketplace.
"We are sourcing additional stock in some categories or offering refunds," said Mukesh Bansal, board member of Flipkart. For instance, the company is arranging for additional stock of televisions that will be offered to customers at the discounted prices. "Importantly, we are putting in place processes to ensure this does not happen again."
Bansal, who heads fashion at Flipkart, said the company is using the data they got on Monday to make stock forecasting more robust. It is also in talks with payment gateways to ensure that transaction failures are not repeated.
These processes will soon be put to the test as the company is set to launch its second big sales on Friday. The sale will last until October 16. "We had over five times our usual sale on Monday. We could have sold more but they blocked orders," said a fashion merchant on Flipkart, who did not want to be named.
Bansal confirmed that Flipkart would have an additional sales event, but declined to share specifics.
The largest merchant on the Flipkart marketplace, WS Retail is expected to have minimum involvement in the new sale that will kick-off on Friday. "The deals of other merchants will have prominence," said a person who directly involved with the planning.
According to filings with the ministry of corporate affairs, WS Retail "sources products from Flipkart India Private Limited under a valid and nonexclusive supply agreement and resells it to the end-customer on the e-commerce marketplace platform www.flipkart.com". The sale will coincide with Amazon's big Diwali sale. Experts said such steps are necessary. "They need to take these steps to correct their image, otherwise it will affect future sales," said Saurabh Srivastava, director at advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India.
Flipkart's team is also in talks with brands that have been vocal about their displeasure over the steep discounts, said a person who did not want to be named. Electronics giants like Sony and LG have made known their ire about the selling practices of e-tailers. PwC's Srivastava said despite the threats brands cannot ignore e-commerce anymore.
"Brands need brick-and-mortar and ecommerce. They are trying to keep both happy," said Srivastava. Flipkart sold $100 million worth of products on Monday, while rival Snapdeal said it registered sales of over Rs 1 crore every minute on the same day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tripura CM hails Bangladeshi investment in garment sectorTripura CM hails Bangladeshi investment in garment sector
E-comm changing the way people buy & sell: BahlDigital commerce redefining the way consumers buy and traders sell
Oct 10, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Tags:
(Digital commerce surely…)
By Kunal Bahl
American businessman-motivational speaker Nido Qubein said, "Change brings opportunity." Today, e-commerce has become a topic of discussion in most Indian households. Consumers and businesses, small and large, all have a story about how e-commerce has touched their lives.
There are tectonic shifts that happen once in a few decades. Digital commerce surely is one of them, matched only by the telecom revolution 10 years ago that connected corners of our country like never before.
The retail landscape has changed globally and it is changing in India too. Over a decade ago, it was the large-format stores and malls that redefined the way people shopped in India. Today, it is the digital platforms that are again creating a natural evolution: how people shop and how businesses sell, thus bringing more efficiency in the economy.
Online markets have enabled small sellers, retailers, artisans and weavers to directly take their products to customers. For the first time, people living in the smallest towns of India have access to the same selection of products as their counterparts in the metros. This is the power of the digital commerce. Even large retailers are leveraging the power of digital commerce distribution , to expand into markets where setting up physical stores is not feasible.
A marketplace like Snapdeal has proved to be a significant socioeconomic and geographic equaliser for small businesses in India, who now look at digital commerce as a medium to expand their current market beyond their immediate catchment area. They can now reach a much larger customer base using a fraction of the capital they would require for a traditional offline store expansion. This, clubbed with the low cost of sales and distribution, contributes to higher profits and is creating life-changing experiences for them. This democratisation of markets is helping sellers reach customers globally and reducing the asymmetry of information and products for consumers.
In the past two years, a number of sellers from different parts of the country have grown their businesses 100-fold through our digital marketplace. They are also champions for the sector sharing their experience within their markets and inspiring others to try the medium. Of the total number of sellers on Snapdeal, 30% are women business-owners, and many are first-time entrepreneurs.
E-commerce is not just about merchants and consumers. It is also about enabling businesses that are experiencing tremendous growth. A case in point is the growth of logistics and courier companies, which are on track to employ lakhs of people who are delivering products to homes. In China, we have already witnessed the magic Alibaba has created in this regard, becoming the largest customer for the state-owned China Post, delivering billions of packages a year for them. It is only a matter of time when digital commerce companies contribute to a significant portion of India Post's shipping volumes as well, thus leveraging such significant infrastructure the government has created.
What we are witnessing in India with the growth of digital commerce is something amazing, and is the future, one that will make the tide rise for everyone, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
Writer is CEO of Snapdeal.com
FEATURED ARTICLES

IFCI sells its 1.64 per cent stake in Welspun Syntex LtdYou are here: Home > Collections > Ifci
IFCI sells its 1.64 per cent stake in Welspun Syntex Ltd
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The company has has sold…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned financial institution IFCI today said it has sold its 1.64 per cent stake in Welspun Syntex Ltd for about Rs 1.6 crore.
The company has has sold 6,43,080 equity shares of Welspun Syntex Ltd on yesterday through secondary market , IFCI said in a statement.
Shares of Welspun Syntex Ltd closed at Rs 25 per unit yesterday on the BSE.
Welspun Syntex is the flagship company under the Welspun umbrella. Set-up in 1983, it is amongst the largest manufacturers and exporters of polyester texturised filament yarn, nylon filament yarn.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 24.45, down 0.20 per cent on the BSE today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

South China Sea: We stand by joint statement with India  says USSouth China Sea: We stand by joint statement with India, says US
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 10:  
The US has dismissed Chinese resentment over India and America expressing concern on the South China Sea dispute during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Washington, and described New Delhi as an important partner.
“I think our position hasn’t changed on this issue. You are familiar with it, but we certainly work with countries in the region to address maritime issues,” State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said.
“And certainly, India is an important partner, and it’s only natural that this was a topic of discussion but also a topic of output from our meetings when the prime minister was here just a few weeks ago,” she told reporters yesterday.
A joint statement issued after Modi’s meeting with US President Barack Obama on September 30 for the first time made a direct reference to the South China Sea dispute.
The statement said: “The leaders expressed concern about rising tensions over maritime territorial disputes, and affirmed the importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and over flight throughout the region, especially in the South China Sea.”
In the statement, both leaders called for “all parties to avoid the use, or threat of use, of force in advancing their claims” and help find a peaceful resolution in the area.
China this week reacted sharply to the joint statement, asserting that the maritime row should be resolved directly by parties concerned and no third party should meddle in it.
“Our position is that the dispute in the South China Sea should be resolved by countries directly concerned through negotiations and consultations. Any third party should not be involved in this,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei has said.
China claims over 90 per cent of the resource—rich South China Sea as its own.
Most recently, Vietnam and the Philippines have been most vocal about pushing back on China’s claims, through verbal and naval confrontations.
Rival countries have wrangled over territorial claims in the contested South China Sea —— but a recent surge in tension has sparked concern that the area is becoming a flashpoint with global consequences.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

IMF chief promises belly-dance if US endorses reformsIMF chief promises ‘belly-dance’ if US endorses reforms
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 10:  
Frustrated with the US Congress’s refusal to vote through crucial reforms at the International Monetary Fund, IMF chief Christine Lagarde has promised a show if they do — a belly dance.
The reforms, which aim to strengthen financial resources of the global crisis lender and give more voting power to emerging economies like China, have been endorsed by all the world’s economic powers but one.
They were to be put in place two years ago. But although the White House has endorsed them, without ratification by the US Congress — where mainly Republicans have blocked the measures for political reasons — the reforms cannot be implemented.
During the annual IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington yesterday, a frustrated Lagarde, the 58-year-old former French finance minister, offered up an incentive.
“I will do belly-dancing if that’s what it takes to get the US to ratify,” she said.
The dance will take place “the moment they do.”
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Microsoft chief angers women over  karma  pay commentMicrosoft CEO criticised for suggesting women not ask for raises
Reuters
Satya Nadella, Microsoft CEO (file photo)
Seattle, Oct 10:  
Microsoft Corp's chief executive officer suggested on Thursday that women in technology should not ask for raises but have faith in the "system", bringing a torrent of criticism and causing the executive to backtrack after the statement.
Satya Nadella, who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world at a three-day conference in Phoenix, Arizona, intended to celebrate women in computing.
"It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along," Nadella said, according to a recording on the website of the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing.
"Because that's good karma," Nadella continued. "It'll come back because somebody's going to know that's the kind of person that I want to trust."
Maria Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College and a member of Microsoft's board, immediately challenged Nadella, saying his viewpoint was "one of the very few things that I disagree with you on," eliciting a few cheers from the audience.
The two went on to hug on stage, and the audience warmly applauded, but Twitter rounded on Nadella and his comments became fodder for jokes.
"I'll wait for Karma to lower my #xboxlive price too," tweeted Chuck Granade.
Nadella later tried to repair the damage.
"Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise," he tweeted several hours after his remarks. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias."
Nadella also admitted his error in a memo to Microsoft employees which was posted on the company's website.
"I answered that question completely wrong," said the memo. "I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
According to recent research by the American Association of University Women, last year women were paid 78 per cent of what equally qualified men received, although there is some data to suggest the pay gap is less in the tech sector.
Only 29 per cent of Microsoft's more than 100,000 employees are female, according to data recently released by the company.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 net up 7% at Rs 3 096 cr  beats estimatesInfosys Q2 net up 7% at Rs 3,096 crore, beats estimates
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Infosys, India’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, today cheered investors by posting a strong growth for July-September 2015 (Q2FY15), beating estimates on most fronts, as well as announcing a bonus share issue.
Additionally, in line with expectations, the company left its revenue growth guidance for FY15 unchanged at 7-9%.
The Bangalore-based company’s consolidated net profit for Q2FY15 grew 28.6% year-on-year to Rs 3,096 crore, while its consolidated revenue rose 2.9% to Rs 13,342 crore. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the net profit rose a whopping 7.3% and revenue increased 4.5%.
In dollar terms, net profit increased 6% sequentially, and revenue grew 3.1%. Most analysts had expected the company’s dollar-revenues to grow around 3%.
Earnings during the quarter were mainly aided by an uptick in demand environment, coupled with the company’s cost rationalisation measures. The company along with its subsidiaries added 49 clients during Q2 on a gross basis.
Reacting to the strong performance, Infosys’ shares were trading up 5.5% at Rs 3,845 at 9:45 am.
“Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results”, Infosys’ newly appointed Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said in a company statement. “Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
A big surprise also came on the margins front as the company posted 100 basis point sequential expansion in its operating profit margin for Q2FY15 at 26.1%. Most analysts had expected a 30-50 basis point margin expansion.
“We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band”, said Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer. “This is giving us increased confidence to make the investments required to meet our growth aspirations.”
To investors’ surprise, Infosys announced a one-for-one bonus share issue. Several analysts term this move as “Sikka’s gift for the Street”.
“The Board approved and recommended the issuance in order to increase the liquidity of its shares and to expand the retail shareholder base,” Infosys said in a statement.
Employee attrition at the company rose further to a record high of 20.1%, from 19.5% a quarter ago.
Infosys also said it has pledged Rs 254 crore for FY15 towards corporate social responsibility (CSR) through its philanthropic arm, Infosys foundation. The foundation is engaged in several programs aimed at alleviating hunger, promoting education, improving health, assisting rural development, supporting arts and helping the destitute.
Infosys Q2 Earnings Highlights
* Q2 Net profit up 7.3% QoQ, 28.6% YoY
* Q2 Revenue up 4.5% QoQ, 2.9% YoY
* Revenue growth guidance for FY15 retained at 7-9%
* Announces 1:1 bonus share issue
* Q2 Operating profit margin at 26.1%, up 100 bps
* Attrition at record-high of 20.1%
 

Infosys reports 28.6% rise in Q2 net profitHighlights: Infosys reports 28.6 per cent rise in Q2 net profit
BT Online Bureau        Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 10:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys announced its September-quarter results on Friday and reported a 28.6 per cent rise in consolidated net profit (year-on-year) to Rs 30.96 billion.
Highlights:
>> Consolidated revenue for Q2 stood at Rs 133.42 billion
>> Infosys board declares interim dividend of Rs 30 per share as it extends gains to more than 3% in Q2
>> Infosys says the board approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held
>> Shares of the company gained over 5 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange after results beat estimates.
>> The company maintains revenue guidance for FY15 at 7-9 per cent.
(With agency inputs)

Leaders mostly silent on issue of skewed sex ratioLeaders mostly silent on issue of skewed sex ratio
Written by Khushboo Sandhu | Chandigrah |       October 10, 2014 10:16 am
Comments
In the hectic campaigning in Haryana, the issue of female foeticide and skewed sex ratio in the state has been lost in the din.
While parties have proposed sops for women voters in their manifestos, in the election rhetoric most of the senior leaders have not touched upon these issues that have far-reaching consequences on the future of the state.
Haryana is among the worst five states in the country when it comes to sex ratio. As per the Census 2011, the sex ratio in Haryana was 877 women per 1,000 men. The worst district is Gurgaon, the symbol of Haryana’s development, where the sex ratio is 853 females per 1000 males.
During the campaign, a grouse of candidates has been that areas in north Haryana have not been developed and all projects have been set up by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Jhajjar and Rohtak. Little attention has been given to the fact that these two “pampered districts” have among the worst sex ratios. The ratio in Rohtak is 868:1000 and in Jhajjar, it is 861:1000.
The future also does not seem bright with the state’s sex ratio in the 0-6 age group being 830 females for 1,000 males.
When it comes to literacy, the rate for women stands at 66.8 per cent against 85.4 percent for men. Mewat fares the worst with just 37.6 per cent of its females being literate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the only leader who has spoken about these issues in his rallies across the state. Modi said that 125 out of every 1,000 young men were not getting married in the state because of the distorted sex ratio. He pointed out that of the 15 districts in the country which had the most skewed sex ratio, nine were in Haryana. He promised that girls would not be allowed to be killed in the womb.
These issues have not figured on the priority list of any other leaders.
For INLD, the most important election issue is the conviction of their supremo OP Chautala which, it claims, is the result of a conspiracy.
Congress leaders are criticising the BJP for its failure to name their candidate for chief minister, Modi for his failure to curb inflation, and the INLD for projecting a convict as its chief ministerial candidate.
Dr Santosh Dahiya, INLD nominee from Beri, blamed the Congress for not doing anything in the 10 years to prevent female foeticide. “These issues have not been given any importance. The law and order in the state is among the worst, which is one of the reasons that parents are killing their daughters before they are born,” she said.
Dr Krishna Pandit, former Parliamentary Secretary for Health in the Hooda government, claimed that they had taken many steps for empowerment of females. She said that schemes like shagun to provide financial assistance for the marriage of girls and free education for girls had been introduced.
Officials of the Health Department say there have only 24 convictions under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Technique Act in the last continued…

In defectors backyard  Renuka smiles and lashes out at SpeakerIn defector’s backyard, Renuka smiles and lashes out at Speaker
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Hansi |       October 10, 2014 10:12 am
Comments
Renuka Bishnoi, wife of HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi, performs hawan at her residence in Hansi. ( Express Photo)
Blissfully unaware of proceedings in the Punjab and Haryana High Court, it was business as usual at the office of Vinod Bhyana — among the five MLAs who defected from the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) — at Hansi on Thursday. All that would change, however, when celebrations broke out at the office of Renuka Bishnoi, the wife of HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi.
With both offices in the same neighbourhood, Bhyana’s workers soon learnt from the celebrations that the high court had disqualified their MLA. The court decision is set to have direct impact on this constituency where Bhyana is the Congress candidate and has been pitched against Renuka.
It should also assuage some of Bishnois’ worries as Bhyana was seriously making inroads into the non-Jat votes especially among the Punjabis, a community the latter belongs to.  Aware that it could have a negative impact, a sudden calm descended on the Bhyana office but Vinod’s brother, Mahender Bhyana, stepped in to assure the workers that there was no need to worry; the decision would be challenged, he pointed out. Among the five defectors, Bhyana and his family had faced the most flak as they hail from Bishnoi’s home district.
“There is no worry as there was nothing wrong. We will challenge the decision in the higher court,” Mahender told The Indian Express.
On whether he was justifying the defection, Mahender said, “It was the best possible decision. Had he not changed sides, the area would have been left high and dry.
There has been tremendous development here after he took over as Chief Parliamentary Secretary (CPS)”.
Among Bhyana’s workers at the party office on the busy Hansi-Hisar road, there were murmurs of the fallout.
“We are not sure about the repercussions of the decision. But this does not sound good. Our campaign is at its peak and this kind of information would certainly have an adverse impact,” said Surender, a party worker.
Renuka Bishnoi, who too was campaigning in the constituency, was immediately upbeat. She was performing a hawan when she got the news. “Our stand is vindicated. The court has proved it and now it is the turn of the people of the state to vindicate us. It may be late but we have finally got justice,” she said after her performing Havana at her new address in Hansi from where she is contesting against Bhyana.
She however lashed out at Speaker Kuldeep Sharma. “The Vidhan Sabha speaker completed his tenure while working as a Congress worker. He will rightly be punished by the people of the state,” Renuka said.
The Congress observer for Hisar, Naresh Kumar seemed skeptical in his response. “I have heard about the decision. We will study the judgment to decide our future course in the matter. As of now continued…

Separate SGPC leads to resurgence of Sikh identity in state  little poll valueSeparate SGPC leads to resurgence of Sikh identity in state, little poll value
Written by Chitleen K Sethi | Neesingh (nilokheri) |       October 10, 2014 10:07 am
Comments
The creation of a separate SGPC by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government in Haryana in the face of vehement opposition by the SGPC and SAD in Punjab might have consumed the two states for almost a month, but the issue per se seems to have failed to move Sikh voters in the state.
At best, the matter has led to a resurgence of Sikh identity in the run-up to the Assembly polls, with Sikhs visibly participating in large numbers in rallies, standing out distinctly with their turbans which are still neither green (INLD), white (Congress) or saffron (BJP).
“The fact that Hooda put in so much effort to ensure that a separate SGPC is created and how it almost led to a war with Punjab with the Punjab chief minister also ready to give up his headship of state to retain SGPC supremacy has brought the Sikh voter into the limelight. We feel we are important,” said Kuldeep Singh, a young Sikh voter who runs a shop in Ambala.
Spread across at least 25 constituencies in varying numbers, the Sikh voter is undecided about who to throw its lot behind and the creation of the separate SGPC is not helping or damaging any one party overtly except in a few stray pockets.
While the INLD is using SAD in good measure to consolidate the Sikh vote in rural areas behind them, the BJP is assured that the Sikh voter in the urban areas is standing stoically with them, choosing development over anything else. The Congress is smug in the knowledge that it is they who met the long-standing demand of Sikhs in Haryana and the Sikh vote share is theirs.
“Congress might have met the demand but has not been able to cash in on their achievement. In Pehowa, Congress has fielded Mandeep Chatha, son of cabinet minister Harmohinder Singh who is behind the creation of the separate SGPC. But here also the Sikhs are divided between the Congress and INLD,” said Jatinder Singh, a daily wage farmer of Samanabad village who had come to attend an INLD rally.
The SAD, whom the INLD had put on the job to consolidate the Jat as also the Sikh votes in their favour, is also not talking about their opposition to a separate SGPC. “It is a Sikh institution and religious issue. We opposed the creation of the Haryana SGPC following certain principles. Our aim, unlike that of Hooda, was not to use it as a election issue,” said Darbara Singh Guru, former bureaucrat and SAD leader who is camping in Karnal for a month now. “The Congress is also silent about its so called achievement. In some villages of Assandh constituency, where HSGPC leaders have their villages, this is a talking point, otherwise it is not,” he added.
Barring reports from Dabwali where Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal was greeted with black flags by Congress Sikh supporters, the Congress seems not to be highlighting the HSGPC issue in other Sikh populated areas like Ratia, Rania, Ambala, continued…

Mann dares Sidhu to get wife to resignMann dares Sidhu to get wife to resign
Written by Navjeevan Gopal | Amritsar |       October 10, 2014 10:04 am
Comments
AAP MP Bhagwant Mann today dared BJP star campaigner Navjot Sidhu to ensure that his wife Dr Navjot Kaur Sidhu, who is Chief Parliamentary Secretary in SAD-BJP government led by Parkash Singh Badal in Punjab, resigns after the Haryana polls are over. Mann, who was in Amritsar in connection with promotion of his film Police in Pollywood releasing Friday (October 10), while mentioning Sidhu’s outbursts against ruling SAD and Badals said that Sidhu should openly oppose the Badals.
Talking to reporters, Mann said Sidhu should say similar things (about SAD and Badals) in Punjab too. Mann said he appreciated Sidhu for his “backstabbing” remarks, but added that there was hardly any difference in case Sidhu spoke against Badals in Haryana and not in Punjab.
Sidhu had been missing from the Punjab scene ever since BJP had chosen to field Arun Jaitley from Amritsar instead of him.
Mann said Dr Navjot Kaur Sidhu can continue as MLA but should resign as CPS. He added that he was sure that Sidhu would openly oppose SAD and Badals in Punjab as well and make his wife resign. Mann also slammed Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal for “changing allies after every 200 km”.
He said he failed to understand Badals’ politics where he had an alliance with the BJP in Punjab and with INLD in Haryana. He added, “You go to Uttar Pradesh and he has Mulayam Singh Yadav as an ally, in Bihar Nitish Kumar and in Tamil Nadu Jayalalitha.

Congs trump card  the maharaja from neighbouring PunjabCong’s trump card — the maharaja from neighbouring Punjab
Written by Kanchan Vasdev | Shahbad/ Ambala |       October 10, 2014 10:02 am
Comments
Capt Amarinder Singh being honoured at an election rally in Ambala. (Source: PTI)
Ahead of the Haryana Assembly elections, the state Congress has found a ‘royal’ trump card from across the border in Punjab. Capt Amarinder Singh has always had an alluring appeal, being the maharaja of the erstwhile state of Patiala, and his victory over Union Minister Arun Jaitley during the Lok Sabha elections at Amritsar — in an otherwise lacklustre election for the party — has made him one of the sought-after campaigners for the Congress in Haryana.
The party has handed Amarinder a list of 21 Assembly segments that it wants him to campaign for its candidates and his good friend Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. It has also specially kept a helicopter to allow the Amritsar MP to shuttle between various parts of Haryana and Chandigarh everyday. Candidates from other segments, particularly those with sizeable Sikh populations, have also kept his phone ringing.
“You saying that I am like your younger brother will ensure me votes,” says Nirmal Singh, the Congress candidate from Ambala Cantt, as he briefs Capt minutes before a rally here. And it seems that his audience is equally enamoured.  As soon as he reaches a rally venue, he gets a rousing reception as people jostle with each other to walk up to him. “I have been dying to meet him. I have been hearing so much about Maharaj sahib,” says Chitra Sarwar, a young woman from Ambala.
On his part, Amarinder comes prepared to attack the INLD and the BJP. “Mein badalan da ilaaj kar reha han. Hooda saab ne Chautaleyan da nilaaj kar ditta par poora nahi hoya. Hun tussi usnu Haryana vichon bahar kad deyo (I am sorting out Badals. Hooda did the same to Chautalas but they still need to be sorted out. So, you throw them out),” he tells a packed rally ground in chaste Punjabi amidst applause and sloganeering.
Once he finishes with his address, he hops onto his SUV and heads off to the next rally venue. A seasoned politician, Amarinder waves to passers-by and attempts to strike a chord with those on the road. He gestures to his OSD Major Amardeep, who is at the wheels, as the vehicle approaches a group of children. Once the vehicle stops he asks the children, “Hello beta, vote ban gayi tuhadi (Have you enrolled yourself as voters?)”. They respond with a grin. “You get a feel of the village from the children. If they are sullen, it means the village is not with you,” he remarks as he rolls up the window.  Its a routine he does again. This time the vehicle stops for a farmer, who is asked about his paddy yield.
At Ambala, it’s back to serious business. “What is Modi doing? I don’t see him in Parliament. He is always touring. If he comes to you asking continued…

Who is Sidhu  asks Sukhbir; SAD calls BJP leader backstabberWho is Sidhu, asks Sukhbir; SAD calls BJP leader backstabber
Written by Chitleen K Sethi | Samanabad (pehowa) |       October 10, 2014 9:58 am
Comments
INLD candidate Kulbhushan Goyal(left) with Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal at a rally in Panchkula on Thursday. (Express photo by Sumit Malhotra)
A day after former BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu lashed out at SAD in his rallies while campaigning in Haryana, SAD president and Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal retorted by saying that he did not “know” anyone called Sidhu.
“Who is Navjot Sidhu? I don’t know him. I knew someone by that name earlier but I have forgotten,” Sukhbir told The Indian Express. Sukhbir was in Pehowa to campaign for INLD candidate Jaswinder Singh Sandhu.
Sidhu had in his rallies at Dabwali and Kalianwali yesterday criticized SAD for joining hands with the INLD, referring to the Badals as “backstabbers.” He said SAD was in power in Punjab and that is why they had “forgotten” the BJP.
SAD general secretary Maheshinder Singh Grewal lambasted Sidhu saying it was he who was the backstabber. “He backstabbed his mentor Arun Jaitley in the Lok Sabha polls, when he did not come to Amritsar to campaign even for a day. And what about the stories doing the rounds that he even went to meet Rahul Gandhi for a ticket before the elections? What does that make him? A loyalist of BJP or a backstabber?” said Grewal.
With SAD in collaboration with INLD in Haryana against BJP —- their ally in Punjab —- till now the two parties have been working on a mutual understanding that BJP leaders will not speak against Akalis while campaigning and vice versa. Both will only target the Congress and other parties. But with the stakes rising and the battle at many places looking like a straight fight between BJP and INLD, the veneer of the unsaid rule is thinning.
Thus, when the two-time Amritsar MP, known for his straightforwardness, chose to “break” the unwritten understanding and took on the Badals in his rallies in support of BJP candidates, he had the silent backing of the BJP.
“It is not Sidhu who started it. Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal said a few days ago at a rally that he became Punjab CM because of the INLD. How can he say that? He has become CM because of the BJP. If SAD leaders speak against the BJP, we will speak against SAD,” said a BJP leader.
The SAD, however, claims it is assiduously sticking to the rule and not uttering a word against the BJP. “It is a tightrope walk for the SAD leaders but they are only speaking against the Congress. In fact, it is Amit Shah who has been making provocative speeches, referring to INLD as goondas. And not just Shah, at times even Narendra Modi’s speeches have been derogatory. But we have not reacted at all in our campaigning. We can also easily call the BJP communal. continued…

Infosys Q2 PAT at Rs 3 096 cr | Live updates | Stock quoteYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narayana Murthy cease to be non-executive chairman of InfosysOct 10, 2014, 09.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Narayana Murthy cease to be non-executive chairman of Infosys
Infosys has informed that Mr. Narayana Murthy will cease to be Non-Executive Chairman and Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan will cease to be the Non-Executive Vice Chairman effective October 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Narayana Murthy cease to be non-executive chairman of Infosys
Infosys has informed that Mr. Narayana Murthy will cease to be Non-Executive Chairman and Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan will cease to be the Non-Executive Vice Chairman effective October 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, inter alia, has transacted the following;1. Mr. Narayana Murthy will cease to be Non-Executive Chairman effective October 10, 2014. He indicated that in line with the company's high corporate governance standards and to avoid any perceived conflicts, it would not be appropriate for him to be the Chairman Emeritus of Infosys. The Board accepted Mr. Murthy's decision and sincerely thanked him for his vision, leadership and guidance in making Infosys a globally respected Company.2. Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan will cease to be the Non-Executive Vice Chairman effective October 10, 2014. The Board expressed its deep sense of appreciation for the services rendered by him during his tenure at Infosys.3. Mr. K. V. Kamath has been elected as the Chairman of the Board effective October 11, 2014.4. The Company has been classifying its founders, Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S. Gopalakrishnan, S. D. Shibulal and K Dinesh along with their immediate family members as promoters/promoter group of the company in applicable disclosures with the stock exchanges (Clause 35) and other regulatory authorities. With the last two founders, Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan remitting office, the founders have neither association with the Company nor exercise any control over the affairs of the Company after the current date. The founders have therefore requested the Company to seek appropriate classification of their revised status. The Company is in the process of seeking appropriate regulatory guidance on the same.Source : BSE

Nifty may trade between 7840-8000: Magnum Equity BrokingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty may trade between 7840-8000: Magnum Equity Broking
According to a report by Magnum Equity Broking, Nifty is likely to trade between 8000 and 7840.
Post your opinion here
 
Magnum Equity Broking's Fundamental Report:
Indian market rose one and half percent on Thursday, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the U.S. Federal Reserve would not rush into raising interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd.
The benchmark BSE Sensex gained 1.49 percent at 26,637.28, while the broader Nifty closed up 1.5 percent at 7,960.55. The stock market gains were the biggest since September 18 and were led by bluechip stocks hit the most during a three-session sell-off that brought the indexes to their lowest close in two months on Wednesday.
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd, which fell 16.11 percent between Sept. 1 and Wednesday, gained 8.4 percent after it won a USD 1.28 billion contract, which is about 7-8 percent of its total order book. Banks were among other major gainers. State Bank of India closed 2.8 percent higher while ICICI Bank gained 2.75 percent. Minutes from the Fed's meeting in September, published on Wednesday, appeared to signal that concerns about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and weaker global economy could potentially push back a tightening in US monetary policy. European shares closed down on Thursday, after trading in and out of positive territory throughout the afternoon.
US stocks sank on Thursday, erasing all and more of the previous day's rally, as investors bypassed U.S. corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy. Asia stocks joined Wall Street's sell off on Friday as investors fretted over slowing growth in Europe.
Global cues are subdued today with them SGX Nifty is showing 67 points cut in morning trade indicating that Indian market may open with downward gap today and Nifty is likely to trade between 8000 and 7840.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nifty support at 7800; buy at lower levels: Deven Choksey08:00 am
Deven Choksey of KR Choksey Shares & Securities says the much needed correction is coming which gives an opportunity for portfolio investors to invest at lower levels.
According to him the Nifty is in a broad range of 7800-8200 and one must buy when it comes to 7800 levels. 7800 would be a good technical support for the market believes Choksey.
Since defensives have already run up a lot, they are correcting now and seeing profit booking but old economy stocks that have already corrected significantly, are likely to see buying support at lower levels, says Choksey.
Also read: Low crude prices good for India; remain a buyer: Macquarie
Below is the transcript of his stock views
I find that some of the infrastructure asset ownership companies are looking quite interestingly placed. There are many power generation companies which are available at valuation of somewhere around Rs 3.5-4 crore per megawatt kind of capacity. If the fuel supply is linked with these companies then sooner than later the power tariff issues would probably give them the opportunity to get into the business little bit more with confidence. That is where I like companies like  Adani Power and even NTPC . So one should consider buy them into the portfolio.
Along with that some of the port companies including  Adani Port within this bracket are looking quite interestingly poised. So, to a greater extent this infrastructure asset ownership class would give good amount of opportunity to buy stocks into portfolio.
Otherwise there are many stocks in the midcap space where I believe market is giving you good opportunity and that includes some of the names like  UPL and  Advanta where I believe that the growth potential is quite huge going forward.
I do agree that with the fall in the crude oil prices the derivatives of the crude oil also would probably come down and as a result of which the feed stock for some these players like we mentioned about the paint companies, the prices would come down. Along with the increase in the demand certainly the paint industry is appearing to be better placed compared to others in the coming times. However, the benefit is unlikely to come in next one or two quarters. The benefits could probably come little later. From that point of view we will monitor the prices and the valuation at such point of time.
As far as buying the companies which are related with the crude oil probably upstream companies will be better. Within that the preference could be more on  Reliance at this point of time. Considering the fact that Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited ( ONGC ) would come out with offer for sale (OFS) and at that point of time you might get it at discounted rate, probably at this point of time if one wants to accumulate it would be a better opportunity to accumulate Reliance.
Given the kind of a proposition in different areas and the verticals in which they have build, I would think that Reliance could be a good investment choice for next two to three years. Maybe in the near term you don't have too much of excitement because of the lack of the volume growth but otherwise the company appears to be quite well positioned for the growth eventually from all its verticals in next two to three years.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys Q2 profit beats estimate; shares jump over 6% on bonus issueInfosys Q2 profit beats estimate; shares jump over 6% on bonus issue
IT stocks gain after Infosys  earnings beat estimatesIT stocks gain after Infosys  earnings beat estimates
India: Good  bad & uglyIndia: Good  bad & ugly
Market slumps in early trade on weak Asian stocksMarket slumps in early trade on weak Asian stocks
Sensex falls 241 points in early trade; Hindalco  Tata Steel dragSensex falls 241 points in early trade; Hindalco  Tata Steel drag
Growth to pick up from 5.6% in FY15 to 7% in FY17: CitigroupGrowth to pick up from 5.6% in FY15 to 7% in FY17: Citigroup
Investments pour in MP at the Global Investment Summit 2014Investments pour in MP at the Global Investment Summit 2014
IT shares trade firm post Infosys Q2 resultsIT shares trade firm post Infosys Q2 results
Live: Infosys Q2 earnings beat forecasts; CEO Sikka speaks 
 
10:30 am: "We had an exciting performance during the quarter. We are already seeing some impact of the changes we are looking to bring about."
10:28 am: "I look forward to leading Infosys back to industry-leading profitability."
10:25 am: "We are embarking on a new journey to renew the existing work that we do. In the 70 days, I have been in charge, I have had discussions with a lot of our partners. We are looking to improve operational efficiencies, renew our sales approach, productivity evaluation and introduce newer systems to measure productivity."
10:20 am: The new CEO is speaking at the post-result press conference.
10:10 am: Attrition has picked up but this would have been expected as a new management at the top would have led to some change in ranks.
10:00 am: Several pieces of good news. Utilization for the IT services and consulting business improves at Infosys from 75.8 percent to 76.2 percent (including trainees).
9:50 am: Infosys has also announced a 1:1 bonus. Infy shares are up 6.4 percent.
9:40 am: The new CEO has been looking to turn around Infosys' performance after its revenue and profit growth had fallen behind industry peers, and specifically TCS, leading the firm to recall founder Narayana Murthy out of retirement. After a one-year stay, Murthy appointed Sikka as chief and has stepped back again.
9:25 am: Dr Sikka, who took over as CEO on August 1 amid much churn at the company, has gotten off to a good start. Infosys solidly beat street expectations on virtually all parameters. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, revenue jumped 4.5 percent to Rs 13,352 crore, dollar revenue climbed 3.1 percent to USD 2,201 million. Net profit in rupee terms rose 7.3 percent to Rs 3,096 crore while it rose 6 percent to USD 511 million. These were better than what a CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts had forecast.
9:20 am: One of India's most iconic companies, Infosys , today started a new chapter when it declared quarterly earnings under its first non-founder CEO Dr Vishal Sikka.
RELATED NEWS

This Diwali  SRK says Happy New YearUpdated: October 5, 2014 16:41 IST
This Diwali, SRK says Happy New Year
Srinivasa Ramanujam
Hindi cinema
In Chennai to promote his upcoming film, Shah Rukh Khan speaks about his southern connect and being inspired by Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth
On the set of Fan, the film he’s currently shooting for, Shah Rukh Khan often gets bogged down. It’s a difficult film to make, he says, and the actor often thinks, “Arre yaar, why am I doing this at this point of time when I could have done an easier movie or taken a break?”
And that’s the time he thinks of Kamal Haasan and the two weeks he spent shooting for Hey Ram.
“He would roll the camera, he’d act… and at lunch, he’d serve us food. Just the effort he put in was inspiring. So, every time I’m down on the sets, I think of Kamal sir. He’s shown the path and I should do the same.”
For now, he isn’t bogged down. He’s in a ‘happy’ (new year) phase. Shah Rukh says he’s never done a film like Happy New Year, his upcoming movie that hits screens this Diwali. That’s because he is also part of it.
“I don’t know if other actors at this stage that I am in would do something like this,” says the actor, who was in the city with the entire starcast at the invitation of Sri Palam Silk Sarees.
“Most of the films I do, whether they’re love stories or serious ones, depend on what I’m doing in it. The character I play leads it. Sometimes, it’s nice to not have that burden on yourself and get others to share it with.”
He’s referring to Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah. “It’s not an SRK-led film. The hero of the film is all the six of us together.”
Happy New Year strives to combine elements of heist and dance and that, he says, was fun.
“Both of them are things that have to be big,” he explains, “Dance has to be big on screen and heist has to be cool. I hope people across the world like it and remake it.”
He shares a warm rapport with his five ‘partners in crime’ and describes Deepika, with whom he’s teaming up again after their last outing in Chennai Express, as ‘family’. “There was a period of seven-eight years when we weren’t working together. Initially in her career, she used to call me to take decisions. Over the years, she’s really honed herself as an actor. She’s someone ordained to be a star. Farah (director) and me are lucky to have someone like Deepika for this project,” he says. Would he play a completely offbeat role and sport a dishevelled look for a film, we ask him.
“What I would like to do is not important; what people would like me to do for them is,” he says, matter-of-factly. “A film is always a director’s vision. When I have a few days off, I think about all the things I’d like to do. But then, those films are being made — the logistics and timing need to work out. As an actor, I’d never make a film for myself. I’d like to keep it that way.”
The last time he was in town for a promotion, he did the ‘Lungi Dance’ and got Chennai cheering for him.
“I’m told that Chennai Express did very well overseas, and that had a lot to do with the Tamil audiences watching it. That was heartening to know. There were times when people thought we were making a spoof on Chennai, which wasn’t the case. It was a fun film, with no disrespect to anyone.”
SRK’s a huge fan of commercial Tamil cinema. “We get very entertained with the films made here. I’m dying to watch Shankar’s I.”
If Kamal Haasan motivates him to go that extra mile in films, it’s Rajinikanth he looks up to for some real-life inspiration. “What I learn from him is what I follow in real life,” he explains. “I don’t carry my stardom outside the theatre. A lot of people initially told me that because I’m a star, I should dress a certain way. I told them, ‘Look at Rajini sir. In films, he’s a superstar but in real life, he’s a normal person. It makes me feel that when I’m much smaller than him, why can’t I do it too?’” Can he now deliver the difficult ‘Appa Thuppaki’ (his Tamil dialogue in Hey Ram) perfectly? “Oh no, I still cannot get that right. Tabu is still teaching me….”

PM Modi propels India-themed funds to the top spotPM Narendra Modi propels India-themed funds to the top spot in 2014
Chris Vellacott        Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:52 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Emerging markets have provided investors with the best and worst returns of 2014, with league tables of mutual fund performance showing India-themed vehicles dominating the top and Russia conspicuous at the bottom.
Mutual funds specialising in Indian stocks account for 25 of the top 30 performers out of more than 3,400 funds available for sale in the UK for the first nine months of 2014, according to data from Lipper, a Thomson Reuters company that tracks the asset management industry.
The Sensex reached an all-time high on September 8 and by the end of the month had climbed more than 28 per cent from the start of the year. India-focused funds topping the league table have returned 40-50 per cent this year.
Much of this momentum was spurred by euphoria surrounding Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's landslide election victory in May and his pro-business pledges to boost growth.
Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund, which ranked 12th after growing 37 per cent over the nine months to the end of September, says India's economy is set to enjoy a further lift in coming months from a weak oil price.
India imports most of its energy so a falling oil price will benefit the government's Budget, boost the balance of trade and help curb inflation, in turn leading to possible interest rate cuts, he said.
"All of this is very positive for the economy. Add to that mix a new prime minister whose sole focus appears to be getting things done. He's actually realised what ails India is lack of execution," Vazirani said.
In contrast, the bottom fifth of the performance rankings list is dominated by Russia-themed funds.
Russian assets have endured months of punishment from a triple whammy of Western sanctions in response to Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis, an economy headed for recession and the impact of falling oil prices on its budget and balance of payments.
Nine of the bottom 10 funds are Russia-focused, losing between 20 percent and 27 percent over the period. The rouble denominated MCX equities index is down around 7 percent.
To some investors the contrasting performance of two 'emerging' countries highlights the folly of lumping together dozens of diverse economies in a single emerging markets category for the purpose of devising benchmarks.
"Rather than recognising the enormous nuances that exist between countries and corporations across the globe ... markets tend instead to boil everything down to simple binary choices," said Jan Dehn, head of research at emerging markets focused fund manager Ashmore Investment Management in London.
"The reality is that EM is now extremely diverse and nuanced. The challenges facing Russia today have absolutely nothing to do with anything happening in the Brazilian election. Optimism in India over the new Modi administration tells us nothing whatsoever about Erdogan's political agenda in Turkey."
(Reuters)

Ebola poses $33bn threat to west AfricaEbola poses $33bn threat to west Africa economy as human cost grows
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8439bf4-4eb3-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Pak PM Gilani s son booked after guard guns down civilianPress Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:58 am
Pakistan’s former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani’s son has been booked in a murder case after his security guard allegedly shot dead a young biker for not clearing the way for “VIP movement” here.
Tanvir Javed told police that his 23-year-old son Tahir Malik was going to Defence area on a motorbike on Wednesday evening when he had a heated exchange with Abdul Qadir, Gilani’s eldest son, and his security guards. “Gilani junior’s guards on a double cabin signaled Tahir to get aside to clear the way for the VIP. As Tahir took a little time to move to extreme left of the road a guard opened fire on him, killing him on the spot,” Javed said.
Following the incident, Javed along with his family placed his son’s body outside the Defence Y Block residence of Yousuf Raza Gilani and demanded registration of a murder case against Qadir and his guards.
Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tahreek-i-Insaf workers also joined the protesters. Imran Khan has declared a “war on VIP culture” in Pakistan.
The protesters shouted slogans against VIP culture. A heavy contingent of police reached the spot to stop protesters from entering Gilani’s house.
After several hours of protest, the police booked Qadir and his five guards under murder and terrorism charges.
“We have arrested one of Mr Qadir’s guards, Muhammad Khan, after registering a case against him and his five guards under sections 302 of Pakistan Penal Code and 7 anti-terrorism act,” senior police officer Haider Ashraf said.
He said the statements of eyewitnesses have been recorded. “We have included the terrorism charges in the FIR as killing someone on the road without any provocation amounts to creating terror in society,” the official explained.
Qadir told police that since his family had been under severe security threats after the kidnapping of his younger brother Ali Haider Gilani in May 2013 his guards opened fire on Tahir mistaking him as “assailant”.
“We offer our deep regret to the family of Tahir,” he said.
The case was apparently registered after Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif took notice of the incident and ordered Lahore police chief to probe the matter.

BJP was over-confident says Raj ThackerayAnant Geete
(Everyone knew that the BJP…)
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MNS president Raj Thackeray in separate, exclusive, interviews with Rajesh Ramachandran and Krishna Kumar speak about the alleged conspiracy behind the BJP-Shiv Sena breakup. While Pawar rules out any truck with Congress ( Read interview ), Raj insists that NCP and BJP will soon be together. Excerpts of the interview with Raj Thackeray:
You had supported Narendra Modi in the general elections, but now you are attacking him. What changed in five months?
I think I am the first person to have made a statement that Narendra Modi should be the Prime Minister of India. Today, however he is still working as if he is the PM of Gujarat. When he met the US president, the first words from Barack Obama were 'Kemcho Mr Prime Minister'. That is because Modi's image has become entirely that of the PM of Gujarat. We are not against Gujaratis or even against Gujarat but this cannot be the image of our country's Prime Minister. In Maharashtra, 250 acres meant for Coast Guard was cancelled after Modi became the PM and the project was taken away to Gujarat. Your love for Gujarat can be seen after you became the PM, after all this, how can we accept that you are the country's Prime Minister?
You have also criticised Modi over the number of election rallies he has been holding in Maharashtra?
I am not concerned with the rallies but the use of government machinery for this purpose. When we want to hold a rally the Election Commission asks us how much we have spent? Now, when Modi is campaigning, he is using all the government facilities, government aircraft and helicopters are being used. A huge number of police guards him during the tours as he is the PM. But the PM is using government machinery while campaigning for a political party. He is the first PM who is addressing so many rallies for the assembly polls. There are soldiers getting killed on our border. But what does our PM do? He is campaigning in Haryana and Maharashtra. We didn't make you the PM for this? He talks to the country on how the people should function and how they should behave. But he should start with himself.
Why do you think the BJP snapped the alliance with the Shiv Sena?
Everyone knew that the BJP was going to break the alliance. If I knew it then wouldn't the Sena have known it? There was only greed for power and seats. The divorce papers were ready long ago. They were only interested in who gets how many seats. During the days of Balasaheb, Advani and Vajpayee, there was a relationship between the two parties now there are only deals to be made.
Why did the Sena take so long to understand that the BJP was going to break the ties?
Well, I knew sitting outside that the BJP was going to break the ties. The Sena was, however, desperate for an alliance and hence kept chasing the BJP while the BJP was over-confident.
Is there a Modi wave now? Considering he is addressing so many rallies?
There is no Modi wave. He has to attend so many rallies because there is no wave and also, BJP doesn't have a face to project. Modi himself said in his first rally that if Gopinath Munde was alive he wouldn't have had to campaign. BJP doesn't have any leaders in Maharashtra, yet they are asking for a majority. Modi is coming to campaign, but he is not going to be the CM. So why should people vote for Modi?
What would be the post-poll scenario?
When I fight elections, I don't think about results whether it is assembly or Lok Sabha polls. I was actually not keen on fighting the Lok Sabha polls as I knew what the results were going to be, however there were pulls and pressures within the party. I had no conviction while addressing rallies then and I knew it. Today, I have 100% conviction while fighting the assembly elections and when I fight the election I don't think of how many seats I will get.
You had said that you would join the Shiv Sena in a post-poll scenario against the BJP?
No, I have not made such comments, all I said was that if attempts are made to separate Mumbai from Maharasthra then all the Maharashtrians in the state would come together to fight it.
The BJP is talking of creating a separate state of Vidarbha , will this become a big issue in these elections?
They are talking but they won't be able to do it. This issue would hurt them across Maharashtra.
You believe that Sharad Pawar is going to join hands with the BJP after the elections?
Pawar has good equations with the BJP. He was about to join the NDA even during the Lok Sabha elections, however, it could not happen because of opposition from the RSS. I have come to know of at least three to four meetings with Modi. This is what we have come to know, there could be many more that we don't know. Don't be surprised if you see Pawar as a minister after the elections. It was Pawar who told the BJP that if you break the alliance with the Sena then the NCP will break the alliance with the Congress.
You had also apparently met BJP leader Nitin Gadkari secretly?

45 per cent vote share for BJP and Shiv Sena: SurveyBJP
(Other parties including…)
MUMBAI: A survey done by C voter in association with a private news channel shows that in Maharashtra the Shiv Sena and BJP will get 45% vote share while the Congress and NCP will get 34% votes.
This survey released in the first week of October says that the saffron parties are likely to get 206 seats with the BJP becoming the largest party in the assembly while the Congress and NCP's tally in the state assembly is likely to be 59 seats which is a drop of 85 seats compared to the last assembly elections held in 2009.
Other parties including independents are likely to get 23 seats compared to the 54 seats they secured in 2009 Assembly elections according to this survey.
The survey does not however provide a break up of how many seats the Shiv Sena or the BJP will independently win as they are now fighting separately in the state. But mentions that if these parties join together then they will be able to form a government in Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt may revive Council on Climate ChangeNarendra Modi government may revive Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change
Urmi Goswami, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 03.50AM IST
Tags:
Investment Commission of India
(The PM’s Council on Climate…)
NEW DELHI: With the adverse impacts of climate change becoming more evident and the recent spate of extreme weather events, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is actively considering reviving the high level advisory panel to coordinate national efforts to assess, adapt to and counter the impact of climate change.
The PM's Council on Climate Change constituted by the UPA government in 2007 last met in February 2011 and limited itself to assessing the eight missions that comprised National Action Plan on Climate Change (NAPCC).
There has been little action on the ground in most of these core missions, the most successful of which was the one focused on energy efficiency while the solar mission also registered modest successes.
"Part of the reason for the slow movement was a lack of proper coordination, delayed availability of funds, especially for programmes which were not in the regular mould of government schemes," a member of the erstwhile council said.Unlike the Prime Minister's Council in the UPA regime, the new council is expected to go beyond the missions under the NAPCC, a person familiar with the matter said.
With the impact of climate change becoming more evident, and robust projections by scientists, particularly the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change on the adverse impact on food production, water availability and other key developmental issues, there is a renewed focus on taking domestic measures to both adapt to and reduce the impact of climate change.The decision comes at a crucial time in the international climate change negotiations as well.
Countries have agreed to put in place a new global compact by December 2015 in Paris to address climate change and limit its impact.
As part of this effort, each country is expected to put forward efforts and actions to tackle climate change or in climate negotiation parlance "intended nationally determined contributions".
The PM's Council is not focused primarily on international negotiations but on advising on efforts to address climate change and its deliberations will feed into India's stance in the negotiations. The council is expected to include a fair representation from industry, in contrast to the previous council in which then Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata was the sole representative from industry and was included in his capacity as chairman of the Investment Commission of India .
"Industry is a key stakeholder in addressing climate change. Consider the effort to increase the share of renewable energy and introduce energy efficiency in manufacturing processes, buildings and appliances, and keeping out industry doesn't make sense for an advisory body," said an official.
The ministry of environment, forests and climate change, which is the nodal ministry for the issue, has already given its suggestions on the members.
The ministries implementing the eight missions comprising the NAPCC have also given their suggestions on inclusion of experts in the panel, a senior official said, adding the Prime Minister's Office is likely to take the final call on the members of the reconstituted council soon.
Among the names doing the rounds for inclusion in the panel are that of Jayant Mauskar, former co-chairperson of the UNFCCC's Adhoc Working Group on the Durban Platform, and former special secretary in the ministry of environment ; former environment secretary Prodipto Ghosh and currently a distinguished fellow at Teri.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi wants number of RAX users to be expanded to 5 000You are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi wants number of RAX users to be expanded to 5,000 to keep government business safe
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.08AM IST
Tags:
Anil Goswami
(Nripendra Mishra wrote…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered a fourfold increase in the users of secure RAX telephone sets, asking senior bureaucrats up to the director level to be given these secure lines for communication so that all government business is safe from interception by intelligence agencies of foreign countries.
PM's Principal Secretary Nripendra Mishra wrote to the home ministry and telecom department on July 9, asking for the number of RAX users to be expanded to 5,000 officials.
Home secretary Anil Goswami in a letter on July 17 agreed to the idea and the Department of Telecom approved the proposal on September 3, as per a letter trail accessed by ET.
So far, only about 1,300 officials up to the joint secretary level have secure RAX lines. As per the new proposal, all officials till the director level will be given these lines and a RAX phone will also be provided at the residence of each official. "Many a time, in an emergency, officers are contacted at home too. The confidentiality of that conversation also cannot be compromised," a senior government official said.
The 5,000 users will be given new RAX phones for internal communication which can be operated only after fingerprint identification. A live picture of the caller is also visible on the phone-set of the officer receiving the secure call, thereby eliminating chances of impersonation.
The special secured handset enables classified communication to be encrypted at the handset stage itself, thus making a communication secure from tapping. The 1,300-odd officials having RAX lines so far did get these new phones last year but they are not operational and officials continue to use their old and far less secure handsets for confidential communication.
The new phones have been developed by the Centre for Development of Telematics (C-DoT) and MTNL will now make all these phones operational for 5000 users.
Government officials will be soon instructed to speak strictly through RAX lines to each other for maintaining confidentiality of communication.
BJP government has been critical of the US snooping attempts and foreign minister Sushma Swaraj had ticked off US Secretary of State John Kerry on this issue when he had came visiting in July.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi misled on AIIMS CVO Sanjiv Chaturvedi s removalYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi misled on AIIMS CVO Sanjiv Chaturvedi's removal?
M Rajshekhar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 05.45AM IST
Tags:
AIIMS CVO
(Chaturvedi’s removal…)
NEW DELHI: Has the Union health ministry misled Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the AIIMS CVO matter? On August 23, health secretary Lov Verma sent a detailed note to the PMO on why Sanjiv Chaturvedi , an Indian Forest Service officer who had uncovered several scams while posted in Haryana, had been removed from the post of Chief Vigilance Officer (CVO) at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi.
The note, which followed Modi's phone conversation with health minister Harsh Vardhan on the matter, adds fuel to the controversy surrounding Chaturvedi's abrupt removal because it contains apparent contradictions in the ministry's own position and is silent about a BJP Member of Parliament who had sought his dismissal.
Chaturvedi's removal in August, barely three months after the Modi government took over, drew parallels with the repeated transfers of IAS officer Ashok Khemka , who had exposed corruption in Haryana.
The move came almost two years after Chaturvedi survived an attempt to remove him soon after he had been appointed CVO in June 2012.Verma's five-page note, a copy of which is with ET, traces events back to 2009, when the Central Vigilance Commission first observed that the model of appointing a part-time CVO at AIIMS was not working very well.
At that time, says the note, while the ministry favoured a full-time CVO, AIIMS didn't. As things turned out, a post of deputy secretary/director was created at AIIMS.
This post went to Chaturvedi who, shortly after taking charge, was told by the then AIIMS deputy director, Vineet Chawdhry, to act as its CVO as well.
In his letter, Verma faults this decision. According to him, AIIMS' decision to assign the charge of CVO to Chaturvedi was not in accordance with the CVC guidelines.
"This long-standing anomaly has now been corrected," says the letter Verma also says that Chaturvedi had been given additional charge as CVO, AIIMS.
However, according to a ministry insider who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity, the note sent by Verma to the two principal secretaries to the PM — PK Mishra and Nripendra Mishra — and to cabinet secretary Ajit Seth, tells an incomplete story.
For instance, Verma's assertion that Chaturvedi's appointment violated CVC guidelines is contradicted by the CVO of the ministry of health, Vishwas Mehta. In file notings dated October 1, 2012, Mehta writes: "AIIMS is-...not in the list of organisations which requires mandatory approval of CVC before approval of CVO."
Mehta added in file notings dated May 23, 2014: "All the statutory requirements in the creation and appointment of the post of CVO have already been completed and therefore the matter should be closed here itself."
These notings were endorsed by Verma himself. However, his letter to the PMO contradicts what the notings say. Verma also says that Chaturvedi was given additional charge as CVO over and above his other responsibilities. However, the AIIMS' office memorandum announcing his appointment says he will handle four other functions "in addition to his duties and responsibilities as CVO."
say, "Then health secretary Sh. Pradhan had given a specific commitment before the parliamentary committee on June 8, 2012 that Shri Sanjiv Chaturvedi... would be made CVO of AIIMS." Verma's note is also silent on the role played by BJP general secretary JP Nadda.
A Rajya Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, Nadda had written to both Vardhan and his predecessor Ghulam Nabi Azad , asking them to remove Chaturvedi.
In one such letter written on June 24, Nadda asked Vardhan to remove Chaturvedi as CVO and to appoint the head of AIIMS' paediatrics department, Vinod Kaul, as its new CVO.
He also said Chaturvedi should be sent back to his parent cadre and that all enquiries started by him should be put on hold.Verma refused to take any questions on Chaturvedi when ET contacted him. Chaturvedi is still at AIIMS but his main function, that of CVO, has been taken away.
Says the ministry insider, "His role is entirely defunct now." In his previous posting in Haryana's forest department, Chaturvedi had come under sustained attack from the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in the state for exposing corruption.
At AIIMS, his inquiries resulted in CBI investigations against senior hospital officials.This led to the previous move by the health ministry to transfer him — one that was scuttled after opposition from the Civil Services Board and the Parliamentary Committee for Health and Family Welfare.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhutan King and Queen visit Sarnathpicture  others
Bhutan King and Queen visit Sarnath
King of Bhutan Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck visited Sarnath with his wife Jetsun Pema on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
The King and the Queen get clicked in front of the famous Dhamekh Stupa in Sarnath. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
King and Queen with a replica of the Ashokan Pillars. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck takes a look around the Dhamekh Stupa. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
The King signs the visitor's book with wife Jetsun Pema. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
King of Bhutan Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck takes clicks a picture of Sarnath. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Related

I was quite happy with the death bowling: DhoniMore
Dhoni 'quite happy' with death bowling
India conceded 321 in the first ODI against West Indies, but MS Dhoni said he was "quite happy" with the bowling, especially in the death overs.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014 10:52 AM IST
Tweet
0
Dhoni on his way back after getting dismissed in Kochi.India conceded 321 in the first ODI against West Indies in Kochi and eventually lost by 124 runs, but their captain MS Dhoni said he was "quite happy" with the bowling, especially in the death overs. After going for 52 in the batting Powerplay, India's bowlers gave away 66 between overs 41 and 49, before Marlon Samuels and Darren Sammy scored 15 off the final over.
"Most our bowlers apart from Bhuvaneshwar gave runs," Dhoni said after the game. "Considering that we restricted them to a total of 321 on this wicket, I must say our bowlers did a decent job. I was quite happy with the death bowling and they bowled quite consistently maintaining their lengths and we were able to put fielders in right areas. Overall, I am quite happy with the bowling."
Although Bhuvneshwar Kumar was wicketless, he conceded only 38 in ten overs. Ravindra Jadeja had the next best economy rate - 5.80 - but the other four bowlers went at more than 6.50 runs per over. Dhoni had decided to bowl first because of the dew factor in Kochi but his ploy did not pay off in the afternoon heat.
"I think we had to do something because we have seen the impact of dew here. There was no surety, but dew plays a factor more often than not so the team is forced to bowl first," Dhoni said. "It was very hot and the fast bowlers were having a tough time and they would love to bowl few more overs. It was quite hard also to keep them rotating. I could not really rotate them well.
"They [West Indies] batted really well. If you see, we could not get too many wickets with the new ball. They were hitting the big shots but still we were not able to put pressure on them by not letting them get those easy singles."
Samuels was the key player for West Indies. He lifted a squad depleted by injury and dealing with contract issues with his sixth ODI hundred, and had a partnership of 165 with Denesh Ramdin - a West Indies record for the fourth wicket against India.
"I got some runs in the warm-up match against India A - including a half-century so I came here today determined to make my mark," Samuels said. "I lost my coach [Roy McLean] a little while back, so I dedicate this innings to him.
"Ramdin is in good nick for the last year and he's been batting well so we were able to feed off each other at the wicket. The communication and running between us went well. It is good when you can get runs and wickets and the team goes on to win the match. I will value this performance - when you do well and the team loses it doesn't mean that much to me. But to perform and take the team to a win against India in India is something special."
Samuels and the other West Indies batsmen were able to overcome the threat posed by India's spinners in Kochi. Collectively, they went for 144 runs in 22 overs and took only two wickets. Samuels was severe on Amit Mishra , whom he took for 40 runs off 28 balls.
"They have good spinners and I wanted to make sure I played well against the spinners," Samuels said. "Mishra is a very good legspinner with a googly like an offbreak so you had to be watchful. We tried to get the ones and twos against him and then attack the bad ball. It worked well."
Samuels also credited Viv Richards, who is with the West Indies A team in Sri Lanka at present, for his match-winning performance. "I had a long talk with the Master [Richards] and he just shared all his knowledge and I just soaked it up. I like to talk to the legends of West Indies cricket and gain knowledge. We have with us on tour, the great man Clive Lloyd, and also Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Richie Richardson as part of the team management. I like to listen to them as well. I will continue to talk to them and try to better my game."
West Indies go to Delhi for the second ODI on October 11 with a 1-0 lead in the five-match series.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

No question of joining Congress again: PawarThere is no question of joining with Congress again, says Sharad Pawar
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 01.47AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Pawar
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MNS president Raj Thackeray in separate, exclusive, interviews with Rajesh Ramachandran and Krishna Kumar speak about the alleged conspiracy behind the BJP-Shiv Sena breakup. While Pawar rules out any truck with Congress, Raj insists that NCP and BJP will soon be together ( Read interview ). Excerpts of interview with Sharad Pawar:
In your last interview to ET in April, you had predicted that Rajnath Singh would be the PM and had said there was no Modi wave. Do you still maintain that there is no Modi wave?
I don't know. I cannot say whether there is a Modi wave or not. There is a vast difference between this time and last time. Public meetings of the Prime Minister are very well organized by his party. But the kind of response that we had seen previously — the conversation between the masses and the leader — I don't see that now, except in one or two places. For the first time in Maharashtra, everybody is contesting separately, BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP. This is an opportunity for every party to asses its strength and stature in every corner of the state.
So, you don't find a Modi wave on the ground right now?
I can't say that. The performance of the Modi government in the last few days and the commitments they made and actually what has happened in the country, I don't think they (BJP) will get the same response. In UP, in the Lok Sabha polls, almost all the seats had gone to BJP. But in the Vidhan Sabha by-polls BJP lost eight out of nine seats. That means people are definitely changing their thinking. They are going away from BJP.
Did people vote for Modi only to drive out Congress-led UPA in the LS polls?
This was the first election where both the fronts, NDA and UPA, projected — UPA may not have done it officially — their PM candidates, Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi. These two leaders faced the nation and ultimately the people took a decision based on what the leaders were saying. People preferred Modi.
Do you think that Rahul Gandhi was not an ideal choice for PM candidate?
How can I say that? It is the misfortunate decision of another party. They can select anybody. It is their decision.
Is there an anti-incumbency factor working against NCP in assembly polls over irrigation scam and other allegations of corruption?
They have been continuously attacking us. What is there in irrigation? They said there is not a single acreage added. Globally, the highest number of irrigation projects are in India and within the country, the highest number is in Maharashtra. A number of irrigation projects have been completed in the last 15 years since this government came to power. There was a Supreme Court decision on water dispute between Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karanataka that whatever water cannot be stored by a state will be distributed to the other states. So, a conscious decision was taken by the government 25 years ago to construct dams first to store the water and to forget about the canals.
So, priority was given for the construction of dams. Now, the process of acquisition of land for canals has started. These projects were delayed for 25-30 years, so the cost of land has escalated. I can give you the example of the Sardar Sarovar project in Gujarat that has been going on for 35 years. Then the cost was estimated at Rs 6,000 crore, today it is Rs 36,000 crore. Should I say it is a scam? I will not say that because I know the cost has gone up.
The Opposition also knows it, but deliberately they are making allegations to create confusion. We have been ruling for 15 years and in every election, people do think about change. So, it is good that NCP, Congress, Shiv Sena and BJP are contesting separately. People will realize who has done good work in their respective constituencies and will take a view.
So this election is a contest at the constituency level?
That's right.
Why do Ajit Pawar and Prithviraj Chavan attack each other viciously?
Pawar was leading my party and its ministers in the cabinet. The NCP ministers were very unhappy with Chavan. In fact, we have worked with Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushil Shinde and Ashok Chavan, and there were no problems. In eleven out of 15 years, my ministers worked with Congress chief ministers and there was no dispute. Unfortunately, this time we have seen the decisionmaking process was slow. I will give you the example of the (Worli-Bandra) Sea Link. This was completed about 7-8 years ago. That department is with my party. My minister (Jaydutt) Kshirsagar kept on insisting with the CM and the cabinet that only half the work was done and that we have to go up to Nariman Point. But no decision was taken. So, unhappiness was there because of the delay in the decision-making process.
But Chavan had hinted that he was holding up only "personal files"?
Sea Link is not a personal file. We were only insisting on public projects. There is no question about personal files.

K taka govt divided over Jayalalithaa s transfer to TN jailEYE BROWSE
Jaya's transfer to TN jail in legal fix
The issue is taking a political twist with one section of the government adamant on shifting Jayalalithaa to Tamil Nadu while another section seems disinterested.
By Aravind Gowda | Mail Today –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
Print
BENGALURU: A DAY after the Karnataka High Court rejected former Tamil Nadu chief minister J. Jayalalithaa's bail plea, the state government has expressed its "helplessness" in transferring her to a prison in her home state.
The issue is taking a political twist with one section of the government adamant on shifting Jayalalithaa to Tamil Nadu while another section seems disinterested.
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said that his government cannot take a decision on the issue as several decision-making bodies are involved in it.
Meanwhile, Karnataka's Law & Parliamentary Affairs Minister T B Jayachandra said the government would explore the possibilities of transferring Jayalalithaa to Tamil Nadu only if her home state submitted a request.
"If the IG (Prisons) of Tamil Nadu sends an official request to his Karnataka counterpart, we will examine it after consulting the courts concerned," he said.
He pointed out that the Karnataka government is not in a position to transfer Jayalalithaa to a prison in Tamil Nadu suo motu.
"We also have to look into the legal aspects of the issue. Let the IG (Prisons) of Tamil Nadu send the proposal first," he added.
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

Former Finmeccanica head found guilty of false invoicesFormer Finmeccanica head found guilty of false invoices
Emilio Parodi     Busto Arsizio, Italy    Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:53 IST
Former Finmeccanica Chairman and CEO Giuseppe Orsi
An Italian court sentenced former Finmeccanica Chairman and CEO Giuseppe Orsi to two years in jail for falsifying invoices in a corruption case linked to an Indian helicopter deal, but cleared him of corruption charges.
The trial revolves around a 560-million euro contract awarded to Finmeccanica 's helicopter unit AgustaWestland in 2010 to supply 12 helicopters to the Indian government.
The scandal has embarassed the government and tarnished Finmeccanica's reputation at a time when the Italian aersopace and defence group is carrying out a tough restructuring. The new government has banned Finmeccanica from future contracts.
(Reuters)

L&T Eyes Infra Assets Listing in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
L&T Eyes Infrastructure Assets Listing in India
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Industrial conglomerate Larsen and Toubro Ltd is exploring a listing of its infrastructure assets including toll roads in the local market via a newly created investment trust, its chief financial officer told Reuters.
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
"If we can list these assets without the foreign exchange risk, then obviously we would prefer to do it," he said, adding that the company needed clarity on some tax issues before moving ahead with it.
India cleared the way for the country's first infrastructure trusts as well as so-called real estate investment trusts in July by announcing tax benefits, allowing developers to monetize their assets through a stock exchange listing.
Larsen had tapped investors earlier this year for a listing of its infrastructure assets in Singapore - in a deal sources familiar with the matter said could have raised up to $800 million - but did not move ahead with the plan.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Videocon launches new Infinium Z40 Quad smartphone at Rs 5 490 in IndiaOct 09, 2014 at 05:15pm IST
Videocon launches new Infinium Z40 Quad smartphone at Rs 5,490 in India
5
0
New Delhi: Videocon has launched its new smartphone in India. Named the Infinium Z40 Quad, the smartphone has a 3.2-megapixel front camera and a 5 megapixel BSI auto-focus rear camera.
It features a 4-inch WVGA IPS display. Running Android 4.4 KitKat OS, the phone has a 1.3GHz quad-core processor paired with 512MB of RAM.
The Infinium Z40 Quad has an internal storage space of 4GB. Priced at Rs 5,499, it comes in two colours - Black and White.
The new smartphone has a 4-inch display, 1.3GHz quad-core processor, and a 5 megapixel camera.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

US-based FIS pips Infy  TCS to get Bandhan bank contractUS-based FIS pips Infy, TCS to get Bandhan bank contract
Itika Sharma Punit & Namrata Acharya | Bangalore / Kolkata Oct 10, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Bandhan, which was recently granted an “in-principle” licence by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has collaborated with FIS, a US-based company, as its technology partner for the launch of the proposed Bandhan Bank.
FIS will be providing a fully integrated banking and payments platform via a totally outsourced delivery arrangement at Bandhan, according to a press release by the company. The seven-year technology outsourcing arrangement will provide services like core banking, channel solutions, trade finance, debit card management and transaction switching. FIS will also be responsible for the delivery and management of the entire IT infrastructure including all disaster recovery capabilities and the inter-branch network.
Bandhan expects to commence banking operations in 2015, by opening nearly 600 branches targeting 10 million customers. At present it has a network of over 2,000 branches, providing loans to more than 5.8 million customers.
“It is critical for our business that we have a technology provider with the experience to support our rapidly growing business”, said Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, chairman and managing director, Bandhan.

Coal India misses output target for 5th monthCoal India misses output target for 5th consecutive month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 20:51 IST
State-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) missed the output target for the fifth consecutive month producing 34.88 million tonnes (MT) of coal in September against targeted 36.17 MT even as acute fuel shortages continue to hit power generation.
In the first six months of the current fiscal, Coal India has produced 210.76 MT of coal against a target of 220.11 MT, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
In August, the output was 34.54 MT against the target of 35.13 MT. In July it achieved a production of 33.01 MT (35.86), in June it was 34.54 MT (36.84).
In May, the output was 36.27 MT against target of 38.46 MT.
As per the latest data (September 29) by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked Coal India to ramp up production from its existing mines.
CIL, which accounts for 80 per cent of domestic coal production, missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Production fell short of target because of various reasons, including lack of environment clearance to coal mining projects.
In 2012-13, the company produced 452.5 million tonnes of coal, falling short of the 464 MT target.
Coal India's production target for 2014-15 has been set at 507 MT.

Kashagan oil project costs rise by $4bnLeaking pipelines to add up to $4bn in costs to Kashagan oil project
By Jack Farchy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d68ac9c0-4fc0-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government to offer Rs 400 LED bulbs at Rs 10 soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ex-Finmeccanica leaders altered invoicesFormer Finmeccanica executives convicted of falsifying invoices
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a1b7a4-4fb3-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

States get 6 months to roll out Food Securit...Centre gives states six more months to implement National Food Security Act
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 03.23AM IST
Tags:
Antyodaya Anna Yojana
(This is the second extension…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has decided to give states an additional six months to implement the National Food Security Act that gives two-thirds of the country's population the right to highly subsidised food grains.
This is the second extension given by the Narendra Modi government to the states. A three-month extension given earlier has expired on October 4.
More than 6.1 crore tonnes of rice, wheat and coarse cereals are expected to be distributed to 81 crore people, covering 75% rural and 50% urban population, under the programme.
So far, eleven states — Haryana, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Punjab, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Chandigarh —have implemented the law, food minister Ram Vilas Paswan said on Thursday.
States have to prepare the list of beneficiaries, issue cards to them and set up infrastructure to carry out the programme, the minister said. "This is taking time." According to government officials, Uttarakhand, Kerala and Gujarat have given commitment to implement the law at the earliest.
States have been asked to make public distribution systems totally transparent through end-to-end computerisation so as to ensure that the benefits of the National Food Security Act reach deserving people. They have also been advised to list beneficiaries on Web portals and display movement of ration and related information. Communication modes like SMS would also be explored to inform the beneficiaries about allocation.
According to Paswan, three other welfare programme - above poverty line, below poverty line and Antyodaya Anna Yojana - are currently running apart from the Act. Households having BPL ration cards are issued 35 kg of rice and wheat at Rs 5.75 and Rs 4.15 a kg, respectively, while those under Antyodaya Anna Yojna pay Rs 2 a kg for wheat and Rs 3 for rice. APL card holders get rice at Rs 8 a kg and wheat for Rs 6.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airport bosses to review crews Ebola fearsAirport authorities to review striking crews’ Ebola concerns
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8aa844be-4fc6-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola panic grips US and SpainShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Ebola panic grips US and Spain
Oct 8, 2014 : This week, something approaching panic gripped parts of Spain and the US after a Liberian man in Dallas and a Spanish nurse in Madrid fell ill with Ebola. Clive Cookson, science editor, examines the serious shortcomings in precautions and awareness.

Corporates commit over Rs 1 lakh cr investment in MPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google doodles  Malgudi Days  on RK Narayan s 108th birth anniversaryOct 10, 2014 at  11:50am IST
Google doodles 'Malgudi Days' on RK Narayan's 108th birth anniversary
122
9
New Delhi: "Who's the man behind the book on our doodle in India? It's Malgudi's native son, famed Indian writer RK Narayan. Narayan is a well known pioneer of early Indian literature and set most of his stories in the fictional town of Malgudi. Happy 108th birthday to RK Narayan!," says Google describing the doodle posted on its India home page on October 10.
Rasipuram Krishnaswami Narayan was born in Madras (now Chennai) on October 10, 1906. Narayan moved to Mysore from where he graduated in 1930.
ALSO SEE Now chug into Mysore on 'Malgudi Express'
Narayan started his career as a journalist and later took to writing novels, his first being Swami and Friends in 1935.
RK Narayan is a well known pioneer of early Indian English literature and set most of his stories in the fictional town of Malgudi.
#rk narayan #malgudi days #google doodles #authors
Critics acclaim him as one of the greatest Indian storytellers of the modern era for the simplicity of language and wry humour with which he told his tales about the lives of common people in small town India.
ALSO SEE A walk down the memory lane: Now you can watch the entire 'Malgudi Days' series for free on YouTube
Narayan, who was introduced to western publishers by the British novelist Graham Greene, wrote 34 novels, most of which were translated into several Indian and foreign languages.
His Malgudi Days (shown in the doodle), about life in a small fictional town of Malgudi and written in 1982, was made into a popular television serial. The Guide, which was made into a film starring Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman.
Narayan also served a term in the Rajya Sabha as a nominated member.
He died of heart failure at the age of 94 on May 12, 2001.
Watch: Malgudi Days
Read RK Narayan's Malgudi Days
508

India sets up Japan team to push investmentsYou are here: Home > Collections
India sets up Japan Plus investment team to speed up proposals
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 03.08AM IST
Tags:
Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion
(The team set up by the Department…)
NEW DELHI: India has set up a Japan Plus management team to facilitate and speed up investment proposals in a bid to augment economic ties between the two countries. The team set up by the Department Of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) is made up of officials from both governments.
During the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan, the latter had offered to invest $35 billion over the next five years by way of public-private partnerships and overseas development assistance. Japan also offered to provide financial, technical and operational support to India for the introduction of bullet trains. "Japan Plus has been operationalised with effect from October 8, 2014. Japan Plus will be coordinated by Kenichiro Toyofuku from METI (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and will comprise four Indians and two Japanese officials," the government said on Thursday. The team will support the Indian government in initiating, attracting, facilitating, fast tracking and handholding Japanese investments across sectors.
Japan is the fourth-biggest foreign investor in India, contributing about 8% to total foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows.
Japan accounted for $1.7 billion of FDI in the 2013-14 fiscal, and $16.2 billion between 2000 and 2014. It has invested $4.5 billion in the first stage of the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor with 26% equity. It is also working closely with the government for the development of other industrial corridors.
In June, Tokyo sought government intervention to clear policy related hurdles to the operations of Japanese companies in the country, besides fast-tracking of some projects. The mandate of the Japan Plus team runs through the entire spectrum of investment promotion, research, outreach, promotion, facilitation and aftercare. The team will also be responsible for providing updated information on investment opportunities across sectors, in specific projects and in industrial corridors in particular.
"In addition, the Japan Plus team will identify prospective Japanese companies, including, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and facilitate their investments in India," the government said. India has also constituted a India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership core group chaired by the cabinet secretary.
This group will comprise the chairman, Railway Board, foreign secretary and secretaries of DIPP , revenue, economic affairs, financial services, urban development, information technology and others. This group will coordinate and closely monitor the process to ensure that investments from Japan as envisaged in India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership are facilitated in various sectors and opportunities of investment and technology transfer are fully exploited, the government said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sharp decline in firing by Pakistan along international border in JammuAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

PM Narendra Modi campaigns for candidate with criminal taintModi campaigns for candidate with criminal taint in Maharashtra
Yogesh Joshi , Hindustan Times  Pune, October 09, 2014
First Published: 20:50 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigned for a controversial Bharatiya Janata Party candidate on Thursday, asking people gathered at a rally in Maharashtra’s Rahuri city to re-elect the local legislator who faces a dozen criminal charges, including that of murder and extortion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares dais with Shivaji Kardile (extreme right - in white cap) at a public rally in Rahuri of Ahmednagar district. (HT Photo)
The Prime Minister’s support to Shivaji Kardile, ironically, came in a speech exhorting the public to shun tainted politicians of rivals Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
“If they want (you) to vacate houses or shops, the bahubali (strongman) comes to your doorstep. The time has come to send these bahubalis to jail,” Modi said, blaming the Cong-NCP combine, which was in an alliance until recently, for ‘encouraging criminalisation of politics”.
Maharashtra goes to polls on October 15 to elect a new state government.
The BJP nominee Kardile, who was on the stage with Modi on Thursday, spent a year behind bars in 2002 for his role in the district cooperative bank scam. In 2011, he was booked for murder and subsequently for criminal intimidation, forgery and attempted murder in other cases.
“All these cases against me have been slapped by my rivals to defame me. The rivals may have been making it an issue but the people of my constituency are with me,” Kardile said in his defence.
Thursday’s campaign rally was not the first instance of the PM seeking votes for a tainted candidate. On Tuesday, he shared stage with Anil Gote, an accused in the multi-crore Telgi scam.
The BJP’s rivals are increasingly accusing it of nominating persons with criminal background. Out of the 55 people the party has poached from its rivals ahead of the Maharashtra assembly polls, three face criminal charges.

Freedom must have limits too  girls should dress decently to not lure boys  says BJP s Karnal candidateOct 10, 2014 at  10:52am IST
Freedom must have limits too, girls should dress decently to not lure boys, says BJP's Karnal candidate
1122
9
Karnal: Another politician has blamed girls for rapes. Karnal BJP MLA candidate Manohar Lal Khattar has said that girls must be dressed decently and not 'lure' boys.
On a question about Khap panchayats and their rulings, Khattar said that to an extent Khap rulings were justified as they 'tried to abide by the Indian culture'. Khattar, who is also being seen as a possible CM candidate if BJP wins the October 15 Assembly elections in Haryana, said that girls need to be dressed decently so as to 'not attract the opposite sex'.
Speaking to IBNLive, Khattar said, "Khaps maintain the tradition of a girl and boy being brother and sister. They are just making sure that a girl and boy do not see each other in the wrong way. These rulings help prevent rapes too."
Khattar also went on to say pre-marital sex is wrong, calling it 'ulti seedhi cheezein'.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana ground report #ground report #haryana
He also went on to say pre-marital sex is wrong, calling it 'ulti seedhi cheezein'. "Pre-marital sex is a blot. Sex after marriage is acceptable. Pre-marital sex happens as the minds of the girls and boys are not on the right track," he said.
"If a girl is dressed decently, a boy will not look at her in the wrong way," Khattar added. When interrupted and asked about the freedom of choice to girls and boys, he said, "If you want freedom, why don't they just roam around naked? Freedom has to be limited. These short clothes are western influences. Our country's tradition asks girls to dress decently."
While Khattar holds these views, his own party member, Ambala Cantt BJP MLA Anil Viz disagreed with him. "I personally disagree with him. We can't hold such views in 21st century," said.
BJP's Karnal MP Ashwani Kumar Chopra too said he disagreed with Khattar's views. "At his age, people tend to become slightly orthodox," Chopra commented on Khattar's remark.
The Congress too hit out at him saying, "One needs to change with time. Change is the only constant. Such views are wrong," said Congress Karnal candidate Surender Singh Narwal.
2975

Mukand Ltd director quitsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Ultracab lists shares on SME platformUltracab lists shares on SME platform
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Ultracab (India) in a filing to BSE has informed trading members that from October 10 its equity shares are listed and admitted to dealings on the SME platform.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Infosys Q2 Profit Rises to Rs. 3 096 Crore  Shares Jump 5% on Bonus IssueYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys Q2 Profit Rises to Rs 3,096 Crore, Shares Jump on Bonus Issue
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 21:27 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys on Friday beat profit estimates on the back of higher-than-expected rise in September quarter margins. The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, leading to a sharp jump in stock prices. ( Read )
Infosys shares closed 6.7 per cent higher at Rs 3,888.95 after earlier hitting a new 52-week high of Rs 3,908. The stock outperformed the broader Nifty, which fell 1.3 per cent tracking global markets. Infosys was the top gainer on the 50-share Nifty index. ( Track stock )
The Q2 results are the first since Vishal Sikka took over as Infosys CEO on August 1. Dr Sikka, a former SAP top executive, is the first non-founder CEO of Infosys.
Between July and September, Infosys net profits rose to 3,096 crore on sales of 13,342 crore. Brokers polled by NDTV had expected Infosys to report a net profit of Rs 2,959 crore on sales of Rs 13,318 crore.
India's second biggest outsourcer had reported a net profit of Rs 2,886 crore on sales of Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter (Q1).
Operating (ebit) margin rose to 26.1 per cent, beating estimates. Infosys chief financial officer Rajiv Bansal said margins expanded despite making significant investments in business.
Over the past few quarters, Infosys has focused on improving efficiencies and cutting costs, which has boosted margins.
However, Infosys retained its dollar revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent for the current 2014-15 fiscal year. In September quarter, dollar revenues rose to $2201, slightly higher than estimates of $2195 million.
Over the last few years, Infosys has lagged behind its peers in terms of growth, but today the new CEO vowed to bring Infosys on a consistent profit growth path. (Watch: Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company, says Vishal Sikka )
"We look forward to become the bellwether of Indian IT industry again," Dr Sikka said at his first press conference after becoming Infosys CEO. ( Read more )
He also announced 100 per cent bonus for all employees. Analysts say the move is aimed to control a record-high attrition at Infosys. In the September quarter, attrition rose to 20.1 per cent from 19.5 per cent in the June quarter. That means one employee in five left the company during the quarter. ( Read )
Pramod Gubbi of Ambit told NDTV that Infosys Q2 results are better than estimates. "The margins have been better, but the focus in on the new line of strategey that CEO Vishal Sikka will outline and how that strategy will be executed over the next couple of years," he added.
Mr Gubbi, however, said that there was not enough in Q2 results to justify the surge in stocks today.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 16:13 (IST)

Sensex  Nifty Fall Sharply  Infosys Up 5%You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; Infosys Up 5%
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 11:09 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The BSE Sensex and Nifty opened with sharp cuts on Friday tracking the selloff in global equity markets. The selloff came in across the sectors.
High beta shares like banks and realty fell the most. The Bank Nifty fell 1.3 per cent while the realty index was down 1.8 per cent. Public lender, Punjab National Bank fell 2.5 per cent while ICICI Bank was down 1.6 per cent.
Foreign investors continued to be net sellers of Indian equities despite positive sentiments yesterday. FII have sold stocks worth Rs 21 crore in cash market yesterday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 624 crore.
Among the Nifty companies Hindalco fell the most, down 3 per cent after gaining over 6 per cent yesterday. Tata Steel and Cairn India were among the other losers in Nifty, down over 3 per cent each.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer gained over 5 per cent, which kick started the earning season today with better that estimated numbers for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2014-15 ( Read ). Infosys earnings turned positive for the entire IT sector. Investors were seen buying stocks in other IT companies as well. HCL Tech was up 2 per cent, while Tech Mahindra and Wipro were up around 1 per cent each.
Oil marketing companies like BPCL, HPCL and IOC all traded with over 1 per cent gains as the Brent crude fell below the $90 dollar a barrel mark for the first time in two years on concerns over weakening demand globally and oversupply from the US.
As of 9.32 a.m. Sensex was down 291 points at 26,346, while Nifty fell 1.14 per cent to 7,870. Out of the 50 companies in Nifty, 43 traded with losses while 7 shares were in green.
Asian markets traded with sharp cuts today. Japan's Nikkei traded 1 per cent lower. US markets sold off yesterday on lingering concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings. The S&P 500 index posted its largest percentage decline in six months (down 2.07 per cent). The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 1.97 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.02 per cent.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 11:07 (IST)

Wall Street Sells Off on Growth Concerns; Volatility Picks UpYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Sells Off on Growth Concerns; Volatility Picks Up
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
New York:
The S&P 500 posted its largest percentage decline in six months on Thursday on lingering concern about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings.
The selloff, which put the S&P 500 at its lowest since August 7, followed weak data from Germany, Europe's largest economy, and comments from a Fed official who suggested investors had unrealistic expectations about the Fed's eventual rate increase.
German exports in August showed their biggest drop since January 2009, which followed reports this week showing steep drops in industrial orders and output.
"Investors are focused on the uncertainty about the economy," said Michael Yoshikami, CEO and founder at Destination Wealth Management in Walnut Creek, California.
Adding to market jitters, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard said he was concerned by a disconnect between the market's view of the Fed's rate hike path and the central bank's own view.
"The markets are making a mistake," said Bullard, a non-voting member of the FOMC who is, however, seen by investors as a bellwether among Fed officials.
Expectations for a more dovish Fed had triggered a rally in stocks on Wednesday, but indexes wiped out all of those gains in Thursday's trading.
Market participants said the end of the Fed's third round of quantitative easing this month was also bearish as it takes away one of the pillars of the five-year bull market.
"QE3 ending is one positive catalyst taken away, a tailwind turning into a headwind," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
"Tighter policy is the path we're on and we should be," he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 334.97 points, or 1.97 per cent, to 16,659.25, the S&P 500 lost 40.68 points, or 2.07 per cent, to 1,928.21 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 90.26 points, or 2.02 per cent, to 4,378.34.
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks fell 29.13 points, or 2.66 per cent, to close at 1,067.99.
Energy shares were by far the weakest on the day, dropping 3.7 per cent in their biggest one-day decline since April 2013. US crude oil prices settled at their lowest since December 2012 and continued to fall in post-settlement trading.
The S&P 500 posted back-to-back intraday moves of more than 40 points for the first time in three years. The CBOE Volatility Index jumped more than 24 per cent to close at its highest level since early February.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Ventas Inc, which rose 1.3 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Gap Inc, down 12.5 per cent.
On the Nasdaq 100 the largest percentage gainer was Apple Inc, up just 0.2 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was VimpelCom Ltd, down 5.9 per cent.
Among the most active on the NYSE were Bank of America, down 3.10 per cent to $16.59; Petrobras, up 1.57 per cent to $16.77; and AMD, down 10.06 per cent to $2.95.
GT Advanced Technologies, up 17.3 per cent to $1.29, and Apple were among the most actively traded on the Nasdaq.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,726 to 364, for a 7.49-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,314 issues were falling and 387 advancing for a 5.98-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index showed 22 new 52-week highs and 19 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 24 new highs and 215 new lows.
Volume soared to more than 8.2 billion shares on US exchanges, above the average in the past five days of 7.27 billion, according to BATS Global Markets data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee falls in early tradeRupee down 30 paise at 61.35
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Snapping a four-day gaining spree, the rupee today fell by 30 paise to close at 61.35 against the dollar on fresh demand for the US currency from banks and importers due to firm dollar overseas and sharp fall in local equities.
The local currency rupee resumed lower at 61.15 against the dollar as against yesterday’s closing level of 61.05 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) and dropped further to 61.36 before concluding the day at 61.35, a loss of 30 paise or 0.49 per cent. It had gained by 70 paise, or 1.13 per cent, in the last four days.
It moved in a range of 61.11 and 61.36 per dollar during the day.
“Rupee traded weak today taking cues from strong dollar overseas and weak local equities. After depreciating for four continuous weeks, rupee posted its first weekly gain this week,” said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) continued pulling out from domestic markets and sold shares worth Rs 719.77 crore today.
In the New York , the US dollar traded higher against its major rivals yesterday trade after the eye-catching plunge in German exports raised fears of a recession in Europe’s largest economy.
Crude oil prices fell to a two-year low in the Asian trade as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand.
In Tokyo market, the dollar steadied against the euro and yen today, though lower U.S. yields capped its rebound after the Federal Reserve’s dovish undertones sapped the Greenback’s recent strength.
The BSE benchmark Sensex dropped sharply by 339.90 points 1.28 per cent to finish at 26,297.38.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys rallies as Q2 profit beats forecasts; 1:1 bonus issueInfosys rallies as Q2 profit beats forecasts; 1:1 bonus issue
Deepak Korgaonkar | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Infosys has rallied 5% to Rs 3,817 in otherwise weak market on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after the company reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
The country’s second largest IT firm in terms of market value had profit of Rs 2,886 crore in June 2014 quarter. Total consolidated revenues, grew 4.5% to Rs 13,342 crore in the September quarter, as against Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter, Infosys said in a statement.
Analysts, on an average, had expected profit of Rs 3,033 crore on revenues of Rs 13,315 crore for the quarter.
"We expect Infosys to maintain its 7-9% guidance for FY15. Commentary on any changes in the strategy of the company going forward, plans of capital allocation, discretionary spend, and measures to control attrition are key monitorables," analysts at Edelweiss Research had said in a recent note.
Meanwhile, the board has recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held. The board also declared interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share. The interim dividend declared in the previous year was Rs 20 per equity share, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 3,660 and touched high of Rs 3,834 on NSE. A combined 1.4 million shares changed hands on the counter in first 10 minutes of trade on NSE and BSE.

Infosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 3 096 croreInfosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 3,096 crore, earnings beat estimates
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 11:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys on Friday posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 3,096 crore for the quarter ended September 30 beating market expectations.
The Bangalore-based IT-services provider had reported a net profit of Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period, it said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The company's consolidated revenue was up 2.9 per cent to Rs 13,342 crore in the reporting quarter from Rs 12,965 crore in the year-ago period.
In the April-June quarter for the current fiscal, Infosys reported a net profit of Rs 2,886 crore and a revenue of Rs 12,770 crore.
Buoyed by a strong set of numbers, the IT services major has declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share as compared to Rs 20 in the previous year.
It has also recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue of a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held, respectively.
The better-than-expected set of numbers pushed the company's stock up 5.61 per cent to Rs 3,850.05 a piece in early trade on the BSE.
For the current fiscal, Infosys maintained its revenue guidance of 7-9 per cent growth.
In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4 per cent to US $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from US $383 million in the year-ago period.
In dollar terms, the company's revenues rose 6.5 per cent to US $2.2 billion in the July-September quarter of 2014-15 fiscal from US $2.07 billion in the same quarter of previous financial year.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," Infosys CEO and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said.
He added that the company's strategy is to apply the same principles to its own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate growth.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal said.
During the July-September quarter, the country's second-largest software services firm and its subsidiaries added 49 clients.
Infosys made a gross addition of 14,255 employees (net addition of 4,127) for the said quarter, taking its total headcount to 1,65,411 as of September 30, 2014.
The company's attrition level was higher at 20.1 per cent in the said quarter as compared to 19.5 per cent in the June quarter.

Infosys surges over 6% on strong Q2 PAT  bonus shares; top Sensex gainerInfosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft chief Satya Nadella faces criticism for saying women should not ask for raisesOct 10, 2014 at  10:16am IST
Microsoft chief Satya Nadella faces criticism for saying women should not ask for raises
19
0
Seattle: Microsoft's chief executive officer suggested on Thursday that women in technology should not ask for raises but have faith in the system, bringing a torrent of criticism and causing the executive to backtrack after the statement.
Satya Nadella, who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world at a three-day conference in Phoenix, Arizona, intended to celebrate women in computing.
ALSO SEE Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologises for comments on women
"It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along," Nadella said, according to a recording on the website of the event, Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. (Recording: bit.ly/1xpjBci)
Satya Nadella, who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world.
#microsofts  satya nadella #tech firms #facebook #sheryl sandberg
"Because that's good karma," Nadella continued. "It'll come back because somebody's going to know that's the kind of person that I want to trust."
Nadella's statement did not go down well with an audience well aware of recent research by the American Association of University Women that in 2014 women were paid 78 percent of what equally qualified men received, although there is some data to suggest the pay gap is less in the tech sector.
Microsoft, like many tech firms, is not a model of diversity. Only 29 per cent of its more than 100,000 employees are female, according to data recently released by the company.
"Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise," Nadella tweeted on Thursday afternoon, several hours after his remarks. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias."
Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg drew attention to the issue and championed a more assertive approach by women in her 2013 book "Lean In," writing that for women, negotiating is "like trying to cross a minefield backward in high heels."
The question was asked by Maria Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College and a member of Microsoft's board. She immediately challenged Nadella, saying his viewpoint was "one of the very few things that I disagree with you on," eliciting a few cheers from the audience.
The two went on to hug on stage, and the audience warmly applauded, but Twitter rounded on Nadella and his comments became fodder for jokes.
"I'll wait for Karma to lower my #xboxlive price too," tweeted Chuck Granade.
16

Blue Star drops plan to merge subsidiariesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Blue Star drops plan to merge subsidiaries
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Blue Star has informed the stock exchange that the scheme of amalgamation of the company and its subsidiaries, Blue Star Design & Engineering Ltd and Blue Star Electro Mechanical Ltd, was reviewed by its board of directors in the light of certain amendments to the Income-Tax Act in August, 2014 under the Finance Act, 2014.
The board felt that though rationale for the integration was good and justified, given the changes in the tax laws and regulations, the proposed scheme appeared inappropriate and decided not to pursue it further.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 beats estimates  net profit up 7.3% q-o-qInfosys Q2 net up 7% at Rs 3,096 crore, beats estimates
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Infosys, India’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, today cheered investors by posting a strong growth for July-September 2015 (Q2FY15), beating estimates on most fronts, as well as announcing a bonus share issue.
Additionally, in line with expectations, the company left its revenue growth guidance for FY15 unchanged at 7-9%.
The Bangalore-based company’s consolidated net profit for Q2FY15 grew 28.6% year-on-year to Rs 3,096 crore, while its consolidated revenue rose 2.9% to Rs 13,342 crore. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the net profit rose a whopping 7.3% and revenue increased 4.5%.
In dollar terms, net profit increased 6% sequentially, and revenue grew 3.1%. Most analysts had expected the company’s dollar-revenues to grow around 3%.
Earnings during the quarter were mainly aided by an uptick in demand environment, coupled with the company’s cost rationalisation measures. The company along with its subsidiaries added 49 clients during Q2 on a gross basis.
Reacting to the strong performance, Infosys’ shares were trading up 5.5% at Rs 3,845 at 9:45 am.
“Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results”, Infosys’ newly appointed Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said in a company statement. “Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
A big surprise also came on the margins front as the company posted 100 basis point sequential expansion in its operating profit margin for Q2FY15 at 26.1%. Most analysts had expected a 30-50 basis point margin expansion.
“We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band”, said Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer. “This is giving us increased confidence to make the investments required to meet our growth aspirations.”
To investors’ surprise, Infosys announced a one-for-one bonus share issue. Several analysts term this move as “Sikka’s gift for the Street”.
“The Board approved and recommended the issuance in order to increase the liquidity of its shares and to expand the retail shareholder base,” Infosys said in a statement.
Employee attrition at the company rose further to a record high of 20.1%, from 19.5% a quarter ago.
Infosys also said it has pledged Rs 254 crore for FY15 towards corporate social responsibility (CSR) through its philanthropic arm, Infosys foundation. The foundation is engaged in several programs aimed at alleviating hunger, promoting education, improving health, assisting rural development, supporting arts and helping the destitute.
Infosys Q2 Earnings Highlights
* Q2 Net profit up 7.3% QoQ, 28.6% YoY
* Q2 Revenue up 4.5% QoQ, 2.9% YoY
* Revenue growth guidance for FY15 retained at 7-9%
* Announces 1:1 bonus share issue
* Q2 Operating profit margin at 26.1%, up 100 bps
* Attrition at record-high of 20.1%
 

Sensex falls over 200 pts in early tradeMarket Update: Sensex slumps 340 points to log biggest fall in over two weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday fell nearly 340 points, its biggest fall in over two weeks, due to across-the-board losses in bluechips amid a global sell-off on economic growth concerns, although software firm Infosys surged 6.68 per cent on positive Q2 earnings .
Brokers said besides profit-booking by speculators, a lower closing on other Asian markets and a subdued opening of the European mkarkets on growing concerns about the global economy, after the IMF head warned that Euro-zone could slip into recession, influenced trading sentiments in the domestic market .
The 30-issue BSE Sensex, which had gained 390.49 points in Thursday's trade, fell by 339.90 points (or 1.28 per cent), to 26,297.38, with all the sectoral indices, except IT and Teck, ending in red with losses up to 4 per cent.
On similar lines, the 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty struggled to maintain the 7,900-mark and ended 100.60 points (or 1.26 per cent) down at 7,859.95 after dipping to 7,848.45 intra-day.
Brokers also said that a rally in Infosys on the back of good second quarter earnings, cushioned the fall in the BSE barometer.
Shares of IT major Infosys surged 6.68 per cent to close at 3,888.95 after the company posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every share held.
Of the 30 Sensex scrips, 23 shares ended with losses led by Tata Motors (down 5.3 per cent), Hindalco (4.79 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (4.60 per cent).
Sectorwise, the metal index suffered the most by losing 4.11 per cent, followed by auto index (2.78 per cent), FMCG index (2.56 per cent) and Banking index (1.80 per cent).
Bucking the trend, the IT index gained 2.29 per cent, while Teck index rose 1.17 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore on Thursday.

Leaders mostly silent on issue of skewed sexratioLeaders mostly silent on issue of skewed sex ratio
Written by Khushboo Sandhu | Chandigrah |       October 10, 2014 10:16 am
Comments
In the hectic campaigning in Haryana, the issue of female foeticide and skewed sex ratio in the state has been lost in the din.
While parties have proposed sops for women voters in their manifestos, in the election rhetoric most of the senior leaders have not touched upon these issues that have far-reaching consequences on the future of the state.
Haryana is among the worst five states in the country when it comes to sex ratio. As per the Census 2011, the sex ratio in Haryana was 877 women per 1,000 men. The worst district is Gurgaon, the symbol of Haryana’s development, where the sex ratio is 853 females per 1000 males.
During the campaign, a grouse of candidates has been that areas in north Haryana have not been developed and all projects have been set up by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Jhajjar and Rohtak. Little attention has been given to the fact that these two “pampered districts” have among the worst sex ratios. The ratio in Rohtak is 868:1000 and in Jhajjar, it is 861:1000.
The future also does not seem bright with the state’s sex ratio in the 0-6 age group being 830 females for 1,000 males.
When it comes to literacy, the rate for women stands at 66.8 per cent against 85.4 percent for men. Mewat fares the worst with just 37.6 per cent of its females being literate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the only leader who has spoken about these issues in his rallies across the state. Modi said that 125 out of every 1,000 young men were not getting married in the state because of the distorted sex ratio. He pointed out that of the 15 districts in the country which had the most skewed sex ratio, nine were in Haryana. He promised that girls would not be allowed to be killed in the womb.
These issues have not figured on the priority list of any other leaders.
For INLD, the most important election issue is the conviction of their supremo OP Chautala which, it claims, is the result of a conspiracy.
Congress leaders are criticising the BJP for its failure to name their candidate for chief minister, Modi for his failure to curb inflation, and the INLD for projecting a convict as its chief ministerial candidate.
Dr Santosh Dahiya, INLD nominee from Beri, blamed the Congress for not doing anything in the 10 years to prevent female foeticide. “These issues have not been given any importance. The law and order in the state is among the worst, which is one of the reasons that parents are killing their daughters before they are born,” she said.
Dr Krishna Pandit, former Parliamentary Secretary for Health in the Hooda government, claimed that they had taken many steps for empowerment of females. She said that schemes like shagun to provide financial assistance for the marriage of girls and free education for girls had been introduced.
Officials of the Health Department say there have only 24 convictions under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Technique Act in the last continued…

In defectors backyard  Renuka smiles and lashes out atSpeakerIn defector’s backyard, Renuka smiles and lashes out at Speaker
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Hansi |       October 10, 2014 10:12 am
Comments
Renuka Bishnoi, wife of HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi, performs hawan at her residence in Hansi. ( Express Photo)
Blissfully unaware of proceedings in the Punjab and Haryana High Court, it was business as usual at the office of Vinod Bhyana — among the five MLAs who defected from the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) — at Hansi on Thursday. All that would change, however, when celebrations broke out at the office of Renuka Bishnoi, the wife of HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi.
With both offices in the same neighbourhood, Bhyana’s workers soon learnt from the celebrations that the high court had disqualified their MLA. The court decision is set to have direct impact on this constituency where Bhyana is the Congress candidate and has been pitched against Renuka.
It should also assuage some of Bishnois’ worries as Bhyana was seriously making inroads into the non-Jat votes especially among the Punjabis, a community the latter belongs to.  Aware that it could have a negative impact, a sudden calm descended on the Bhyana office but Vinod’s brother, Mahender Bhyana, stepped in to assure the workers that there was no need to worry; the decision would be challenged, he pointed out. Among the five defectors, Bhyana and his family had faced the most flak as they hail from Bishnoi’s home district.
“There is no worry as there was nothing wrong. We will challenge the decision in the higher court,” Mahender told The Indian Express.
On whether he was justifying the defection, Mahender said, “It was the best possible decision. Had he not changed sides, the area would have been left high and dry.
There has been tremendous development here after he took over as Chief Parliamentary Secretary (CPS)”.
Among Bhyana’s workers at the party office on the busy Hansi-Hisar road, there were murmurs of the fallout.
“We are not sure about the repercussions of the decision. But this does not sound good. Our campaign is at its peak and this kind of information would certainly have an adverse impact,” said Surender, a party worker.
Renuka Bishnoi, who too was campaigning in the constituency, was immediately upbeat. She was performing a hawan when she got the news. “Our stand is vindicated. The court has proved it and now it is the turn of the people of the state to vindicate us. It may be late but we have finally got justice,” she said after her performing Havana at her new address in Hansi from where she is contesting against Bhyana.
She however lashed out at Speaker Kuldeep Sharma. “The Vidhan Sabha speaker completed his tenure while working as a Congress worker. He will rightly be punished by the people of the state,” Renuka said.
The Congress observer for Hisar, Naresh Kumar seemed skeptical in his response. “I have heard about the decision. We will study the judgment to decide our future course in the matter. As of now continued…

Separate SGPC leads to resurgence of Sikh identity in state  little pollvalueSeparate SGPC leads to resurgence of Sikh identity in state, little poll value
Written by Chitleen K Sethi | Neesingh (nilokheri) |       October 10, 2014 10:07 am
Comments
The creation of a separate SGPC by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government in Haryana in the face of vehement opposition by the SGPC and SAD in Punjab might have consumed the two states for almost a month, but the issue per se seems to have failed to move Sikh voters in the state.
At best, the matter has led to a resurgence of Sikh identity in the run-up to the Assembly polls, with Sikhs visibly participating in large numbers in rallies, standing out distinctly with their turbans which are still neither green (INLD), white (Congress) or saffron (BJP).
“The fact that Hooda put in so much effort to ensure that a separate SGPC is created and how it almost led to a war with Punjab with the Punjab chief minister also ready to give up his headship of state to retain SGPC supremacy has brought the Sikh voter into the limelight. We feel we are important,” said Kuldeep Singh, a young Sikh voter who runs a shop in Ambala.
Spread across at least 25 constituencies in varying numbers, the Sikh voter is undecided about who to throw its lot behind and the creation of the separate SGPC is not helping or damaging any one party overtly except in a few stray pockets.
While the INLD is using SAD in good measure to consolidate the Sikh vote in rural areas behind them, the BJP is assured that the Sikh voter in the urban areas is standing stoically with them, choosing development over anything else. The Congress is smug in the knowledge that it is they who met the long-standing demand of Sikhs in Haryana and the Sikh vote share is theirs.
“Congress might have met the demand but has not been able to cash in on their achievement. In Pehowa, Congress has fielded Mandeep Chatha, son of cabinet minister Harmohinder Singh who is behind the creation of the separate SGPC. But here also the Sikhs are divided between the Congress and INLD,” said Jatinder Singh, a daily wage farmer of Samanabad village who had come to attend an INLD rally.
The SAD, whom the INLD had put on the job to consolidate the Jat as also the Sikh votes in their favour, is also not talking about their opposition to a separate SGPC. “It is a Sikh institution and religious issue. We opposed the creation of the Haryana SGPC following certain principles. Our aim, unlike that of Hooda, was not to use it as a election issue,” said Darbara Singh Guru, former bureaucrat and SAD leader who is camping in Karnal for a month now. “The Congress is also silent about its so called achievement. In some villages of Assandh constituency, where HSGPC leaders have their villages, this is a talking point, otherwise it is not,” he added.
Barring reports from Dabwali where Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal was greeted with black flags by Congress Sikh supporters, the Congress seems not to be highlighting the HSGPC issue in other Sikh populated areas like Ratia, Rania, Ambala, continued…

North Korea praises Kim Jong Un but whereaboutsunclearIn this July 27, 2013 file photo, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un waves to war veterans during a mass military parade celebrating the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice in Pyongyang, North Korea. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: October 10, 2014 10:04 am
North Korea’s state media heaped praise Friday on leader Kim Jong Un to mark the 69th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers’ Party. But the reports gave no indication of whether Kim Jong Un attended customary celebrations, adding to speculation that something might be amiss with the authoritarian leader, who hasn’t been seen publicly in more than a month.
North Korea usually holds a midnight ceremony Friday to mark the anniversary, and Kim has been there the last two years. State media carried no report about either the midnight ceremony or Kim’s whereabouts Friday morning. Instead, a dispatch said that the might of the party “is growing stronger under the seasoned guidance of Marshal Kim Jong Un.”
Kim, who is thought to be 31, hasn’t been seen performing his customary public duties in state media since he attended a concert Sept. 3. He had been walking with a limp and was more overweight than usual in images that aired before that. An official documentary from late last month described him as dealing with “discomfort,” which led to international speculation that he may be ill.
North Korea strictly controls information about its government and elite, so much of what happens in Pyongyang’s inner circles is hidden from the eyes of outsiders and even many average North Koreans. This leaves media in South Korea and elsewhere to speculate, sometimes wildly, about what’s really going on. Some reports indicate that Kim could have gout, diabetes even, from a British news story, a cheese addiction, much of it based on that single line in the documentary and unidentified sources speaking to South Korean media.
South Korean officials are playing down the speculation.
In Seoul, Unification Ministry spokesman Lim Byeong Cheol told reporters Friday that Kim appears to still be in charge of key affairs. Lim noted that a high-level North Korean delegation conveyed a greetings message to South Korean President Park Geun-hye during their surprise visit to South Korea last week. Lim said Pyongyang’s state media has continuously reported about Kim’s leadership.
North Korea has said nothing publicly about Kim’s absence. But it is not the first time he has taken a break from the media spotlight,  Kim Jong Un wasn’t seen publicly for about three weeks in 2012, South Korean officials say and a senior North Korean official on last week’s visit to the South told a South Korean official that Kim was fine.
Without the extended absence, Kim not showing up Friday would not continued…

Mann dares Sidhu to get wife toresignMann dares Sidhu to get wife to resign
Written by Navjeevan Gopal | Amritsar |       October 10, 2014 10:04 am
Comments
AAP MP Bhagwant Mann today dared BJP star campaigner Navjot Sidhu to ensure that his wife Dr Navjot Kaur Sidhu, who is Chief Parliamentary Secretary in SAD-BJP government led by Parkash Singh Badal in Punjab, resigns after the Haryana polls are over. Mann, who was in Amritsar in connection with promotion of his film Police in Pollywood releasing Friday (October 10), while mentioning Sidhu’s outbursts against ruling SAD and Badals said that Sidhu should openly oppose the Badals.
Talking to reporters, Mann said Sidhu should say similar things (about SAD and Badals) in Punjab too. Mann said he appreciated Sidhu for his “backstabbing” remarks, but added that there was hardly any difference in case Sidhu spoke against Badals in Haryana and not in Punjab.
Sidhu had been missing from the Punjab scene ever since BJP had chosen to field Arun Jaitley from Amritsar instead of him.
Mann said Dr Navjot Kaur Sidhu can continue as MLA but should resign as CPS. He added that he was sure that Sidhu would openly oppose SAD and Badals in Punjab as well and make his wife resign. Mann also slammed Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal for “changing allies after every 200 km”.
He said he failed to understand Badals’ politics where he had an alliance with the BJP in Punjab and with INLD in Haryana. He added, “You go to Uttar Pradesh and he has Mulayam Singh Yadav as an ally, in Bihar Nitish Kumar and in Tamil Nadu Jayalalitha.

E-tail battle heats up: Amazon may acquire Jabong | Flipkart offers sops to pacify customersYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No sign of  missing  Kim Jong-Un on party an...Kim, believed to be 30 or 31, has not been seen since September 3 when he attended a music concert with his wife in Pyongyang.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: North Korea's ruling party celebrated its 69th anniversary Friday with no sign of leader Kim Jong-Un, whose unexplained absence for more than a month has fuelled rampant speculation about his physical and political health.
South Korea, which has largely distanced itself from the guessing game surrounding Kim's disappearance, said it believed Kim remained in full control of the country.
"There are continuous reports (in North Korea's state media) concerning the exercise of Kim Jong-Un's leadership," Seoul's Unification Ministry spokesman Lim Byeong-Chul told reporters.
"Judging from these, it seems that Kim Jong-Un is ruling normally," Lim said, adding that the government had no specific intelligence on Kim's health.
Although the North Korean ruling party's official newspaper the Rodong Sinmun published an editorial Friday extolling Kim's leadership, it mentioned no appearance by the man himself.
For the past two years, Kim has marked the anniversary with a midnight visit - along with other top leaders - to the mausoleum in Pyongyang that houses the bodies of his father Kim Jong-Il and grandfather Kim Il-Sung .
The North's official KCNA news agency usually reports the event early in the morning, but as of midday (0300 GMT) there was no mention of any visit by the agency or state television.
While he could make an appearance later in the day, a complete no-show will likely send an already whirring rumour mill into overdrive.
Kim, believed to be 30 or 31, has not been seen since September 3 when he attended a music concert with his wife in Pyongyang.
Competing theories for his disappearance range widely from an extended rest period to a leadership coup, via a long list of possible illnesses and ailments including broken ankles, gout and diabetes.
The explanation with the most currency is a health issue that has left him temporarily incapacitated.
Kim, a heavy smoker, has shown striking weight gain since coming to power following the death of his father in 2011, and recent TV footage had shown him walking with a pronounced limp.
"My own feeling is that there has been a health problem, but not a particularly serious one," said Chung Young-Chul , a professor of North Korean studies at Sogang University in Seoul.
"A no-show would certainly force us to consider the possibility that it's more serious than we thought," Chung said.
In a front-page editorial on Friday, the Rodong Sinmun described Kim as the symbol of the ruling party's "dignity and invincibility" and said his authority should be protected by all means necessary.
"The steel-like unity of the party, with the leader at the centre, is the source of invincible power," the party mouthpiece said.
What little light North Korea has deemed necessary to shed on the rumours surrounding Kim's absence has only added to the confusion.
State media alluded at one point to his "discomfort", but one member of a top-level North delegation that visited South Korea last week insisted Kim had no health problem at all.
"He certainly doesn't want to be seen while he is sick and looking weak," said Bruce Bennett , a senior defence analyst with the RAND corporation.
"Looking weak is not good for a North Korean leader who is trying to maintain control," Bennett said.
The uncertainty means that every move or comment by North Korea is now seen through the unreliable prism of what it might say about Kim's situation.
Some saw the surprise visit by the high-ranking delegation as a message that all was normal in Pyongyang.
Others saw the presence of Kim's de-facto number two in the delegation as possible evidence that the leader may have been sidelined or pushed out altogether.
It is by no means unprecedented for a North Korean leader to drop out of the public eye for a while.
But it is more noticeable with Kim, who has maintained a particularly pervasive media presence since coming to power after the death of his father Kim Jong-Il in 2011.

Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extends
By Reuters | 10 Oct, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude futures fell to $89 a barrel on Friday, close to a four-year low, as rising supply and more grim economic news stretched a months-long slump in oil prices.
US crude also slumped nearly $2 to hit its lowest since 2012, ratcheting up pressure on OPEC to slash output to rescue prices in the face of slow demand.
"It's panic mode. Panic and capitulation. We are now in uncharted territory, so anything could happen," said Carsten Fritsch, commodities analyst at Commerzbank, adding that without some action from OPEC, prices will "continue a freefall".
"Markets will now test OPEC's pain threshold."
Brent crude for November delivery was down $1 at $89.05 a barrel by 0757 GMT, after falling earlier to $88.11 - its lowest since December 2010.
Brent has fallen nearly 24 percent since hitting this year's high of $115.71 in June.
US November crude dropped $1.20 to $84.57 a barrel. The contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate (WTI), hit a session low of $83.59, its lowest since July 2012.
There was more dismal economic news from Germany early on Friday, as two sources in the ruling coalition said the government will cut its growth forecasts for 2014 and 2015 next week, compounding fears over Europe's largest economy sparked earlier in the week by data showing exports fell in August by the most since January 2009.
China, the world's second-largest oil consumer, is also seeing signs of a slowdown. Data due next week is forecast to show that softer domestic demand probably slowed growth in China's imports, investment and retail sales to multi-month or multi-year lows in September.
The weak data, and fears of slower oil consumption, came as geopolitical risks from the Middle East to Ukraine have failed to disrupt oil supplies, while output from key producers such as Libya has improved.
US crude inventories also soared far more than expected last week on higher imports and as refineries cut output.
The main reference price for OPEC crude oil exports fell to its lowest since 2010 on Thursday, tracking the slump in global oil benchmarks. Calls for members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to curb output are mounting, but core Gulf members such as Saudi Arabia have shown little inclination to take any action prior to the group's Nov. 27 meeting.
The relentless decline in oil prices prompted investment bank Barclays to slash its average fourth-quarter forecast for Brent to $93 a barrel from $106 previously. It also cut its estimate for WTI to $85 from $98.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

UPL s Q2 results on October 21  2014Oct 10, 2014, 10.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UPL's Q2 results on October 21, 2014
UPL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 21, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UPL's Q2 results on October 21, 2014
UPL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 21, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
UPL Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 21, 2014, inter alia, to consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results (Provisional) of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Source : BSE

James Hotels  director Daljit Singh Sidhu resignsOct 10, 2014, 10.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
James Hotels' director Daljit Singh Sidhu resigns
James Hotels Ltd has informed BSE about List of Directors as on October 01, 2014. Mr. Daljit Singh Sidhu resigned from Directorship on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
James Hotels' director Daljit Singh Sidhu resigns
James Hotels Ltd has informed BSE about List of Directors as on October 01, 2014. Mr. Daljit Singh Sidhu resigned from Directorship on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
James Hotels Ltd has informed BSE about List of Directors as on October 01, 2014. Mr. Daljit Singh Sidhu resigned from Directorship on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

NBCC: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 10.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NBCC: Updates on outcome of AGM
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NBCC: Updates on outcome of AGM
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
National Buildings Construction Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 54th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Infosys declares results; net profit at Rs 3096crInfosys declares results; net profit at Rs 3096cr
UPDATE 2-Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extendsUPDATE 2-Brent slumps below $89 to lowest since 2010 as rout extends
HK shares fall on weak global markets  protest worries; China weakerHK shares fall on weak global markets  protest worries; China weaker
Google to launch Nexus 6  Shamu  phablet this monthGoogle to launch Nexus 6  Shamu  phablet this month
Equity Mutual Funds advanced on back of Fed minutesEquity Mutual Funds advanced on back of Fed minutes
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy after Q2 ResultsInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy after Q2 Results
Apollo Tyres hits new highApollo Tyres hits new high
Maruti launches Ciaz at Rs 6.99 lakhSave this video
Copy URL
Maruti Suzuki India, country's largest car maker on Monday launched the Ciaz sedan between Rs 6.99 lakh and Rs 9.8 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). Maruti Ciaz will take on the likes of Honda City and Hyundai Verna.
71

Flipkart hosts biggest-ever saleSave this video
Copy URL
Flipkart has been advertising for its Big Billion Day sale from the past couple of weeks. There have been a number of deals running on the ecommerce portal since morning 8am across various categories with discounts as high as up to 80%. Snapdeal
387

Liberian Ebola patient dies in Texas; 5 US airports to screen for feverThis 2011 file photo provided by Wilmot Chayee shows Thomas Eric Duncan at a wedding in Ghana. Duncan became the first patient diagnosed in the U.S with Ebola. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Dallas | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:35 am
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States died on Wednesday, underscoring questions about the quality of care he received, and the government ordered five airports to start screening passengers from West Africa for fever.
Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan died in an isolation ward of a Dallas hospital, 11 days after being admitted on September 28.
The case has stirred attention and concern that someone with Ebola had been able to fly into the United States from Liberia, raising the specter more passengers could arrive and spread the disease outside of West Africa, where nearly 4,000 people have died in three impoverished countries.
The White House said extra screening for fever will be carried out for arriving passengers from West Africa. The screening will start at New York’s John F. Kennedy airport from the weekend, and later be used at Newark Liberty, Washington Dulles, Chicago O’Hare and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta.
Duncan’s death prompted questions about the timeliness of his care. The patient initially sought treatment two days before being admitted, but was sent home with antibiotics.
Hazardous material cleaners disinfectant their personal protective equipment after working in the apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan, the Ebola patient who traveled from Liberia to Dallas. (Source: AP)
“I trust a thorough examination will take place regarding all aspects of his care,” Duncan’s fiancée, Louise Troh, wrote in a statement. Troh, in quarantine, added, “I am now dealing with the sorrow and anger that his son was not able to see him before he died.”
Dr. Craig Smith, medical director for infectious disease at University Hospital in Augusta, Georgia said Ebola, like any disease, was easier to beat the sooner it was treated.
“I’m not surprised he unfortunately passed away,” Smith said. “I think two days would have made a big difference.”
Duncan had been in critical condition and on a ventilator and kidney dialysis at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital. He was given an experimental medication to try to keep him alive, starting Saturday, six days after being admitted.
But Ebola experts also asked why Duncan received the experimental drug brincidofovir, made by Chimerix Inc, which has not been tested on humans or animals, rather than Tekmira Pharmaceuticals drug TKM-Ebola, which has been tested on humans. TKM-Ebola was given to another US patient, Dr. Rick Sancra, who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia and was cured.
“We know Dr. Sacra was pretty damn sick when he began treatment,” said virologist Thomas Geisbert of the University of Texas Medical Branch, who has done pioneering work on Ebola treatments. It “potentially saved him.”
NO SYMPTOMS

Maruti and Hyundai recover; Mahindra strugglingPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
Rakesh Srivastava , senior vice president of sales and marketing at Hyundai India, is a relieved man these days. He's sold a lot more cars in the last six months: growth of 12.7% in July, 19.2% in August and 14.5% in September. Importantly, from his perspective of sustaining that momentum, the first-time car buyer is back. "An average growth of 5% is seen in the festive season," he says.
"This year, we anticipate 10%-15% due to a slew of new launches." Several auto companies have new models, and these are playing a key role in pulling prospective buyers into the showroom. For example, the second-generation Hyundai i20 has received 20,000 bookings, Honda Mobilio 19,000 and Tata Zest 10,000, according to company figures. Elsewhere, Hero MotoCorp, whose historical positioning has been motorcycles for the masses, has launched a premium range.
Along with the carrot of new models, companies are supporting their dealers, and throwing in incentives like exchange schemes, giveaways, and easy and quick financing. Hero MotoCorp is offering an exchange scheme, a first for a two-wheeler company. "Maruti is actively supporting us," says Sandeep Bafna , a dealer of Hero and Maruti in Mumbai.
He adds that even banks are enabling quicker financing with lesser paperwork. Consumers are biting. "(During the slowdown), the percentage of indecisive consumers was higher," says Sumit Gupta , director of Gen Next Motors , a Renault dealer in Mumbai. "Today, consumers are taking faster purchase decisions." Adds Ashok Khanna , senior executive vice-president and business head, vehicle loans, HDFC Bank: "We are doing more business." In India, if Maruti Suzuki grows, the industry grows, points out VG Ramakrishnan, MD at Frost & Sullivan, a consultancy.
Maruti has grown 19.9% in July, 29.3% in August and 9.8% in September. But BVR Subbu, former chief of Hyundai India and now an independent auto consultant, adds a rider to the wholesale numbers auto companies put. "Wholesale numbers are more building stocks at the dealer end," he says. "The day car companies give retail numbers, only then can a visible trend be seen." In four-wheelers, leaders Maruti and Hyundai are growing smartly. But it's not a secular trend. Below them, some like Mahindra, Toyota and Ford are still struggling to grow.
Growth is relatively more secular in two-wheelers. "Consumer sentiment is a confluence of events, including lower interest rates and managing the operating cost of a vehicle," says Mahantesh Sabarad, deputy head research at SBICAP Securities. "It (interest rates) has to come to lower levels for demand to jump." Auto companies have endured a brutal slowdown that spanned nearly 24 months — four-wheeler sales crawled 2% in 2012-13 and fell 6% in 2013-14. There are early signs of a change. Honda, Ford and Fiat (which also produces Tata cars) are hiring, adding new shifts to produce more, and placing more orders with suppliers.
For instance, two-wheeler maker Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI), which has been bucking the trend over the past few years, has re-engineered its facility to deliver 15% more output during the festive season. It's made a solid start to the festive season. YS Guleria, senior VP, sales and marketing, says HMSI doubled sales in Maharashtra during the 10-day period around Ganesh Chaturthi. "The monsoon has recovered, its impact has minimised and it will further boost rural buying," he adds.
"We expect the second half to be much better." According to Harish Lakshman of Rane TRW Steering Systems, a component maker, the auto sector is beginning a new growth cycle. "We expect capacity utilisation to touch 85%-90% next year, from 60% currently," says Lakshman, the company's managing director. "This year will see moderate growth. I'm sure 2015-16 and 2016-17 will be extremely good years."
YOU MAY ALSO BE INTERESTED IN
9 Oct 2014, 02:21
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Retail sector picks up but sales still inconsistentYou are here: Home > Collections > Consumer
Retail sector picks up but sales still inconsistent
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.43AM IST
(India’s oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has…)
The volume of personal requests for the first lot of Apple's newest iPhone coming the way of Ajit Joshi, CEO of retail chain Croma, heartens him: such technological innovations and upgrades bring in people into his stores. But the other implicit message in it makes him introspect: consumers are eager to buy mobiles and tablets, but not washing machines or refrigerators.
India's oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has a similar lament: the absence of a secular trend. "Consumer sentiment is very positive," says the CEO of Future Group. "But there is no consistency in buying yet. Onam did not result in a spike in sales in Kerala, but the beginning of Durga Puja led to a 20% spike in Kolkata."
On balance, as the festive season deepens, Biyani hopes the buoyancy in sales will increase and widen. Atul Ruia is already seeing it in his Phoenix Market City malls in Mumbai, a premium lifestyle shopping mall chain. Several of his malls are growing 30%-40% over the same month last year. "I am very optimistic about the next 12 months," says Ruia, the managing director, singling out super-premium and luxury brands.
It's not a narrative that Joshi shares. "So, while there is visible optimism about the new government, the concerns are what has changed for the common man?" he asks, rhetorically. What he is essentially saying is that things have not changed on the ground perceptibly for a critical mass of consumers. But they could. So suggests the various indices of ZyFin Research, a research and analytics firm, that measure consumer sentiment. In each of the months between April and July, its overall index of consumer sentiment rose solidly, before dipping marginally in August (See graphic).
A similar trend was seen in sub-indices that captured consumer plans to buy durables, houses and vehicles. The overall index is a forward-looking data point, which means an uptick today implies a rise in sales in the next six months. Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist and VP — research at ZYFin, draws attention to the August dip. "Although very early, this dip could be an early signal that the euphoria prompted by the formation of the new government is starting to weaken, with consumers sensing no major shift in economic conditions on the streets," he says.
Today, some shifts are playing out. Financing, via both credit cards and loans, has increased. In order to counter inflation, the Indian consumer is shopping strategically, by seeking better deals at the point of sale and by timing bigger purchases. "The indicators are positive," says the CEO of a leading entertainment company, on the condition of anonymity.
"But the change is not full-blown." A wide change has to managed, feels Chaudhuri of ZyFin, and any failure of the government to do so can have telling results. "It is crucial for confidence to be restored through effective expectations management, especially by the government," he says. "While economic recovery is a long-drawn process, and results cannot be expected overnight, low consumer confidence can overturn all positive measures taken so far."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US fiscal 2014 budget deficit falls to $486 billion  CBO saysUS fiscal 2014 budget deficit falls to $486 billion, CBO says
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 08.59PM IST
0
Share More
The resulting fiscal 2014 deficit was down about $195 billion from the $680 billion budget gap recorded in fiscal 2013.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US budget deficit fell by nearly a third during fiscal 2014 to $486 billion as federal revenues grew far faster than spending, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Releasing preliminary estimates of final budget data for the year ended Sept. 30, the CBO said that receipts grew nearly 9 per cent from the previous year to $3.013 trillion, while outlays were up 1.4 per cent to $3.499 trillion.
The resulting fiscal 2014 deficit was down about $195 billion from the $680 billion budget gap recorded in fiscal 2013.

Chambers of Commerce warns of  alarm bell  for UK s economic recoveryBritish Chambers of Commerce warns of 'alarm bell' for UK's economic recovery
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 10.51AM IST
0
Share More
The BCC's quarterly economic survey - the largest of its kind in Britain - showed that while domestic demand for services continued to grow at a near-record pace, the picture for other parts of the economy deteriorated sharply.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: The British Chambers of Commerce warned of a "first alarm bell" for Britain's rapid economic recovery after firms reported the weakest export growth in almost two years and a big slowdown in manufacturing.
The BCC's quarterly economic survey - the largest of its kind in Britain - showed that while domestic demand for services continued to grow at a near-record pace, the picture for other parts of the economy deteriorated sharply.
"The strong upsurge in manufacturing at the start of the year appears to have run its course. We may be hearing the first alarm bell for the UK," said BCC director-general John Longworth.
Global financial markets have grown jittery in recent days after the International Monetary Fund downgraded euro zone growth forecasts and Germany reported the biggest fall in industrial orders since the financial crisis.
Thursday's survey adds to signs that Britain's economy is facing increasing overseas headwinds as it tries to reduce its reliance on domestic consumer demand, and last month the Bank of England warned of the risks from the euro zone.
On Tuesday, weak industrial output data prompted the NIESR think tank to estimate that British gross domestic product growth fell to 0.7 percent in the third quarter from 0.9 percent in the second quarter.
Longworth said the BCC survey and sterling's recent strength boosted the case against an early interest rate rise by the BoE.
Most economists polled by Reuters expect the BoE to raise rates from their record-low 0.5 percent by the first three months of next year, but some see a chance that this may be put on hold if the outlook darkens.
The BCC said growth in goods exports as well as export orders for goods and services was its lowest since the fourth quarter of 2012. Services exports grew at the slowest rate since the third quarter of 2012.
Manufacturers' growth in domestic sales and orders slowed sharply from a record high in the second quarter to its lowest since the second quarter of 2013.
However, sales remained strong in the services sector and confidence stayed high across the board.
The BCC urged the government to make things easier for small businesses by freezing local property taxes paid by businesses and improving access to finance.
The BCC survey was conducted between Aug. 25 and Sept. 15, and based on responses from 7,241 firms.

Top 5 IT players likely to report robust growthTop 5 IT players likely to report robust growth in Q2
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.16AM IST
(A lack of sharp appreciation…)
Top IT stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after touching record intra-day levels a day earlier. Citi Research India, in a report, said it was toning down optimism over the sector's future performance, apart from downgrading Infosys ratings from buy to neutral, Tech Mahindra from neutral to sell, and Mindtree from buy to sell, a move which left investors wary of the sector. These stocks may exhibit greater volatility in coming weeks, depending on the quarterly performance of the companies.
However, despite the scepticism, top five IT players are expected to report robust sequential growth in revenue and net profit for the September 2014 quarter because of better demand traction in the US and a reviving European market for IT outsourcing. A lack of sharp appreciation in the rupee against major currencies compared with the quarter-ago levels, too, augurs well.
The sample of TCS, Infosys, Wipro and Tech Mahindra is expected to report a growth of 5.7% in sales and 3% in net profit sequentially. It's based on average of estimates reported by eight brokerages, including Barclays Research India, Citi Research India, Edelweiss Securities, Kotak Institutional Equities, Motilal Oswal Securities, MSFL, Anand Rathi Research and Religare Institutional Research, and internal estimates of the ET Intelligence Group.
Compare this with a lacklustre 0.1% growth in revenue and 1.9% drop in profit sequentially for the June 2014 quarter. TCS will stand out due to expected higher organic growth and the benefit from integration with Mitsubishi joint venture.
Historically, the demand scenario is upbeat during the September quarter for Indian IT outsourcing companies. This will benefit top players such as TCS and HCL Technologies, which have shown aggression in bagging large multi-year projects from the US and European clients.
Among the top five, TCS is expected to report the highest dollar-denominated revenue growth of 5-7% sequentially. Apart from growth in existing business, it also includes an increase of 2-2.5% due to integration of revenue from the joint venture with Mitsubishi. This will translate into 8% growth in revenue at Rs 23,847 crore, according to average estimates.
Other players in the top five are likely to report 4-4.5% revenue growth in rupee terms. Apart from revenue growth, TCS will also lead the pack on the net profit front with a likely 7% growth sequentially. Companies including Wipro and HCL Tech are likely to show deceleration in net profit due to the impact of increase in wages. Their operating margin is expected to drop by 30-40 basis points.
Investors will closely track the management commentary of Infosys for initial signs of recovery. It will be the first full quarter for the company under new CEO Vishal Sikka.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsofts India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs 96.85 croreYou are here: Home > Collections > Revenue
Microsoft’s India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs 96.85 crore
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 03.29AM IST
Tags:
MCIPL
(Microsoft Corporation…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft's revenue in India more than doubled last year, helped by users upgrading their Windows operating systems with bundled Office offerings, and the company sold products and licences worth Rs 1,973.94 crore in the country, according to a filing at the Registrar of Companies.
Microsoft Corporation India Private Limited (MCIPL), which markets and sells Microsoft products in India, said overall revenue in the country grew toRs 2,245 crore in 2013 from Rs 1,003.4 crore a year earlier. "Access across devices is important. That's where Office365 is very successful, essentially because it allows user access across devices.
Having said that, there was also a pent up increase because of rise in licence prices. When you combine that with an average 8-10% growth across multiple markets in the country, especially tier-4 and tier-5 towns, this was expected," said Sanchit Vir Gogia , chief executive, Greyhound Research. The company also said it changed its business model in India last year to include the sale of its retail products.
Set up in 1988, MCIPL marketed Microsoft products in India in return for a service fee, but since April 2013, the company also manufactures, replicates, markets and sells Microsoft software retail products and services in India. "The share of marketing support services has declined from 87% of revenue in the year ended March 2013 to 4% in the current year," the company said in the filing.
The company's software retail products include its packaged products, containing software such as Windows on CDs and DVDs, software volume licences and personal computer or XBox games. In July, Microsoft said its fourth-quarter revenue rose 17% to $23.38 billion, helped by sales from its acquisition of Nokia and its core Windows and Office products.
While the company has been aggressively pushing its cloud platform Azure in India, experts feel it is still a long way before it catches up to nimbler rival Amazon Web Services, which has had immense success bringing small and medium enterprises on board in the country. Microsoft also reported a profit after tax of Rs 96.85 crore and said its online search revenue in India grew 235% from last year. "On a small base, any growth is good," said Gogia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airtel  Idea set to report net gains in Q2; RelComm profit downAirtel, Idea set to report net gains in Q2; Reliance Communications' profit seen down
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 04.02AM IST
Tags:
Africa
(Morgan Stanley expects Bharti Airtel’s net…)
NEW DELHI: Analysts expect mobile operators Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular to report significant year-on-year jump in their net profits for the three months ended September, but see Reliance Communications' profits taking a hit.
Sequentially, all the three telcos are expected to report flattish voice revenues per minute (RPMs) with small declines in voice traffic in the second quarter, which is seasonally a weak quarter with no major festival or harvest season. Morgan Stanley expects wireless revenue of all three to fall 1% sequentially while consolidated revenue are expected to remain flattish, with marginal growth or declines in profit after tax (PAT) quarter on quarter.
Sector watchers expect margins to remain stable as telcos benefit from robust revenue growth from data and reduced competitive intensity, a big plus for the sector where pricing power has returned after several quarters of tariff wars. "Increased contribution of data is expected to mean that the impact of voiceled seasonality is not as pronounced as in the past two years," analysts at Kotak Institutional Equities said. Swiss brokerage Credit Suisse said blended RPMs — including voice and data — are likely to increase by 1% due to traction on the latter.
BHARTI AIRTEL
India's No. 1 carrier is expected to report 182%-194% on-year jump in second quarter net profit from Rs 512 crore a year earlier, fuelled by more stable African operations, reduced forex losses and deleveraging through reduction in debt and capex.
Morgan Stanley expects Bharti Airtel's net profit to rise 0.6% sequentially. The company had net debt of $9.6 billion as of June 2014, of which $4 billion was denominated in euros and Swiss francs. "The currencies have depreciated 8.4% and 7.6%, respectively, against the dollar. Mathematically, this could result in a translation gain of about Rs 8 billion," Morgan Stanley said in a note. The firm's revenue is expected to grow 2% over the April-June period, and by nearly 10% over last year's second quarter. EBITDA margin, however, could contract 75 basis points sequentially to 32.9%.
During the quarter, Bharti Airtel sold a 4.5% stake in tower unit Bharti Infratel for $350 million, or about Rs 2,146 crore, and in its ongoing divestment of telecom towers in Africa — over 3,100 telecom towers from Airtel to Helios Towers Africa in July and 3,500 towers to Eaton Towers Africa in six countries in August — will help the telco to improve the loss-making Africa business financials, say analysts.
But Credit Suisse warned that margins are likely to remain flattish as Bharti is spending on building its franchise in Africa.
IDEA CELLULAR
Idea's net profit for the second quarter is expected to rise between 44%-56% from Rs 447.6 crore a year earlier on the back of sustained operational momentum and sequential growth of wireless data. The company is expected to report a 2.4% sequential fall in its revenue for the second quarter compared to the April-June period, but on-year it may grow nearly 17%, according to Morgan Stanley. But EBITDA margins could contract by 99 basis points to 32.2%. "Profit after tax could fall 11.4% on quarter," it said.
RCOM
While Credit Suisse expects Reliance Communications' second-quarter net profit to slip to Rs 271 crore, from Rs 675 crore the year earlier, analysts at Kotak predict a 76% fall in net income to Rs 156 crore. RCOM's net profit in the previous quarter was Rs 131.6 crore. Morgan Stanley predicts revenue of Rs 5,530 crore, up 2.6% on a yearly basis, but flat on quarter.
Credit Suisse said the recent $1 billion equity placement will help the firm reduce its interest costs, but core business could continue to underperform peers. During July 2014, RCOM raised Rs 6,100 crore via a qualified institutional placement and warrants issue with 21% equity dilution . "We would look for future value drivers like potential future deals with RJIO (Reliance Jio Infocomm) and monetising real estate asset," Credit Suisse said.
Morgan Stanley expects RCOM to report traffic fall by 2 billion minutes sequentially with voice ARPMs remaining flat at 33.3 paisa during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Home buyers not fully convinced about real estateHome buyers not fully convinced about recovery in real estate sector
Sobia Khan, Ravi Teja Sharma & Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.49AM IST
(Also buying are people who…)
The tents are back on the streets of Noida. An army of property brokers that sells the dream and lure of real estate has dusted out their makeshift offices, fuelled by hopes of an economic recovery. They are in for a wait. "There is great expectation, but sales will happen only when uncertainty is completely over in the minds of home buyers," says Shishir Baijal, chairman and MD of Knight Frank India, a consultancy.
"That is still some time away." There is some buying. According to Pankaj Kapoor, managing director of property research firm Liases Foras, sales are happening mostly at the pre-launch stage — when prices are lower — of new projects. "When the project is officially launched, the response has been slow," he adds.
Also buying are people who want a house to live in and can afford finished properties, several at a healthy discount from investors desperate for an exit. Samarjit Singh, managing director of IndiaHomes, a real estate brokerage, sees a signal there. "When the market starts to revive, distress offers by investors and discounts by builders are the first to be absorbed," he adds.
In spite of muted prices over the last few quarters, house sales have been slow, ITfilled Bangalore being an exception. Even the significant mark down in prices of new projects over comparable existing ones — 31% over June prices in the National Capital Region, according to Liases Foras — has not lured them. This indicates a more fundamental issue: buyers' assessment of affordability. Many home buyers are not fully convinced about a recovery.
They are also seeking greater surety and prosperity on their job front — which will mostly come nearing March 2015 — before committing to a lifetime purchase. But there is a silver lining. Brokers and builders are seeing more inquiries in the last three months. "They are getting out of their houses now," says Sumit Joshi, director of Noida-based real estate brokerage Real Credit Consultancy.
Adds Lalit Kumar Jain, chairman of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India: "The market is waiting for a trigger." That trigger could be an interest rate cut, improved GDP numbers or stock market gains. "Many fence-sitters should take decisions immediately after any of these triggers."
This festive season has not been a time for new launches. Buyers are not too keen and companies have a pile of unsold inventory. According to Liases Foras, the combined unsold inventory as of June was 765 million sq ft, or equivalent to 760,000 two-bedroom apartments, which will take about 35 months to clear at the current pace of sales.
Builders, especially in areas where the pain is greater (Noida, Greater Noida, Gurgaon, Navi Mumbai and Thane), are offering schemes on existing projects. Vatika, for instance, is offering ready apartments in Gurgaon on a 20% down payment and the remaining after 18 months, with no EMI or rent in the interim.
Ashutosh Limaye, head of research at property advisory firm Jones Lang LaSalle India, expects sales this festive season to be at least 20% higher compared to the last two years. "It is likely on account of current price and inventory levels, and the general positive sentiment prevailing," he adds. If it persists, the tents could be in business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alcoas results light up HindalcoAlcoa’s results light up Hindalco
Meera Siva
Tweet
October 9, 2014:  
Shares of aluminium major Hindalco were up 5 per cent on Thursday, after a stellar performance from its global peer, Alcoa, during the September quarter.
During the latest quarter, Alcoa’s income increased six-fold year-on-year, on the back of improved prices and lower input costs. Average aluminium prices have increased to over $2,000 a tonne in the September quarter, from $1,700 in February 2014.
More importantly, the company reaffirmed its 7 per cent growth projection for global aluminium demand for 2014. Alcoa has also forecast a deficit in global aluminium of 0.67 million tonnes in 2014, which is good news for aluminium prices.
The other positive from Alcoa’s results is the 46 per cent year-on-year income growth in the rolled aluminium sheets division, thanks to the demand from auto makers. This augurs well for Hindalco’s US subsidiary Novelis, which is the world's largest producer of rolled aluminium products. Novelis contributes around two-third to Hindalco’s consolidated revenue and one third to the company’s profits. In the recent June quarter, Novelis reported higher shipments globally and 12 per cent year-on-year increase in sales to $2.7 billion.
Novelis is set to gain with higher demand in the automobile segment, as aluminium usage in cars is likely to increase. Vehicles with aluminium bodies are likely to constitute 18 per cent of all new cars by 2025, up from under 1 per cent, as per a forecast by Ducker Worldwide, a company that follows material usage trends. This is because car manufacturers are looking to reduce weight of vehicles, to meet the new emission standards and fuel economy thresholds.
Even as things are looking up for Novelis, Hindalco’s stock price is under pressure due to uncertainties in the Indian aluminium operations. The company’s coal blocks were de-allocated by the Supreme Court and its bauxite mines in Jharkhand were closed due to lease renewal delays.
Raw material and fuel issues weighed on the June quarter earnings, which dipped 30 percent year-on-year to Rs 327.5 crore. Also, the company has to pay a penalty of around Rs 500 crore, or nearly 25 per cent of its 2013-14 profits, for the coal mined in Talabira-I mine.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

IDFC Alternatives raises $900 mn under India Infra Fund IIIDFC Alternatives raises $900 mn under India Infra Fund II
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 12:43 AM IST
IDFC Alternatives Limited, multi-asset class management arm of IDFC Ltd, has announced final closing for it's about Rs 5,500 crore ($900 million) India Infrastructure Fund II.
This includes a commitment of $90 million from its parent IDFC Limited and remaining $810 million from third party Limited Partners ("LPs").
In addition to the above commitments to the fund, investors have also pledged significant additional capital towards co-investment opportunities. Investors in IIF II include global institutional investors from North America, Europe and the Middle East, the company said in a statement.
IIF II has attracted the high quality and marquee investors. IIF II has been subscribed during time when the difficult economic and financial conditions prevailed during the majority of our fund-raising period.
The many existing investors of first fund have re-upped commitments to the second fund. The new investors including global institutional investors for having placed faith in IDFC as their infrastructure fund manager of choice. They have also acknowledged India's potential as an attractive investment opportunity in the infrastructure space.
IIF II is the successor to IDFC Alternatives' debut infrastructure fund - India Infrastructure Fund ("IIF") - which closed in June 2009 with a fund size of $927 million from Indian and international institutional investors.
Aditya Aggarwal, Partner - Infrastructure who co-led the fund raise said IIF II will continue with a similar investment strategy of investing in core infrastructure assets in India covering both under construction and operational assets.

Singapore s Temasek to Buy Rs 500 Crore Stake in Devyani: ReportKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Temasek Holdings has agreed to invest Rs 500 crore ($82 million) to buy a stake in Devyani International, operator of KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee chains in India, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use Rs 100 crore to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank.
The rest would be a direct purchase in the restaurant chain operator, the sources added, declining to specify the percentage stake that Temasek would acquire.
"The deal is done and an announcement is likely very soon," one of the sources said.
Devyani International operates more than 300 outlets of restaurant and coffee chains including Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee in India and other southeast Asian countries, according to its website.
Temasek and ICICI Venture declined to comment, while Devyani International officials did not immediately return phone calls seeking comments.
Private equity funds have invested $4.6 billion in India so far this year, compared with $3.1 billion in 2013, Thomson Reuters data showed. Consumer-related investments contributed to a fifth of the total private equity inflows so far this year.
($1 = 61.0200 rupees)

Gross revenue of Indian telcos to reach $46-49 bn by 2020Oct 09, 2014, 07.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Gross revenue of Indian telcos to reach $46-49 bn by 2020'
Ericsson said the revenue mix of Indian operators is expected to evolve to include a higher contribution from data-driven 3G and 4G services.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Gross revenue of Indian telcos to reach $46-49 bn by 2020'
Ericsson said the revenue mix of Indian operators is expected to evolve to include a higher contribution from data-driven 3G and 4G services.
Post your opinion here
 
With increasing contribution from data, the overall revenue of Indian telecom operators is expected to reach USD 46-49 billion by 2020, Swedish equipment maker Ericsson said Thursday.
"The industry's overall gross revenues are expected to increase from USD 28 billion in 2013 to USD 46-49 billion in 2020," Ericsson said in its white paper, 'India 2020: Bringing the Networked Society to Life'.
The company said the revenue mix of Indian operators is expected to evolve to include a higher contribution from data-driven 3G and 4G services.
"Data revenues will represent an increasing proportion of the total, and are expected to rise from 10-12 percent in 2013 to 35-40 percent by 2020, driven by a growth in data
subscribers as well as usage per subscriber," it said.
Other revenue from SMS, traditional value added services and new services is expected to remain stable at USD 2 billion over 2013-2020, it added.
"Smartphone prices are expected to fall by 40-50 percent over the next three years. As a result, the number of subscribers able to afford smartphones and services are expected to reach over 700 million by 2020, up from 110 million in 2013," Ericsson said.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers is expected to grow from 70 million in 2013 to 600 million subscribers in 2020 with 20 percent of the mobile broadband subscriptions
expected to be 4G in 2020.
The white paper stated that to fulfil the government's vision for broadband-inspired growth, operators will need access to more spectrum from the government and will themselves need to build new network capabilities and new revenue models so that a viable, long-term strategy can be evolved.
"Heterogeneous networks with a mix of macro cell sites, small cells and Wi-Fi hotspots will be fundamental to manage coverage, capacity and quality of performance for users," the firm said.
Ericsson said the increasing number of subscribers, the growing affordability of smartphones and the government initiatives such as the National Optical Fiber Network (NOFN) will drive internet connectivity in India.
"Broadband has the potential to help bring about inclusive growth in India by extending education, healthcare and financial inclusion to rural areas and lower income groups," Ericsson India Head Chris Houghton said.
RELATED NEWS

Icahn urges Apple to lift share buybacksIcahn calls on Apple to step up share buybacks
By Robert Cookson in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9644cc64-4fb4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil prices have plunged through another psychological barrierOctober 9, 2014
This story has been updated with the Oct. 10 oil price in Asia.
Global oil prices today fell below $90 a barrel—good news for the global economy at a time of fears of a renewed contraction, but a risk for Saudi Arabia, whose unremitting war for market share is one reason for the plummet.
The price of the internationally traded Brent benchmark fell to $89.46 in after-hours trading, about 22% lower than its 2014 peak of $115.71 on June 19. [The plunge continued on Oct. 10, falling as low as $88.11 in Asia.]
US and European GDP could get a lift if oil prices stay this low for awhile, which is not far-fetched given projections of a continuing US oil production surge in 2015. Andrew Kenningham of Capital Economics tells Quartz that the $25-a-barrel drop, if it lasts through all of 2015, would boost US GDP by 0.5% as motorists apply the savings toward other kinds of consumer spending.
But analysts are split as to whether relatively low prices will persist. Some say OPEC will reduce its own production—perhaps as early as its next scheduled meeting, on Nov. 27 in Vienna—and thus undercut the US supply surge and send prices back up.
But others say we are in the midst of a price crash. Philip Verleger, an independent oil analyst in Colorado, says that crude oil prices have experienced a more than 30% drop 11 times since 1981, on each occasion because of sluggish global economic growth and increased production from a source outside OPEC. “The same elements are present today,” Verleger says.
Oil prices have averaged over $100 a barrel for three years running because of fears about global scarcity, but international energy agencies are forecasting another spike in US oil production next year, to 9.5 million barrels a day, which would be 11% higher than this year’s million-barrel-a day surge. The US no longer needs oil from West Africa; that supply has been diverted to Asia, where it’s collided with crudes from Saudi Arabia and Iran, both of which have cut prices to retain market share.
As of now, the global price plunge is hewing closely to levels the Saudis are said to want. The Saudis typically haven’t stated their policy in a straightforward way—instead, they say they are selling their oil for $1.05 lower than the average of two oil benchmarks—Oman and Dubai crudes. Doing the math, the average of November futures for the two grades was right at $90 today.
Phil Flynn of the Price Group says oil can go lower still. “Iran is lowering its oil prices after the Saudis did it, and Russia is raising production . If stock prices continue to fall, oil could crash to $85 Brent,” he tells Quartz. Prienga’s Steven Kopits said, “Supply is outpacing demand.  I think it’s likely to fall more before it corrects.”
The question is how low and how long. If such prices persist for years—and especially if they really crash—the Saudis will have to dip into their cash reserves, turning a bid for market share into an economic drain; and  Russia , already under pressure because of Western-led sanctions, would encounter trouble much faster. Saudi Arabia is said to need $92-a-barrel oil to meet its state budget. Russia’s requirements are greater—between $100 and $117 a barrel.
Share this:

Bernanke defends AIG bailout in courtBernanke defends AIG bailout in court
By Robin Harding and Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118f0ea6-4fd4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No pre-Diwali rally now; just global fireworksNo pre-Diwali rally now; just global fireworks
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 06.40AM IST
(Though the Sensex, since…)
Gone are the days when Dalal Street participants used to attribute any jump in the stock market in the run-up to Muhurat trading to a 'pre-Diwali rally'. As Indian markets increasingly sway to the vagaries of global events, events such as Diwali have more or less become a 'non-event' for most participants. So, when the market ran up on Thursday, few were willing to stick their necks out to term this as a rally before Diwali.
Though the Sensex, since 2009, has risen in the 10 trading sessions before Muhurat, returns have been minimal on most of these occasions. Interestingly, the market has fallen after Muhurat trading. This year, Muhurat trading is on October 23 when the market will remain open for one hour. While making a profit on the Muhurat trading day is considered auspicious, many old timers tried to make a quick buck in the run-up too. Though many veterans look back at that period with nostalgia, they agree that it is time to move on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex sheds more than 250 points  Infosys up 5%Sensex sheds more than 250 points  Infosys up 5%
Sensex plummets over 300 pts; IT sector rallies post Infy Q2 resultsSensex plummets over 350 points; IT sector rallies post Infosys Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
ICICI bank
(Infosys reported a 7.2 per…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 350 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in ICICI Bank , Reliance Industries , Tata Motors, L&T and State Bank of India .
The fall in the index was in line with other Asian markets which slipped after weak German export data fuelled fears of a deeper recession in Europe which could slow down the global economy.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also plunged near its crucial psychological support level of 7900, weighed down by losses in realty, capital goods, power and banking stocks.
Infosys reported a 7.2 per cent QoQ rise in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 to Rs 3096 crore which was above ET Now estimates of Rs 2864.40 crore.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer reported a net profit of Rs 2886 crore in the previous quarter. Reacting to the news the stock rallied nearly 4 per cent to touch its intraday high of Rs 3787.95.
Despite muted trend in markets, BSE IT index managed to rally over 2 per cent, led by gains in Infosys (up 5.2%), Wipro (up 0.8%) and TCS (up 0.3%).
At 03:09 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,283.39, down 353.89 points. The Nifty was at 7854.75, down 105 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.4 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 1.3 per cent.
Hindalco (down 3.1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 3 per cent), Tata Motors (down 2.8 per cent), HDFC (down 2.5 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (down 2.3 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Symantec to split into two companies focused on security  storageSymantec to split into two companies focused on security, storage
Reuters
Tweet
Oct 9:  
Norton antivirus software maker Symantec Corp will split into two publicly traded companies, one focused on security and the other storage and backup, potentially making itself more attractive to suitors.
The move by Symantec, which has fired two CEOs since 2012 as its stock and financial performance lagged many other software makers, follows a trend of companies splitting in an effort to boost their share prices. The deal also reverses its long troubled $13.5-billion acquisition a decade ago of storage software maker Veritas.
Slowing PC sales have hurt its security sales, while sluggish demand for its storage and data management software has diminished the value of Veritas, which was seen as a “cash cow” when it was purchased.
"Symantec has been a headache name for tech investors over the last decade," said FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives. "It's nice to see the board make a decision that strategically makes sense for the company and its investors."
The break-up, which was announced on Thursday, comes during a banner year for spinoffs. More than 60 are expected to be completed this year, the most since 2000, according to Spin-Off Research.
Among the recently announced spinoffs, Hewlett-Packard Co is separating its PC and printer unit from its corporate hardware and services operations. Online auction company eBay Inc is spinning off its electronics payment service PayPal.
A number of potential buyers, including Cisco Systems Inc and NetApp Inc, are likely to show interest in the two surviving Symantec businesses, Piper Jaffray analyst Andrew Nowinski said in a note.
"Post split, you have two companies, one focused more on cash flow and one focused more on revenue. So, put together, can it help revenue? I think it can, certainly, but you have to execute," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer with Solar Asset Management.
Symantec's revenue fell 3 per cent to $6.7 billion in its most-recent fiscal year as its storage business struggled. That unit's operating income dropped 19 per cent to $574 million as revenue fell 4 per cent to $2.5 billion, according to the company's 10-K annual report.
Historical figures for the new security division were not immediately available, though the company said it had revenue of $4.2 billion last year.
Michael Brown will continue as Symantec's CEO, while Thomas Seifert will be its chief financial officer. John Gannon will be general manager of the information management business prior to the spinoff, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2015, Symantec said.
Shares in the new business will be distributed tax-free to Symantec shareholders at a ratio that has yet to be determined.
J.P. Morgan acted as Symantec's adviser.
Symantec shares closed down 2.3 per cent at $23.44 on the Nasdaq on Thursday. They were quoted at $23.50 in extended trade.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Crude oil prices extend losses on demand fearsCrude oil prices extend losses on demand fears
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 10:  
Crude oil prices sank today to more than two-year lows as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand, analysts said.
In Asian trade, US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery tumbled $1.49 to $84.87, its weakest level since June 2012.
Brent crude fell $1.61 to $88.44, also the lowest level since June 2012.
The losses come as equities markets suffer another heavy sell-off.
Another round of negative eurozone data showed a 5.8 per cent slump in German exports in August, while leading think tanks also slashed their growth forecasts for the eurozone’s largest economy.
In the United States, a closely monitored report showed rising crude inventories, signalling weakening demand in the world’s top oil consuming nation.
Meanwhile, prices have also been dampened by ample global supplies owing to increased US shale gas production and a return to the market of Libyan oil following a prolonged disruption due to civil unrest.
“Oil tumbled on the back of relentless anxiety about oversupply and waning global demand, sending Brent and West Texas Intermediate hurtling to levels unseen since 2012,” Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said.
Adding to investors concerns, International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Thursday that there was a 35-40 per cent chance of the Euro Zone slipping back into recession if action is not taken to prevent it. The Fund this week cut its forecast for global growth in 2014 and 2015.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6 per cent at Rs 3 096 crore  beats forecastsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kesoram down as takeover news turns speculativeKesoram down as takeover news turns speculative
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 10:07 AM IST
Kesoram Industries declined around 2.5% on BSE after the company disowned the news about an imminent  take over of the company's tyre business by Kumar Mangalam Birla. Media reports had earlier stated that at a replacement price of around s 1500 crores, B K Birla's Birla Tyres, a part of Kesoram Industries will soon be taken over by the Kumar Managlam group.
Replying to BSE query in this regard the company's spokeperson said, "We must clearly and categorically state that Kesoram Industries Limited is not aware of any of the developments indicated in the news stream. This makes the contents of the news stream speculative."
BK Birla's company Kesoram Industries operates in four businesses including tyre, cement, rayon, heavy chemicals. Tyre business accounts for about 60% of its topline but the operational cost of the company is on the higher side which has impacted its performance.
The stocks opened at Rs 129 and hit a low of Rs 124 on BSE and around 180,000 shares have changed hands on BSE and NSE combined, so far

IndiGo adding capacity to counter new entrantsYou are here: Home > Collections > Aircraft
IndiGo adding capacity to counter competition from new comers like AirAsia India & Vistara
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
AirAsia India
NEW DELHI: IndiGo, India's largest carrier in terms of number of passengers flown, is adding capacity to counter the competition for new comers like AirAsia India and Vistara and retain its number one position in the domestic market.
The airline, which has added 15 aircraft since December 2012, is leasing 12 Airbus 320s from Tiger Air as the delivery of its 180 aircraft order begins in 2015-16.
"Tiger Airways Holdings group ("Tigerair" or the "Group") has reached an agreement with InterGlobe Aviation Limited ("IndiGo") relating to the subleasing of 12 of Tigerair's surplus aircraft by the Indian budget carrier. Most of these aircraft were previously operated by Tigerair Philippines and Tigerair Mandala, and had been returned to the Group upon its divestment of Tigerair Philippines in March 2014 and Tigerair Mandala's cessation of operations in July 2014," said a release from Tiger Air.
The release added that these 12 aircraft will be progressively delivered to IndiGo over a period of six months commencing October 2014. "Each aircraft will be subleased for between three and four years," said the release.
This is the first time that IndiGo is taking planes on sub lease from another airline
While IndiGo officials could not be contacted immediately, the airline operates a fleet of 81 Airbus 320s, which are part of its 100 aircraft order in 2005. The airline had also ordered followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011.
IndiGo follow the principle of sale and leaseback to induct aircraft and returns aircraft after every seven years that is before the mandatory servicing of the plane. It is believed that the airline has completed the deliveries of first 100 aircraft on order and the next batch of deliveries begins only in 2015-16.
The sub-lease of aircraft by IndiGo, which is a first by no frills carrier, is seen as an attempt by the airline to remain ahead of competition. Growing competition in domestic market with the revamp of Jet Airways and entry of two new domestic airlines -AirAsia India and Vistara - has led IndiGo to aggresively expansion by the airline. While AirAsia India is operating a fleet of 2 aircraft that it plans to increase it to six by the end of the current calendar year, Vistara is yet to commence operations.
Last month IndiGo signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd ( ICBC ) for financing of 30 Airbus planes valued $ 2.6 billion. The airline did not disclose when it will complete induction of the 30 planes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cairn India shares fall after HSBC cuts to "underweight"Cairn India shares fall after HSBC cuts to "underweight"
By Reuters | 10 Oct, 2014, 10.26AM IST
0
Share More
Shares in Cairn India Ltd fell 3.2 per cent after HSBC downgraded the stock to "underweight" from "neutral."  
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Shares in Cairn India Ltd fell 3.2 per cent after HSBC downgraded the stock to "underweight" from "neutral."
At 10:25 a.m, the stock was down 3.25 per cent and was trading at Rs 288.8 on the BSE, down Rs 9.70.
It said that the production from key oil field in Rajasthan will peak in fiscal year 2016. Taking into account other production forecasts, HSBC said Cairn's earnings may have already peaked in fiscal year 2014.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

DMK wary of leveraging Jayalalithaa convictionNEW DELHI, October 10, 2014
Updated: October 10, 2014 02:43 IST
DMK wary of leveraging Jayalalithaa conviction
Sruthisagar Yamunan
The Hindu DMK president M. Karunanidhi
TOPICS
state politics
DMK president M. Karunanidhi’s remark on Wednesday that AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa had given the Dravidian movement a new lease of life may mark the first attempt by the party to leverage her conviction in the disproportionate assets case.
However, with the 2G case gaining momentum in New Delhi, the party may be cautious in reacting to Ms. Jayalalithaa’s setback.
A senior functionary said an adverse verdict in the 2G case closer to the 2016 Assembly elections would make it difficult for the DMK to use Ms. Jayalalithaa’s conviction as a poll issue. Addressing district secretaries, Mr. Karunanidhi said Ms. Jayalalithaa had set out to destroy the movement which had nourished her. As everyone was wondering whether she could ever be stopped, she was convicted, giving an unintended fillip to the movement, he added.
No clear-cut strategy
The final arguments in the main 2G case, in which DMK president M. Karunanidhi’s daughter and MP, Kanimozhi, and former Telecom Minister A. Raja are accused, will begin in November. In the connected money-laundering case involving them, probed by the Enforcement Directorate, the framing of charges is set for this month.
A senior lawyer, on condition of anonymity, said the observations of the Karnataka High Court when it dismissed Ms. Jayalalithaa’s bail petition were crucial for the 2G-related cases as well.
Citing the Supreme Court, the High Court said cases of corruption against lawmakers were expected to be completed within a year of framing charges. Corruption would have to be viewed as human rights violations, the court said.
A former DMK legislator told The Hindu there was no clear-cut strategy on how to leverage Ms. Jayalalithaa’s conviction politically.
Little enthusiasm
“Even during the meeting on Wednesday, we could see that there was no clarity among the district secretaries,” the leader said, indicating that the 2G shadow was looming large over the party. Though it was decided to print the trial court judgment in Tamil and distribute it as a pamphlet, there was very little enthusiasm for this.
In fact, the leader said Mr. Karunanidhi chided one leader who said he was approaching the courts against the actions of the AIADMK men during their protests. “He [Karunanidhi] asked why he was not getting on to the ground to protest instead of filing cases,” the party functionary said.

Man held for sexually assaulting three schoolgirls aged 9 and 10Man held for sexually assaulting three schoolgirls aged 9 and 10
Indian companies concerned about cyber attacksIndian companies concerned about cyber attacks
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Oct 10:  
Companies in China, Hong Kong and India have reported the highest number of cyber attacks linked to nation-states, causing an estimated average financial loss of $2.7 million globally, according to a new survey.
PriceWaterhouseCoopers in ‘The Global State of Information Security Survey 2015’ has said the number of respondents who say they have been compromised by nation-states has increased by a huge 86 per cent.
The survey found a striking 64 per cent jump in security incidents attributed to competitors, some of whom may be backed by nation-states.
“Given the ability of nation-state adversaries to carry out attacks without detection, we believe the volume of compromises is very likely under-reported,” it said.
Nation-state driven cyber attacks are routinely conducted on a global scale to defend national sovereignty and project national power.
Nation-states often target critical infrastructure providers and supplies to steal IP and trade secrets as a means to advance their own political and economic advantages, the survey said.
Globally, the estimated average financial loss from cyber incidents was $2.7 million, a 34-per cent increase over 2013.
“It isn’t surprising, therefore, to find that nation-state incidents are most frequent among sectors such as oil and gas (11 per cent), aerospace and defence (9 per cent), technology (9 per cent) and telecommunications (8 per cent),” said PWC.
This year, 15 per cent of survey respondents cited organised crime as a source of incidents, up from 12 per cent last year.
By region, theft by organised criminals was particularly high in Malaysia (35 per cent), India (22 per cent) and Brazil (18 per cent).
Globally, 59 per cent of the respondents say their organisations’ executives are worried about government surveillance. Concerns are markedly higher in China (93 per cent), India (83 per cent) and Brazil (77 per cent).
Over 9,700 respondents said the number of cyber incidents detected increased at a compound annual rate of 66 per cent since 2009. As the frequency of cyber incidents have risen so too has the reported costs of managing and mitigating them.
The survey cited a recent study by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies estimating annual cost of cybercrime to the global economy in the range of USS375 billion and USD575 billion.
“Despite greater awareness of cyber security incidents, global information security budgets actually decreased 4 per cent compared with 2013,” said Vincent Loy, Cyber Risk Leader, at PwC Singapore.
“We know that it can cost much more to remediate cyber incidents than prevent them, so it seems counterintuitive that organisations would choose to invest less overall,” he said.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys founders request re-classification of statusInfosys founders request re-classification of status
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Infosys is in the process of seeking regulatory guidance on reclassifying the status of its founders Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S. Gopalakrishnan, SD Shibulal, and K Dinesh along with their immediate family members as promoters/promoter group of the company in stock exchange filings.
This follows the founders requesting the company to seek appropriate classification of their revised status with the last two founders, Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan remitting office on October 10, 2014 as Chairman and Vice Chairman (both non-executive) respectively.
In an exchange filing, Infosys said that the founders, after October 10, have neither association with the company nor exercise any control over its affairs.
To avoid any perceived conflict, Narayana Murthy indicated, it would not be appropriate for him to be the Chairman Emeritus of Infosys.
KV Kamath takes over as Chairman of Infosys effective October11, 2014.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Shinde daughter faces voters ire over watercrisisShinde daughter faces voters’ ire over water crisis
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Solapur |       October 10, 2014 11:06 am
Comments
MLA Praniti Shinde (inset) says things will be sorted out in her next term
Praniti Shinde, sitting MLA from Solapur City Central constituency, faces the same anger from the electorate that led her father and former Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to lose the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
The voters of the Assembly seat are fuming over lack of basic amenities like water and roads. While in most areas, drinking water comes once in four days for about a couple of hours, in others, there has been no supply for over a month. Even in the VVIP area Shindes live in, drinking water is available twice a week. And this, despite the fact that Solapur has three sources of water and an overflowing Ujjani dam.
Water crisis, however, is only one of the Solapur’s problems. The city with a population of 10 lakh, spanning across three Assembly seats — Solapur City Central, Solapur North and Solapur South — has shoddy roads, overflowing garbage bins and choked gutters. Compounding the problem is lack of job opportunities with most educated youths forced to migrate to Pune, Mumbai and elsewhere in search of livelihood.
Venkatesh Pagdial (32), a resident of Ashok Chowk, said, “Bahut bura haal hain humare Solapur mein…Water is available after every 4-5 days. I don’t know what our elected representatives are doing. I am going to vote for the one who promises to provide us water everyday.”
Pagdial further said Solapur has not seen any industrial growth in decades and educated youths have no jobs. “Our children are forced to stay thousands of miles away. Every family will tell you the same story,” he said.
Many voters feel Praniti did not push civic officials enough for bringing basic amenities to constituency.
Praniti is now conducting rallies in the area, one of which was held in Phalmari area on Wednesday afternoon. “I think I last saw her two-three years back. She rarely visits the area,” said Anuradha Sargam (50), a local resident.
Veteran CPM leader Narsaiyya Adam, who is contesting against Praniti, said: “The Shindes have ruled Solapur for years, but have failed to ensure even a daily bucket of water for residents,” he said.
Praniti, on her part, put up a brave face. “I have implemented projects worth Rs 1500 crore. I have also set up MPSC and UPSC centres for students besides ensuring 2.5 FSI for chawl residents,” she said.
Conceding that civic amenities were lacking, Praniti says,”In a year’s time, when the NTPC project is completed, Solapur’s water problems will be solved. We will try to give water daily or on alternate days,” she said, adding that she should not be blamed for lack of basic amenities. “It was the job of the civic body. I took up the issues several times with the civic commissioner.”
Praniti sounded confident of making it again. “No election is easy. We are hopeful voters who believed continued…

NCP appears weak in cash-rich sugar belt ofAhmednagarNCP appears weak in cash-rich sugar belt of Ahmednagar
Written by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Ahmednagar |       October 10, 2014 11:01 am
Comments
Everyone wants a slice of the pie in the new ruling dispensation in the state, and NCP leaders have shown no qualms about switching loyalties to the BJP in the hope that the party will emerge victorious riding on a ‘Modi wave’. Ahmednagar district is no exception and party hopping is rampant in this cash-rich sugar belt.
At Shrigonda, former tribal minister and senior NCP leader Babanrao Pachpute is contesting the election on a BJP ticket. From NCP, it’s Rahul Jagtap in the fray.
Neighbouring Kopergaon too faces a piquant situation as NCP leader Shankarrao Kolhe’s daughter-in-law Snehalata has joined the BJP and is contesting against Shiv Sena MLA Ashok Kale’s son Ashutosh. At Rahuri, when NCP leader and former rural development minister Jayant Patil’s brother-in-law Prasad Tanpure did not get the NCP ticket, the family fielded Patil’s sister and Prasad’s wife Usha as a Shiv Sena candidate. She faces sitting BJP MLA Shivajirao Kardile.
At Nevasa, Congress leader Balasaheb Murkute has got the BJP ticket and faces NCP’s sitting MLA Shankarrao Gadakh, while NCP’s Rajeev Rajale who lost the Lok Sabha elections this year to BJP’s Dilip Gandhi has now fielded his wife Monica on a BJP ticket from the Shevgaon-Pathardi constituency.
Reserved for a Scheduled Tribe candidate, the Akole constituency with 191 villages under it has former tribal affairs minister Madhukar Pichad of the NCP as its sitting MLA. Pichad has decided to let his son Vaibhav contest the seat. Vaibhav is facing challenge from Ashok Bhambre, who recently quit the Congress and joined the BJP. Bhambre is a well known tribal leader in the area whose family had been with the Congress for generations.
An iron grip over the cooperative sector in the region has had the Congress-NCP in control at Ahmednagar. Barring Shirdi and Sangamner where sitting Congress MLAs Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil and Balasaheb Thorat reign supreme, several of the remaining segments face a neck-and-neck fight.
According to political observer Girish Kulkarni from Ahmednagar, battle lines have clearly been drawn between Congress and NCP. “It is simply old wine in a new bottle. While hardly anyone is leaving the BJP, only time will tell whether there will be a huge swing in votes,” he said.

Microsoft CEO criticized for suggesting women not ask forraisesSatya Nadella, who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world at a three-day conference in Phoenix, Arizona, intended to celebrate women in computing.
Reuters | Seattle | Posted: October 10, 2014 11:00 am
Microsoft Corp’s chief executive officer suggested on Thursday that women in technology should not ask for raises but have faith in the “system”, bringing a torrent of criticism and causing the executive to backtrack after the statement.
Satya Nadella, who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world at a three-day conference in Phoenix, Arizona, intended to celebrate women in computing.
“It’s not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along,” Nadella said, according to a recording on the website of the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. (Recording: http://bit.ly/1xpjBci )
“Because that’s good karma,” Nadella continued. “It’ll come back because somebody’s going to know that’s the kind of person that I want to trust.”
Maria Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College and a member of Microsoft’s board, immediately challenged Nadella, saying his viewpoint was “one of the very few things that I disagree with you on,” eliciting a few cheers from the audience.
The two went on to hug on stage, and the audience warmly applauded, but Twitter rounded on Nadella and his comments became fodder for jokes.
“I’ll wait for Karma to lower my #xboxlive price too,” tweeted Chuck Granade.
Nadella later tried to patch up the damage.
“Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise,” he tweeted several hours after his remarks. “Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias.”
Nadella also admitted his error in a memo to Microsoft employees which was posted on the company’s website.
“I answered that question completely wrong,” said the memo. “I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it’s deserved, Maria’s advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
According to recent research by the American Association of University Women, last year women were paid 78 percent of what equally qualified men received, although there is some data to suggest the pay gap is less in the tech sector.
Only 29 percent of Microsoft’s more than 100,000 employees are female, according to data recently released by the company.

Amazon may acquire Jabong to counter Flipkart | Flipkart offers sops to customersYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five reasons why Infosys is a good long-term...Why long-term investors should stay invested in Infosys
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.28PM IST
(Contrary to the expectation…)
Infosys under its new leadership seems to be marching ahead in the right direction. A while ago, the company announced its September quarter financials, which were slightly better than the consensus of analysts' estimates. Moreover, it also issued bonus shares signalling the management's confidence in the future growth.
However, contrary to the expectation of some analysts, the company did not revise the full year dollar revenue growth guidance of 7-9%. But, that need not disappoint long-term investors.
Here's why it makes sense to stay invested in the stock if you believe in the long-term, value driven investing:
The bonus issue: Infosys has declared one bonus share for every existing share and 1:1 stock dividend for American Depository Shares. Technically, an issue of a bonus shares does not have any material impact on the shareholder since the share price will be adjusted once the process of allotment of bonus shares begins, i.e. after the record date. But, it does offer an insight into what the management is thinking of the future growth. This is because bonus shares increase the capital base of the company since a chunk of surplus profit in the balance sheet is converted into equity. A company that pays dividends regularly and has a responsible management will do this only when it is confident that it would be able to serve this larger capital base through dividends, and buybacks of shares in the future.
Sustained business momentum in the US and Europe: Growth in these two key markets sustained during the September quarter on a sequential basis. The US grew by 3.1% and Europe by 4.2%. While the growth in the financial services vertical continued to stay tepid at 1.2%, other verticals such as manufacturing and energies, utilities, communications and services was buoyant.
Attrition: Attrition touched a high of 20.1% during the September 2014 quarter compared with 19.5% a quarter ago and 17.3% a year ago. This is expected to decrease in the coming quarters considering the efforts of CEO Vishal Sikka to retain talent. According to recent media reports, the management had undertaken revision of senior management salaries. The company also gave promotions to 12,000 employees during the September quarter apart from giving 100% of variable pay to all employees.
Operating performance: Infosys has been posting subdued growth compared with what some of its bigger and smaller peers have been reporting and also lower than the industry average. This is expected to change albeit slowly. To begin with, the company has been able to keep the fall in its operating margin under check. In the September quarter, it reported a margin of 26.1%, a 100 basis points improvement over the previous quarter. The days for which sales was outstanding were 63, an improvement over 67 days a quarter ago.
Strong cash management: Infosys has over $4.5 billion (close to Rs 28,000 crore) of cash and equivalents. Its cash generation from operations has also remained strong over the years. With focus on growth, the new management is in the process of finding the right opportunities to deploy the cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five reasons why Infosys looks a good long-term bet | Stock surges over 6%Why long-term investors should stay invested in Infosys
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.28PM IST
(Contrary to the expectation…)
Infosys under its new leadership seems to be marching ahead in the right direction. A while ago, the company announced its September quarter financials, which were slightly better than the consensus of analysts' estimates. Moreover, it also issued bonus shares signalling the management's confidence in the future growth.
However, contrary to the expectation of some analysts, the company did not revise the full year dollar revenue growth guidance of 7-9%. But, that need not disappoint long-term investors.
Here's why it makes sense to stay invested in the stock if you believe in the long-term, value driven investing:
The bonus issue: Infosys has declared one bonus share for every existing share and 1:1 stock dividend for American Depository Shares. Technically, an issue of a bonus shares does not have any material impact on the shareholder since the share price will be adjusted once the process of allotment of bonus shares begins, i.e. after the record date. But, it does offer an insight into what the management is thinking of the future growth. This is because bonus shares increase the capital base of the company since a chunk of surplus profit in the balance sheet is converted into equity. A company that pays dividends regularly and has a responsible management will do this only when it is confident that it would be able to serve this larger capital base through dividends, and buybacks of shares in the future.
Sustained business momentum in the US and Europe: Growth in these two key markets sustained during the September quarter on a sequential basis. The US grew by 3.1% and Europe by 4.2%. While the growth in the financial services vertical continued to stay tepid at 1.2%, other verticals such as manufacturing and energies, utilities, communications and services was buoyant.
Attrition: Attrition touched a high of 20.1% during the September 2014 quarter compared with 19.5% a quarter ago and 17.3% a year ago. This is expected to decrease in the coming quarters considering the efforts of CEO Vishal Sikka to retain talent. According to recent media reports, the management had undertaken revision of senior management salaries. The company also gave promotions to 12,000 employees during the September quarter apart from giving 100% of variable pay to all employees.
Operating performance: Infosys has been posting subdued growth compared with what some of its bigger and smaller peers have been reporting and also lower than the industry average. This is expected to change albeit slowly. To begin with, the company has been able to keep the fall in its operating margin under check. In the September quarter, it reported a margin of 26.1%, a 100 basis points improvement over the previous quarter. The days for which sales was outstanding were 63, an improvement over 67 days a quarter ago.
Strong cash management: Infosys has over $4.5 billion (close to Rs 28,000 crore) of cash and equivalents. Its cash generation from operations has also remained strong over the years. With focus on growth, the new management is in the process of finding the right opportunities to deploy the cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Fall Sharply; Infosys Up 6 PercentYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; Infosys Up 5%
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 11:09 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The BSE Sensex and Nifty opened with sharp cuts on Friday tracking the selloff in global equity markets. The selloff came in across the sectors.
High beta shares like banks and realty fell the most. The Bank Nifty fell 1.3 per cent while the realty index was down 1.8 per cent. Public lender, Punjab National Bank fell 2.5 per cent while ICICI Bank was down 1.6 per cent.
Foreign investors continued to be net sellers of Indian equities despite positive sentiments yesterday. FII have sold stocks worth Rs 21 crore in cash market yesterday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 624 crore.
Among the Nifty companies Hindalco fell the most, down 3 per cent after gaining over 6 per cent yesterday. Tata Steel and Cairn India were among the other losers in Nifty, down over 3 per cent each.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer gained over 5 per cent, which kick started the earning season today with better that estimated numbers for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2014-15 ( Read ). Infosys earnings turned positive for the entire IT sector. Investors were seen buying stocks in other IT companies as well. HCL Tech was up 2 per cent, while Tech Mahindra and Wipro were up around 1 per cent each.
Oil marketing companies like BPCL, HPCL and IOC all traded with over 1 per cent gains as the Brent crude fell below the $90 dollar a barrel mark for the first time in two years on concerns over weakening demand globally and oversupply from the US.
As of 9.32 a.m. Sensex was down 291 points at 26,346, while Nifty fell 1.14 per cent to 7,870. Out of the 50 companies in Nifty, 43 traded with losses while 7 shares were in green.
Asian markets traded with sharp cuts today. Japan's Nikkei traded 1 per cent lower. US markets sold off yesterday on lingering concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings. The S&P 500 index posted its largest percentage decline in six months (down 2.07 per cent). The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 1.97 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.02 per cent.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 11:07 (IST)

Buy HPCL 520 Call  says VK SharmaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy HPCL 520 Call, says VK Sharma
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities is of the view that one can buy Hindustan Petroleum Corporation 520 Call.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) continues to be a good bet, I am buying the 520 Call at around Rs 12 but it quoted at Rs 15 yesterday, so I am buying at Rs 3 lower, stoploss at Rs 9 and hoping to sell it at Rs 20. At least this part of the market will help India in terms of getting better numbers both in fiscal as well as in trade terms."
At 10:50 hrs Hindustan Petroleum Corporation was quoting at Rs 517.40, up Rs 5.80, or 1.13 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 521.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Silver March contract trades lowerOct 10, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silver March contract trades lower
Silver prices on MCX were trading lower on Friday. MCX Silver March contract was trading at Rs 39051 down Rs 241, or 0.61 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silver March contract trades lower
Silver prices on MCX were trading lower on Friday. MCX Silver March contract was trading at Rs 39051 down Rs 241, or 0.61 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 10:50 hrs MCX SILVER December contract was trading at Rs 38400 down Rs 215, or 0.56 percent. The SILVER rate touched an intraday high of Rs 38429 and an intraday low of Rs 38329. So far 1472 contracts have been traded. SILVER prices have moved down Rs 12600, or 24.71 percent in the December series so far.
MCX SILVER March contract was trading at Rs 39051 down Rs 241, or 0.61 percent. The SILVER rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39104 and an intraday low of Rs 39051. So far 14 contracts have been traded. SILVER prices have moved down Rs 6926, or 15.06 percent in the March series so far.
RELATED NEWS

JSW Steel: Crude steel production at 3.30mn tons during Q2 2014-15Oct 10, 2014, 11.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JSW Steel: Crude steel production at 3.30mn tons during Q2 2014-15
JSW Steel reported quarterly crude steel production at 3.30 million tons for Q2 FY2014-15 showing a growth of 11 percent corresponding quarter of previous year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Steel: Crude steel production at 3.30mn tons during Q2 2014-15
JSW Steel reported quarterly crude steel production at 3.30 million tons for Q2 FY2014-15 showing a growth of 11 percent corresponding quarter of previous year.
Post your opinion here
 
JSW Steel Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated October 10, 2014, titled "Crude Steel production at 3.30 Million Tons during Q2 2014-15".  JSW Steel reported quarterly crude steel production at 3.30 million tons for Q2 FY2014-15 showing a growth of 11 percent corresponding quarter of previous year.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Investors needn t be euphoric after Infosys Q2 performanceInvestors needn t be euphoric after Infosys Q2 performance
Infosys shares rally 6% on upbeat Q2 earningsInfosys shares rally 6% on upbeat Q2 earnings
PSU OMCs firm up on lower crude oil pricesPSU OMCs firm up on lower crude oil prices
Apollo Tyres stock up 3%Apollo Tyres stock up 3%
Crude oil futures extend losses on weak Asian cuesCrude oil futures extend losses on weak Asian cues
Jindal Steel & Power stock down 4%Jindal Steel & Power stock down 4%
New Report Initiates Coverage on New Public Biopharmaceutical Company  Relmada Therapeutics  Inc.New Report Initiates Coverage on New Public Biopharmaceutical Company  Relmada Therapeutics  Inc.
Morocco Club World Cup not threatened by Ebola outbreakMorocco Club World Cup not threatened by Ebola outbreak
DDA proposes housing through private developers  studio apartments for senior citizensE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Infosys has raised the bar of expectations from the other IT companies: Dipen ShahInfosys has raised the bar of expectations from the other IT companies: Dipen Shah
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 10:51 AM IST
In conversation with Jinsy Mathew, Dipen Shah, senior vice president and head of private client group research, Kotak Securities shares his first take on the Infy numbers
What is your reaction to the Infosys numbers?
The initial reaction is positive, as revenue and margins in the recently concluded quarter were higher-than-expected. Also, Infosys has improved efficiency levels despite adding a higher number of employees, which we consider as a positive. The company has maintained its guidance and that was along expected lines.
FY15 dollar revenue guidance has been maintained between 7-9%, which is much below the revue guidance of the industry. How do you interpret this announcement?
Though the guidance is lower than industry, this is something which was already known as the company is in restructuring mode. We expect the growth rate to be relatively better going ahead. We will be looking forward to their strategic vision for the company.
Is the current set of numbers a margin expansion story or a demand improvement story?
It’s a mix of both. There is margin improvement but in the future going ahead we believe there should also be a revenue growth expansion which should help the company.
Has the result raised the bar of expectations from the other companies in this sector?
Yes, without a doubt. It’s a good start from Infosys and others will be expected to continue the good run.
If one were to extrapolate this performance, do you see the gap between Infosys and TCS coming down in the near future?
If the management is able to improve the growth rate in the next year then the gap is bound to reduce. We will have to wait and see how the growth story pans out for Infosys.
IT stocks have gained in today’s trade across the large and midcaps. Would you be a buyer in midcaps or large caps now?
We are stock specific. We like some of the large and mid – cap stories.

Microsofts Nadella under fire for pay commentsMicrosoft’s Nadella under fire for women pay comments
By Richard Waters in San Francisco and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a07a3bf8-503e-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flipkart has got mail: 16  open letters  to the e-commerce giant on Big Billion DayComments
Let's be honest, as Flipkart bombarded everyone with mails, app alerts, tweets, posts, etc. over the course of two weeks about the Big Billion Day sale, it got most of us excited.
Our immense love for discounts fuelled our excitement, mixed with this intrepid motivation to buy at least one product on crazy discounts that we'd flaunt for the rest of our lives. But what really happened at 8am on that fateful Monday morning left us looking like this:
(Source: http://en.academic.ru/ )
First shoppers took to social media platforms to point out how some of the 'discounted' items were actually at prices higher than those on rivals Amazon and Snapdeal. Then, Flipkart's overburdened servers, crashed within two hours of the sale. If that wasn't enough, most of the popular discounted items went out of stock in about an hour. Not everyone was as lucky as this guy:
But what happened next broke the internet. Flipkart started cancelling orders it had initially accepted to provide 'equal opportunities' to other buyers. Shoppers weren't angry anymore, they were emotional. And they took to Twitter and Facebook - some to express their anger and others to crack jokes.
We bring you some of these expressions of emotion - some funny, others snarky and some rare ones full of love:
Y U make troll of yourself Flipkart?
Saridon, saridon aur sarr dard se aaram!
Dear #Flipkart , How could you give awy Samsung tablet for just 1200? Is it Samsung tablet or Saridon tablet?
— *Esha* (@Esha_Espeaks) October 7, 2014
Every Sunday at 11am.
Dear #Flipkart , Satyamev jayate, TV pe vapas aa raha hai. Sunday subah 11 baje. Aap dekhna zaroor. #BigBillionDay
— Sir Ravindra Jadeja (@SirJadeja) October 6, 2014
YEHI TOU SCAM HAI!
— Ronak Korat (@ronakkorat) October 6, 2014
Good guy IRCTC.
Dear @Flipkart it was easy 2 book E Ticket on IRCTC than placing order on ur site. You could be more prepared. Now that item is outta stock
— Direct Dil Se.... (@Raj_200473) October 7, 2014
So, how many cigarettes does it take?
 
That Gangs of Wasseypur reference #Coolness
Dear @flipkart , we indians have seen so many farzi sales already by local shopwalas. #tumsenahopayega
— Sushant Sarma (@madmaxpaz) October 6, 2014
 
Time to put sale on sale?
Dear flipkart, kindly sell your billion day deal on OLX.
 
With love, your genuine consumer
Dear @Flipkart What time does #BigBillionDay end? I genuinely need to order something. Waiting for sale to end & get real prices back
— Soul in Exile (@SoulInExile) October 6, 2014
Breather for IIPM

Indias growth to pick up in 6-9 mths: OECDComments
India is showing strong signs of recovery amid weakness elsewhere in the world, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said in its growth outlook on Wednesday, a day after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank announced better growth prospects for India.
The World Bank had said India was benefiting from a “Narendra Modi dividend”.
India has rebounded swiftly after the global economic crisis, but is experiencing a slowdown in economic growth since 2012. But it is the only major economy where the OECD sees a pick-up in growth momentum in the next 6-9 months.
In the euro zone, signs are emerging of a loss of growth momentum in Germany showing a loss in momentum and Italy a weakening momentum; growth momentum is stable in France as well as the US, UK, Brazil, China and Russia elsewhere in the world.
According to OECD, “India needs to address its infrastructure shortfalls, pervasive state control in business activities, and unequal access to quality education” to maintain robust growth.
It also needs to reconsider “overly stringent labour regulations” which hinder job creation in the formal sector and leave workers with no formal labour contract and social security coverage.
OECD’s growth outlook is based on composite leading indicators (CLIs), which are calculated monthly and are designed to anticipate turning points in economic activity 6-9 months before they happen.
These are economic indicators whose ups and downs are similar to the business cycle of the economy and include market indicators, business confidence surveys and data on key industry sectors.

Govt plans to raise 5 000 cr from stake sale in ITC  L&T  Axis BankComments
The government is hoping to raise more than Rs. 5,000 crore this year through a specially launched exchange traded fund (ETF) to sell stakes in companies including shares in ITC, Larsen and Toubro (L&T) and Axis Bank among others.
An ETF is a security that tracks an index like an index fund but trades like a stock exchange. Constituent stocks are listed and actively trade and may have representation from various sector to provide the ETF unit holders adequate diversification.
The government will shortly initiate the process of stipulating the broad contours of the ETF, sources said.
ETFs were introduced in India in 2001. Gold ETFs dominate the ETF market in the country.
The government holds 11.27% in ITC, 8.18% in L&T and 11.66% in Axis Bank through SUUTI, an offshoot  of UTI.
Last month, the government had approved share-sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Ltd, NHPC and ONGC — that can potentially earn the exchequer Rs. 44,000 crore.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in budget for 2014-15, had set a target of Rs. 58, 425 crore to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies, including minority stakes in private companies such as ITC and Axis Bank.
Revenues from selling shares in state-owned and private companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money the government borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.

Kris Gopalakrishnan logs out of InfosysComments
The last of Infosys’ founders, Kris Gopalakrishnan, has stepped down from the company’s board, marking the end of an era for the 33-year-old company started by seven engineers, which has grown into an $8.24-billion software exporter.
The occasion brought most of the founders together. NR Narayana Murthy, founder-chairman, said Infosys epitomised his belief in compassionate capitalism.
“We came from similar background but we developed unique specialisations within the company and gave space to everyone else,” Gopalakrishnan said.
Infosys’ story has inspired many first-time tech entrepreneurs in the country, said Nandan Nilekani. “Infosys has set new standards for middle-class people to become entrepreneurs, and created meritocracy,” he said.
About a non-founder, Vishal Sikka, taking over as CEO, SD Shibulal said “It is transition from one set of professionals to another.” Sikka himself said that “It is a moving experience.”
KV Kamath, who will soon take over as chairman of the Infosys board, said, “This is a historic moment in Indian business, which we will not see in future.”
“We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs. 28.5 crore on listing in 1993 to Rs. 200,000 crore today, a return of 6,50,000% over 21 years,” said Murthy.

Gold price rises in futures trade on global cuesGold price rises in futures trade on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 12:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold prices rose 0.72 per cent to Rs 27,080 per 10 grams in futures trade on Thursday as speculators created fresh positions after the precious metal climbed to almost two-week high in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in February next year was up by Rs 194, or 0.72 per cent, to Rs 27,080 per 10 grams in a business turnover of six lots.
The metal for delivery in December moved up by Rs 187, or 0.70 per cent, to Rs 26,924 per 10 grams in a turnover of 836 lots.
Analysts said a firming trend in the precious metal overseas where it soared to two-week high as Federal Reserve expressed concern that the US economy may be at risk from a global slowdown, weakening the dollar and boosting haven demand, influenced gold prices at futures trade in New Delhi.
Meanwhile, gold rose by 0.40 per cent to $1,225.60 an ounce in Singapore, the highest since September 26.

India s tough posture on border has been in place since JuneNew Delhi’s hard line over border may cost Pakistan dear
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 03.19AM IST
Tags:
Army
(Through 2014, 13 Indians…)
NEW DELHI: India has changed its traditional rules of engagement in the face of Pakistani attacks across the border and has put in place a new aggressive template, top officials of the security establishment told ET even as the skirmish between two countries continued on Thursday.
"Pakistan cannot decide when to start shelling and when to talk. The coercive diplomacy over Kashmir will not work," said a top official, adding that the Pakistan army has now given India a chance to do what it wanted to do for a long time - target and destroy permanent defences that were aiding in infiltration.
There may be a covert strike
Addressing a political rally in Maharashtra, Prime Minister Narendra Modi echoed this sentiment. "The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated." The official said New Delhi was concerned that Pakistan could further escalate matters by resorting to a covert strike in Jammu & Kashmir or a major city.
"We are on guard... Pakistan is clearly rattled by events since the Modi government came to power," the official said. He added that the major step of cancelling foreign secretary-level talks by India after Pakistan decided to speak to separatist leaders in Delhi was the first event to contribute to rising unease in the neighbouring country. "Subsequently, the Indian Prime Minister and Chinese President shared a good rapport during the latter's recent visit.
Nawaz Sharif 's pitch for Kashmir at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) also attracted little international attention while India also had an excellent meeting with the US President., where the contours of a crackdown on anti-India terror outfits in Pakistan, including Dawood Ibrahim, were finalised," another official said. "All this is contributing to Pakistan being rattled and feeling isolated internationally.
Firing at the border is now an effort to test the new government's policy against Pakistan plus push in terrorists through infiltration." A senior home ministry official said the situation at the border may persist until Diwali, which falls on October 23, and said the Indian political establishment was taking a hard line against Pakistan, especially with vital assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana set to take place on October 15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan to pay "unaffordable" price for Kashmir firing: Arun JaitleyArun Jaitely
("If Pakistan persists with…)
NEW DELHI: Accusing Pakistan of carrying out 'unprovoked attacks', Defence minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said, "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable."
Jaitley said. "Our forces have been doing a commendable job in the face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan. Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible," Jaitley hit out.
Accusing Pakistan, Jaitley said, "There have been a series of ceasefire violations all unprovoked by Pakistan. These have mostly been on the international border and some have been at the line of control also. The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB. India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory."
"Our armed forces, particularly the army and the BSF in this case have only one option that is to respond adequately, defend our territory and our people," he added.
India and Pakistan traded heavy mortar and gun fire along the international border with Pakistani troops targeting 60 outposts and 90 villagers overnight in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts, leaving eight persons, including three BSF jawans, injured.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the defence forces were giving a "befitting" reply to the Pakistani onslaught and the country will not bow down before anyone.
"I want to assure the people that we will not let down our country," he said, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that "everything will be fine soon" on Pakistan border.
(With inputs from PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana s land acquisition policy under scannerYou are here: Home > Collections > Scanner
High Court puts Haryana's land acquisition policy under scanner
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
Haryana
(The bench, comprising Justice…)
CHANDIGARH: In an embarrassment for the Haryana government, the Punjab and Haryana High Court has put the state's land acquisition policy in several cases under the scanner.
The court has proposed to order independent probes in eight cases and asked the state government to explain why CBI or the Vigilance Department should be not be asked to investigate.
The court orders have come over the last three months. It is arguably the first time that the court has called for an independent probe in so many cases in such a short span of time. "The oustees have been prima facie taken for a ride by the HUDA," the bench has held in one case. "It appears that the joint allotment letters have been issued with an ulterior motive to defeat their legitimate claims so that due to lack of unanimity amongst the beneficiaries, no actual allotment is required to be made. It is for this reason that the policy in vogue at the time of land acquisition has been overlooked and after withholding the allotments for years, a new policy, as was in force at the time of such allotments, has been applied. All these aspects thus need to be probed."
The bench, comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Lisa Gill, has ordered a probe by the chief administrator of HUDA in consultation with the chief vigilance officer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jailed J Jayalalithaa vs bailed Om Prakash ChautalaJailed J Jayalalithaa vs bailed Om Prakash Chautala
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.14AM IST
(Haryana might look upon…)
What is the difference between J Jayalalithaa, erstwhile chief minister of Tamil Nadu, and Om Prakash Chautala of Haryana, that the former is in jail on charges of graft and the latter continues to campaign in his state? Chautala sought — and got —bail claiming that he was unwell. But after he emerged from hospital, he has been in fine fettle, campaigning across the state for elections that are due on October 15.
Meanwhile, Jayalalithaa languishes in jail. The charges are similar, so why the difference in sentencing? One explanation, trotted out by political pundits, is that institutional structures in Haryana, home of Chautala, are poorer than they are in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, where Jayalalithaa is being prosecuted. But this does not wash totally.
Sure, people in Haryana might look upon a graft prosecution more lightly than in Tamil Nadu, but that does not prove that institutional systems are weaker there than in any other Indian state. The difference in the fate of the two politicians, most probably, lies not in the stars but in the logic of caste and electoral politics. State polls are over in Tamil Nadu, but Haryana is going for elections on October 15.
There, politics are dominated by caste considerations, and both chief minister Hooda and Chautala have the same constituency to play up to beat the BJP. So, since it suits nobody in Haryana to upset the caste applecart, everyone, including Chautala, gets a free ride.
But this cannot continue. Whatever the election numbers, there has to be accountability, and if he is convicted through legal process, he has to be brought to book. Whatever is happening now can only be a temporary respite from the law and the administration, which has to carry on and do its job, despite the vagaries of electoral politics, and get the guilty punished.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KPCC urges Sonia to take  appropriate action  against TharoorKPCC leadership urges Sonia Gandhi to take 'appropriate action' against Shashi Tharoor
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 04.24AM IST
Tags:
AICC
(The Gandhi-led AICC is caught…)
NEW DELHI: The Kerala PCC leadership has asked the original mentor of Shashi Tharoor , party president Sonia Gandhi , to take "appropriate action" against him for his recent "pro-Modi stands," including acceptance of the PM's invitation to be a brand ambassador of the Swachh Bharat campaign.
Hours after the state Congress questioned his political loyalty, Tharoor tweeted mocking the PCC leadership.
The Gandhi-led AICC is caught between a state unit knowing for its assertiveness, and a party MP who seems to be daring the leadership to act against him. "Delighted to learn KPCC is preparing a 'detailed report'.
That means they might finally actually read what I wrote instead of oral summaries," was how Tharoor tweeted after the state PCC's move.
Maintaining that the leadership is still in the process of going through the PCC letter, an AICC functionary said normally in such situation the central leadership, through its (AK Antony-led) disciplinary committee, serves a show-cause notice to the colleague in the dock. PCC has left it to the high command to decide on the action as Tharoor is an AICC member and an MP.
The state Congress leaders have been asking Tharoor to either pull out of Swachh Bharat programme or be removed as AICC spokesperson and be placed under suspension.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Metro gets Rs 467-crore infrastructure boostDelhi Metro gets infrastructure boost worth Rs 467 crore
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to fillip the Phase III construction of the Delhi Metro , the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has invested Rs 467.12 crore in Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the projects.
The loan amount sanctioned by JICA was conveyed to DMRC by the Ministry of Urban Development.
"The amount has been released to DMRC for meeting the cost of MRTS Phase-3 projects," said an official of urban development ministry.
"The amount is placed at the disposal of DMRC to meet the expenditure under 'Pass through Assistance' against loan agreement for Delhi MRTS Phase III between JICA and President of India for an amount not exceeding Japanese Yen 1,27,917 million, as principle.
The interest payable by the Government of India is 1.4 per cent per annum on the principle disbursed and outstanding, which may vary from time to time," said the official.
He also said that a total amount of Rs 19,166.47 crore had been released earlier to DMRC by the ministry. "Since the loan from JICA is available only on reimbursement basis, DMRC is required to regularly file reimbursement claims in regard to the expenditure incurred for making payments to agencies," the official said.

Reliance Group to Invest Rs 60 000 Cr in MPYou are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Group to Invest Rs 60,000 Crore in Madhya Pradesh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:34 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Indore: Reliance Group will invest Rs 60,000 crore in its power, coal, cement and telecom businesses in Madhya Pradesh by 2020, its chairman Anil Ambani said on Thursday. Reliance Communications shares rose as much as 6.2 per cent during the day.
Speaking at the state government's mega investor conference here, he said Reliance Group has over the past 5 years invested in four key areas of coal, power, cement and telecom.
"The Group's total investment exceeds over Rs 30,000 crore in these 4 key areas in the state making Reliance Group by far the largest investor in the state," he said.
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" push, he said, "We are not only going to 'Make in India' but 'Make in Madhya Pradesh'."
"We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the state from current Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 60,000 crore by 2020 in our 4 key growth areas i.e. coal, power, cement and telecom.
"We commit ourselves to partner the state of Madhya Pradesh to become leading industrial state in the country," he said.
He also said that his group's current operations employ over 25,000 people in the state.
"We have an extensive social responsibility programme for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives."
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Mr Ambani said.
"Chouhan is a third-time CM and the youngest Chief Minister in India. My personal congratulations to you for your visionary leadership in creating a record in the regional assembly," he added.
As of 3:14 p.m., shares in Reliance Communications were trading at Rs 105.25 apiece on the BSE, up 5.41 per cent from the previous close.
 

We have responded with courage: PM ModiArun Jaitley
("Issues like ceasefire…)
NEW DELHI: In view of Pakistan's continuing ceasefire violations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said, "We have responded with courage to ceasefire violations."
"Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains," stressed PM Modi. On Wednesday, Modi had said, "everything will be fine soon" amid the government's assertion that India is giving a "massive" reply to the "totally unprovoked" shelling by Pakistan and will continue to do so unless the other side stops. "Everything will be fine soon," Modi had said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Earlier today, Defence minister Arun Jaitley accused Pakistan of carrying out 'unprovoked attacks. "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable," he said.
Jaitley said. "Our forces have been doing a commendable job in the face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan. Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible," Jaitley hit out.
Accusing Pakistan, Jaitley said, "There have been a series of ceasefire violations all unprovoked by Pakistan. These have mostly been on the international border and some have been at the line of control also. The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB. India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory."
"Our armed forces, particularly the army and the BSF in this case have only one option that is to respond adequately, defend our territory and our people," he added.
India and Pakistan traded heavy mortar and gun fire along the international border with Pakistani troops targeting 60 outposts and 90 villagers overnight in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts, leaving eight persons, including three BSF jawans, injured.
(With inputs from PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL to complete Rs 20 000 crore investment in MP by 2016investments
("We are in the midst of a major…)
INDORE: Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani today said his group will complete Rs 20,000 crore investment programme in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016.
"We are in the midst of a major investment programme in MP which ends in the next 18 months. We are investing cumulatively Rs 20,000 crore... We will then re-engage," he said while addressing the Global Investors' Summit here.
Ambani also indicated that his group will invest similar amounts across sectors like energy and retail, after the present round of investments are completed.
"Our major investment is in coal bed methane which is bringing in energy with technology. We are also investing in retail business," the RIL chief said, adding that the group provides employment opportunities to a large number of people in the state.
He said that "after a long time" India is on a resurgent path to growth.
"For me Reliance is more than business, it stands for a commitment to India. We are dedicated to making India and also MP one of the most prosperous and developed areas in the world," said Ambani, the country's richest man.
On building a world class digital infrastructure, he said that 75 per cent work was done and it would be available by middle of 2015.
About 65 million people (of total 75 million in MP) will be connected and MP can look forward to being the digital capital of India, he added.
"To my mind digitalisation creates more jobs," he said adding, "development and progress has be inclusive... it should pull together all sections of society".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Few Jobs in Make in IndiaFew Jobs in Make in India
By T K Arun , ET Bureau | 8 Oct, 2014, 04.33PM IST
Tweet
Make in India is a great political pitch. It cheers industry, gives hope to the unemployed that they would find decent jobs in new factories that will come up across the land. Sadly, the hope of large-scale job creation in manufacturing is delusion.
Make in India is a great political pitch. It cheers industry, gives hope to the unemployed that they would find decent jobs in new factories that will come up across the land. Sadly, the hope of large-scale job creation in manufacturing is delusion.
It is true that the countries we call developed made the transition from poor, agrarian economies to the rich, service-dominant economies of today via a phase of energetic industrialisation, which drew millions of farmhands into factories that belched out black smoke, siren blasts and myriad goods that heralded a brave new world of material convenience, prosperity and a virtuous cycle of new discoveries, inventions and technological progress.
Manufacturing is Good...
The last economy to see a similar transition was South Korea. Princeton economist Dani Rodrik says that South Korea saw its share of manufacturing employment grow from the single digits in 1950s to 28% by 1989. Since then, that share has fallen by 10 percentage points. Later industrialisers had a different experience.
The epitome of manufacturing, China, never saw its manufacturing employment top 15% of the workforce. Between 1995 and 2002, China lost 16 million jobs in manufacturing. The trend has continued.
Developed countries grew into services-dominant economies after they had become rich, $9,000-10,000 at 1990 levels, says Rodrik. However, today's developing countries have begun to deindustrialise at far lower levels of income.
The Boston Consulting Group finds the US to be the world's secondmost-competitive manufacturing economy. Its manufacturing output will race ahead, but without creating any of the jobs it had lost in that sector. Robots, automation and 3D printers are minimising human involvement. Thanks to global trade, Indian manufacturers will have to compete with the best and the cheapest the rest of the world has to offer, even for ashare of the domestic market.
...But Needs Fewer Workers
So, except for the kind of things that the poor buy at weekly markets at cut-rate prices, the choice for Indian producers is either to deploy the latest technologies and production techniques to stay competitive or to import their wares from China, as Indian mobile phone makers do. This will not create the millions of jobs in manufacturing that our policymakers hope will get created.
So, is Make-in-India a mistake? Not at all. A whole lot of service sector activity gets created only because of manufacturing. Advertising, sales, the logistics of transporting inputs and output for just-in-time delivery, design, testing, after-sales service — an entire gamut of services depend on manufacturing, besides the second-order demand generated by the income and wealth created by manufacturing.
But where a lot of these services are performed depends on competitiveness in these activities. Logistics for southeast Asia tends to skew towards Singapore, as does architecture and financial services.
So, if India launches Make-in-India but somehow turns non-competitiveness in services, India will create a handful of factory jobs and generate jobs for services powerhouses like Singapore or Hong Kong. So what do we do?
Given the nature of the technology-driven, geography-non-specific, globally-linked creation of value today, countries need to build competitiveness across the board. We need good quality education and healthcare, good financial intermediation, good infrastructure and good levels of social security, contract enforcement and functional governance.
If such an India gets enmeshed into seamless global trade, Indians will discover myriad areas of competitive advantage and profit from them, including some segments of manufacture. This means several things.
India needs to promote rule-based, non-discriminatory trading regimes, not vitiate trade agreements for scoring myopic brownie points at home. The failure to agree on trade facilitation at the World Trade Organization militates against the makein-India spirit.
Be Competitive All-Round
India needs to focus on quality education, and not just skill development. Skills are transient. A welder's valued skills will become redundant, if technology makes it possible to produce mass-customised moulded structurals. In the emerging economy, people will need to continuously learn, learn new skills, to meet the economy's changing requirements.
This cannot be done, if skill-imbibers do not have a good general education to begin with. Education that allows human beings to realise their potential as human beings is the basic requirement, for them to learn new skills and unlearn old ones.
Labour flexibility is essential. For that, we don't just need hire-and-fire rules: a social safety net must be put in place. For all these things to work, we need functional governance. That, in a democracy, rules out majoritarian exclusivism.
Make-in-India will work, subject to these qualifications.

Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 victim found with oxygen mask: Dutch MinisterNone of the other victims of the fatal crash that killed all 298 on board was wearing an oxygen mask. (Source: Reuters photo/file)
Agence-France Presse | The Hague | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:04 pm
One of the people on the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 shot down in Ukraine in July was found wearing an oxygen mask, the Dutch foreign minister and prosecutors said, raising the possibility that some passengers might have known their plane was doomed.
“You know that somebody was discovered wearing an oxygen mask and had time to put it on,” Foreign Minister Frans Timmermans told a talk show on national television late on Wednesday.
Dutch prosecutors confirmed on Thursday they were investigating after the oxygen mask was discovered draped around the person’s neck.
“How and when the mask ended up around the victim’s neck  is unknown,” the prosecutors stressed.
“The Dutch Forensics Institute examined the mask looking for fingerprints, saliva and DNA, but the probe has not revealed any result,” they said in a letter to victims’ families which was published online.
None of the other victims of the fatal crash that killed all 298 on board – 193 of them Dutch – was wearing an oxygen mask, they added.
The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 was shot down on July 17  while flying over insurgent-held territory in conflict-wracked eastern Ukraine.
The findings of an initial report by a Dutch-led team of air crash investigators appear to back up claims that the plane was hit by an anti-aircraft missile.
Kiev and the West have accused Moscow-backed separatists of shooting it down with a surface-to-air BUK missile supplied by Russia. Moscow denies the charge and has pointed the finger back at Kiev.
Forensics experts suspended their search for bodies due to clashes between Kiev and the pro-Russian rebels near the crash site northeast of Donetsk, but said they hoped to return once the fighting died down.
Timmermans, the new incoming vice-president of the European Commission, today said he regretted making the announcement before victims’ families had been informed by prosecutors.

Hong Kong protesters vow to fight on as talks collapseProtesters take a rest during a rally in the occupied areas at Central district in Hong Kong on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Agence-France Presse | Hong Kong | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:34 pm
Crunch talks between Hong Kong democracy protesters and the government were called off on Thursday just hours after demonstrators vowed to ratchet up their occupation of key parts of the city if their demands were not met.
The collapse of the talks, which were due to take place on Friday, plunges the vital financial hub into fresh crisis with protesters refusing to retreat from their barricades and an equally intransigent government rejecting further negotiations.
Parts of the southern Chinese city have been paralysed for more than a week by demonstrations calling for Beijing to grant the former British colony full democracy and for the city’s Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to resign.
Under plans unveiled by China in August, Hong Kongers will be able to vote for Leung’s successor in 2017, but only two to three vetted candidates will be allowed to stand.
Although protester numbers have dwindled in recent days, small groups still control multiple intersections across the city in what has become the most concerted challenge to Beijing’s rule since Hong Kong’s handover in 1997.
Hopes of a breakthrough were dashed Thursday evening as Leung’s deputy, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, announced the government was pulling out of talks with the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), one of the leading protest groups.
“The basis for constructive dialogue has been undermined. It’s impossible to have a constructive meeting tomorrow,” she said.
Protesters sit next to an umbrella installation on a main road in the occupied areas outside government headquarters in Hong Kong’s Admiralty on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Two and a half hours earlier a coalition of pro-democracy leaders had gathered at the main protest site and vowed to increase their civil disobedience campaign if the talks broke down.
“Hong Kong people will not retreat. And there’s no reason for anyone to ask us to retreat. Therefore the Occupy movement must be ongoing,” HKFS president Alex Chow told the crowd.
“Also the students will go into different Occupy areas,” to discuss potential future plans for further civil disobedience, he added.
Pro-democracy lawmakers also threw their weight behind the  protests Thursday saying they would use their powers to disrupt the workings of the Hong Kong government inside the city’s parliament by gridlocking the committees they currently control.
“Hong Kong has entered an era of disobedience and non-cooperation,” pro-democracy leader Alan Leong told crowds.
The threat was issued as the city’s embattled leader Leung came under pressure to explain why he kept large payments from an Australian company secret with pro-democracy lawmakers saying continued…

Jindal Steel to fully acquire JB FabinfraJindal Steel to fully acquire JB Fabinfra
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 21:03 IST
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd (JSPL) will acquire the remaining 51 per cent stake in its joint venture JB Fabinfra, from its existing shareholders for a little over Rs 1 crore.
JSPL currently holds 49 per cent stake in the JB Fabinfra Pvt Ltd (JBFAB). After the proposed acquisition, the entity would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the steel major.
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 9 has approved the acquisition of remaining 10,20,000 equity shares of Rs 10 each for an aggregate amount of Rs 1.02 crore only representing 51 equity stake in JBFAB from its existing shareholders," JSPL said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
JBFAB is engaged in the business of manufacturing of pre- fabricated structures out of light gauge steel for residential constructions.
" JSPL also has construction materials business vertical bringing all construction materials under one umbrella and acquiring JBFAB manufacturing business will strengthen the existing portfolio," the filing said.

GVK wins environmental permit for Australian coal minesOct 09, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
GVK wins environmental permit for Australian coal mines
The Land Court of Queensland in Australia had earlier granted conditional clearance to Alpha Coal Mine project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GVK wins environmental permit for Australian coal mines
The Land Court of Queensland in Australia had earlier granted conditional clearance to Alpha Coal Mine project.
Post your opinion here
 
Hyderabad-based GVK Group today said it has won environmental permit for its Alpha coal project in Australia to help it get closer to starting work on a long-delayed USD 10 billion mine, rail and port project.
GVK Hancock, a 79:21 joint venture between  GVK and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting, now needs to get coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings onboard and sign coal sales agreement to being work on the project.
"After over six years of comprehensive environmental assessments and detailed planning, GVK Hancock has been granted an Environmental Authority (Clearance) for its Alpha Coal Project in the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland," the company said in a statement.
GVK''s Alpha Coal Mine is located in the Galilee Basin with the first coal lot expected to be extracted by 2016. When fully commissioned, the mine will produce 32 million tonnes of thermal a year of low ash, low sulphur coal for export to the Asian market.
The Land Court of Queensland in Australia had earlier granted conditional clearance to Alpha Coal Mine project.
"This is one of the most significant milestones in the development of our Galilee Basin coal projects till date which will create one of the most remarkable pieces of regional and economic developments Queensland has seen for decades," GVK Reddy founder Chairman and Managing Director of GVK said.
The company said that it further plans to meet every environmental condition that has been set by regulatory authorities.
"This milestone takes us another step closer towards commencing our proposed Alpha mine, which will create around 4,000 jobs during its three year construction and more than 1,800 jobs over its 30 plus years of operation.
"We've invested tens of millions of dollars and thousands of man hours assessing, planning and engaging with communities to reach this stage," GVK Vice Chairman G V Sanjay Reddy said in the statement.
Stating it as a significant development, the company said that it takes GVK another step closer towards bringing on line a new low cost, low ash, low sulphur, high quality thermal coal basin, offering the ability to lower emissions from coal
fired power generation.
The volume and magnitude of GVK's Alpha coal project's large, shallow and very flat coal seams would enable large scale mining techniques, thus ensuring that the proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions, it said.
The combination of large scale mining techniques, favourable geology and other techniques deliver a free-on- board price that would ensure GVK Hancock's Alpha mine remains relatively immune to cyclical coal prices, it added.
Once the infrastructure joint venture with Australian Rail freight major Aurizon is finalised and the regulatory bodies have addressed litigious challenges to approvals, the company said it will execute coal off-take agreements before finalising all financing arrangements.
GVK Power stock price
On November 24, 2014, GVK Power & Infrastructure closed at Rs 11.30, down Rs 0.31, or 2.67 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 20.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 7.10.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 15.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.72.
RELATED NEWS

Draghi vows to fight eurozone deflationDraghi vows to fight eurozone deflation
By Robin Harding and Claire Jones in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b8dfada-4fbf-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hudhud to take  very severe  turn in next 12 hours: IMD76
0
New Delhi: Cyclonic storm Hudhud will turn take a "very severe" turn in the next 12 hours, bringing with itself very heavy rainfall and gusty winds as it inches closer to the coast, the MeT department has said.
In the evening, Hudhud was 675-km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam and 685-km southeast of Gopalpur, moving closer to the coast.
"The system would continue to move west-northwestwards and intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm during the next 12 hours. It would cross north Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of 12th (Oct.)," the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said in a bulletin.
Cyclonic storm Hudhud will turn take a "very severe" turn in the next 12 hours, bringing with itself very heavy rainfall and gusty winds.
#hudhud cyclone #odisha #imd #met department
The cyclone had been yesterday positioned at about 1100-km southeast of Gopalpur and 1150-km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam at around 11.30 AM.
The Andaman & Nicobar Islands were, meanwhile, put off a state of alert as "no adverse weather" is expected due to this system over the territory.
The MeT office has issued a heavy rainfall warning for the north Andhra Pradesh coast and south Odisha.
"Under the influence of the system, rainfall at most places, with heavy (6.5-12.4-cm) to very heavy falls (12.5- 24.4-cm) at a few places, and isolated extremely heavy falls (more than 24.5-cm), would occur over south Odisha from the evening of October 11 onwards.
"Rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places (likely) over Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra," the bulletin said.
According to the MeT department, squally winds reaching speeds of 50-60 kmph gusting to 70 kmph would commence along and off the north Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha coasts from the morning of October 11. Wind speeds would increase to 130-140 -kmph gusting to 150-kmph from October 12.
"Sea condition would be rough to very rough from the morning of October 11. It would gradually become phenomenal from 12th morning onwards," the MeT said.
It also warned that, under the influence of the system, there was a threat of "extensive damage to kutcha houses, partial disruption of power and communication lines, minor disruption of rail and road traffic".
The bulletin also cautioned against "flying debris and the flooding of escape routes".
413

Lehman settles $350m Canary Wharf claimLehman in $350m settlement with Canary Wharf Group over rent owed
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bfb6a94a-4fc9-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Foreign investments worth $100 billion lined up  it s up to you now: PM to statesForeign investments worth $100 billion lined up, it's up to you now: PM to states
ENS Economic Bureau | Indore | Published:  Oct 10 2014, 07:54  IST
Oct 10 2014, 07:54  IST
 

Sunanda case may be re-opened after fresh poison twist in forensic reportComments
The Delhi Police have been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following two fresh forensic reports that point to the presence of poison in her viscera and also say that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal.
The Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS have submitted their reports to the police with a request that the case be re-opened, highly placed police sources told HT on Thursday.
However, senior officers privy to the “informal communication” said both reports were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture” and that they were yet to take a call on their course of action.
Who's lying on Sunanda autopsy: AIIMS or doc?
The FSL wrote to the police first, around 20 days ago, the sources said. “The communication was mainly based on an analysis of Pushkar’s viscera,” said a senior police officer. “According to FSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning.”
Opinion of the medical board from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/HJkHI7pIzq
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
List of undetectable poisons from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/aUrhto2dnT
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
The FSL is also understood to have written to AIIMS, which then conducted its own examination of the viscera and forwarded a 12-page report to the police. AIIMS confirmed it had sent a report to the police but refused to go into details.
“The AIIMS report just reiterated the results forwarded to us by FSL. All it said was that Pushkar could not have died of an Alprax overdose,” said an officer, adding, “At the same time, both communications failed to specify the nature of poison that they claimed led to her death.”
Sunanda Pushkar's death: Tharoor demands speedy probe to end speculation
 
Pushkar, 52, was found dead in her suite at the Leela Palace hotel on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with a Pakistani journalist over the latter’s alleged affair with her husband, former Union minister Shashi Tharoor.
In July, Tharoor had sought a speedy inquiry for a “clear and definitive conclusion” to the death of his wife in the wake of reported claims by a senior forensic doctor at AIIMS that he was pressured to manipulate the autopsy report.
Medical board questions police investigation in 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/BSZueTwBDR

Investors to focus on global concerns over earnings: Dipan Mehta08:00 am
While reports earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output, German exports in August too fell the most since January 2009.
Investors in the US bypassed corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy. Dipan Mehta, Member of BSE and NSE feels Indian investors too are rattled by larger-scale concerns than earnings. However, if earnings are below street expectations, it may be an added negative element for the market.
According to Mehta, Infosys ’ quarterly result tends to drive the technology sector with peers following the trend.
Investors and traders have been slightly overweight on defensives since India-centric businesses such as infrastructure and capital goods related sectors have not delivered. Therefore, we are seeing trade towards export-oriented businesses, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Latha Venkatesh.
Furthermore, all the stocks that have performed well over the past 6-12 months are now in a vulnerable position as valuations are not cheap, stocks have gone ahead of the fundamentals and there has been a lack in marginal safety. Investors must be cautious and be prepared for a deeper correction, he adds.
RELATED NEWS

Women don t need to ask for raise  says Microsoft CEO Satya NadellaOutrage over Nadella's comments on women's pay
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 10, 2014
First Published: 10:02 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:46 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
At a time when women IT workers are being urged by their icons to pursue their careers aggressively, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella came up with absolutely the opposite advise!
They should not press their employers for a raise, earn their trust and wait for the system to take care of them, which it will, he said at a conference on women on Thursday.
The backlash started the moment he finished that sentence, and lasted all of Thursday, forcing Nadella to backtrack publicly on Twitter and in an internal mail to employees. “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias,” he tweeted.
He was “completely wrong”, Nadella said in his mail. “I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work …. (and)… If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
In an email exchange with Silicon Valley guru Vivek Wadhwa, Nadella admitted he “just gave a wrong and terrible answer to the question”. Wadhwa added, “He just blew it.”
The Hyderabad-born CEO, who was in India recently, couldn’t have chosen a more inopportune time to address the issue of gender inequality at workplace, specially in IT.
While Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has advised women to pursue their career goal aggressively in a 2013 book titled, “Lean in”, Towards the end of 2013, Twitter was forced to appoint its first female board member — Marjorie Scardino — after a public spat with its critics, including Wadhwa.

Fire at house of Nithari killings case co-accused Moninder Singh Pandher36
0
Noida: A fire broke out at the house of Nithari killings case co-accused Moninder Singh Pandher on Thursday evening, fire officials said.
Fire tenders were rushed to deal with the blaze at House No.D5 at Sector 31, the site of the grisly murders of children which had rocked the country in 2006.
Police said that sabotage could not be ruled out as a cause of the fire at the house which is at present unoccupied.
Police said that sabotage could not be ruled out as a cause of the fire at the house which is at present unoccupied.
The serial killings came to the light in December, 2006, after discovery of human remains from a drain behind Pandher's house. Both Pandher and his domestic help Surendra Koli were arrested in the matter.
Pandher was released in September on bail in the case by Allahabad High Court.
Koli, whose mercy petition was turned down by the President after he was convicted and sentenced to death for the killings, has received a stay on his execution from Supreme Court till October 29.
2

No early sign of  missing  Kim Jong-Un on key party date6
0
Seoul: North Korea's ruling party celebrated its 69th anniversary on Friday with no early sign that "missing" leader Kim Jong-Un might finally resurface after more than a month out of the public eye Kim's unexplained absence has fed a cycle of rumour and wild speculation that only a country as reclusive and impenetrable as North Korea could sustain.
Competing theories range widely from an extended rest period to a leadership coup, via a long list of possible illnesses and ailments including broken ankles, gout and diabetes.
Should he fail to put in any appearance today, the rumour mill is likely to shift up several gears. North Korea has more than its fair share of political anniversaries, but the Korean Workers' Party anniversary is one of the bigger ones, and Kim would be expected to show up.
"A no-show on Friday would certainly force us to consider the possibility that it's more serious than we thought," Chung said.
#north korea #kim jong un #69th anniversary #north korea leader
For the past two years, he has marked the occasion with a post-midnight visit -- along with other top leaders -- to the mausoleum in Pyongyang that houses the bodies of his father Kim Jong-Il and grandfather Kim Il-Sung.
The North's official KCNA news agency usually reports the event early in the morning, but as of 9:00 am (0001 GMT) there was no mention of any visit.
"My own feeling is that there has been a health problem, but not a particularly serious one," said Chung Young-Chul, a professor of North Korean studies at Sogang University in Seoul.
"A no-show on Friday would certainly force us to consider the possibility that it's more serious than we thought," Chung said.
What little light North Korea has deemed necessary to shed on the situation has only added to the confusion. State media alluded at one point to the leader's "discomfort", but one member of a top-level North delegation that visited South Korea last week insisted Kim had no health problem at all.
The uncertainty means that every move or comment by North Korea is now seen through the unreliable prism of what it might say about Kim's situation.
Some saw the surprise visit by the high-ranking delegation as a message that all was fine and normal in Pyongyang. Others saw the presence of Kim's de-facto number two in the delegation as further evidence that the leader may have been sidelined or pushed out altogether. It is by no means unprecedented for a North Korean leader to drop out of the public eye for a while.
0

Sensex plunges 335 points; Infosys rallies over 6%Sensex tumbles over 300 points as global growth worries spark sell-off
Agencies
Tweet
Oct 10:  
The Indian benchmark indices lost over 1 per cent on Friday due to sell-off in global equities on concerns about the global economy. The head of IMF warned that Euro Zone could slip into recession and this influenced investor sentiment.
The BSE Sensex fell 1.28 per cent or 339 points to 26,297 while the NSE Nifty lost 1.26 per cent or 100.60 points to 7,860.
A weak trend on other Asian markets following overnight sell-off in the US markets also triggered selling by participants.
The 30-share barometer had gained 390.49 points in the previous session.
Barring IT and TECK, all the sectoral indices finished in negative zone. Metal index (-4%) lost the most followed by Auto (-2.56%), Bankex (-1.78%) and Capital Goods (-1.46%).
Tata Motors (-4.77%), Hindalco (-4.66%), SSLT (-4.2%) and Tata Steel (-4.16%) were the top losers in the Sensex 30.
Infosys’ shares soared 6.5 per cent to Rs 3,884 after the company reported its consolidated net profit rose by 28.6 per cent to Rs 3,096 crore in July-September 2014 quarter.
Global markets
European shares dropped on Friday, extending their recent pull-back and tracking steep losses in equities worldwide on mounting worries over the pace of global growth.
At 0740 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.6 per cent at 1,305.99 points, hitting a level not seen since early August. The benchmark index has tumbled 7.5 per cent since mid-September.
The sell-off comes on the back of weak data from Germany, Europe's biggest economy. On Thursday, data showed German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and figures earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output.
European markets were tracking a sell-off in equities globally, which saw major US stock indexes slide 2 per cent on Thursday on worries about the global growth outlook.
Asian shares shuddered and Brent crude oil prices tumbled to their lowest since 2010 on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that Europe's economic woes could drag down the global economy.
Many investors fear that the gradually recovery US economy - the world's largest, but comprising less than a quarter of the entire global economy - cannot escape unscathed as Europe stalls and other big economies, including China, Japan and Brazil, face their own hardships.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a fourth straight day on Friday, hitting a two-month low on concern about the global economy, and falling crude oil prices hurt oil shares. The Nikkei share average ended 1.2 per cent down at 15,300.55, the lowest closing since August 13. For the week, the benchmark dropped 2.6 per cent. Japanese markets are closed on Monday for a national holiday.
Hong Kong shares tumbled nearly 2 per cent on Friday on weakness in global equity markets plus jitters over a possible flare-up in pro-democracy protests in the city.
The Hang Seng Index dropped 1.9 per cent to 23,088.54 points.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infy Q2 PAT at Rs 3 096 cr | Live updates | Attrition crosses 20%You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Whistleblower Ashok Khemka terms Robert Vadra deals as  10 years of lootAshok Khemka calls Robert Vadra deals 10 years of loot
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.52AM IST
Tags:
Ashok Khemka
CHANDIGARH: Ashok Khemka , who acted as the whistleblower in the Robert Vadra land deal case in Haryana, has said that a clean chit from the Election Commission (EC) stating that there is no poll code violation does not mean no financial wrongdoing has been committed in the transaction involving Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.
Talking to ET, the IAS officer said the EC has only maintained that there was no violation of the election code of conduct as the deal was done before September 12 when the code came into force after assembly polls for Haryana were announced.
"Ten years of loot can't be absolved just like that. EC has only said that there was no poll code violation. This is not a clean chit (for Vadra)," Khemka said. The land deal was cleared on July 16. Khemka underlined that corruption was an "intricate issue" and cannot be seen only as somebody giving money "off hand" for a deal and somebody else accepting it. The bureaucrat who has faced more than 44 transfers in his 23 year career, said the EC gave its judgement only on the basis of the facts presented to it by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government.
Earlier in the day, BJP had wondered if all the facts relating to the case were put by the Congress government in Haryana before the poll panel.
Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has raised questions on the role of the state government in the whole affair. Congress leader Salman Khurshid dismissed this allegation and said this is an attempt to "stonewall" the due process. "EC is nobody to say that there was no wrongdoing in the case," Khemka told ET.
He also accused the media of distorting facts relating to the case and focusing only on whether it was a poll code violation. "This is the height of ridiculousness by the media," the officer said. Meanwhile, INLD has also said the process followed in the land deal is "wrong and illegal".
"This is not an election code violation issue. I don't know how the prime minister went wrong on this. The process followed in the land deal is wrong and illegal" RS Chaudhary, senior leader of INLD told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Outlook on India upbeat; buy on dips: Envision Capital08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nilesh Shah MD & CEO, Envision Capital shared his reading and outlook on the market and the way ahead. Shah is positive on Indian equities and believes that Indian remains a strong buy.
The recent decline in commodity prices especially crude will be a huge advantage for India and will ease the pressure on its import bill. Also, the new government is taking steps to boost India’s macro-economic environment, hence the outlook for India will be positive for the next few years.
He recommends market participants to buy the market on dips. Any correction in good quality stocks should be seen as a buying opportunity, he added.
Meanwhile, he also spoke about IT giant  Infosys’ Q2FY15 earnings. Bangalore-based software services exporter surpassed street expectations with net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth. However, the company didn’t change its FY15 revenue guidance and maintained it at 7-9 percent.
According to Shah, the Q2 earnings are better than expectations but the stock would se a re-rating only after it raises its guidance.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Nilesh Shah’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar
Latha: Your thoughts on Infosys’ numbers?
A: I think these are good set of numbers. It looks like that numbers are ahead of expectations. The fact that they have beaten in terms of the revenue growth, 100 bps margin expansions at the operating level on quarter-on-quarter basis is fantastic. My sense is that this would definitely not been pricing led, this would definitely be led by better volume growth, better utilisation because we have to keep in mind that Infosys has been struggling with utilisation.
This improvement seems to be on the back of better utilisation levels given the fact the utilisations were very low. There is a lot of room to improve margins. I think it’s more a question of getting in more contracts, getting in more business and executing it well and getting your capacity to be utilised more optimally than what it has been over the last many quarters.
Latha: This is rendering a very good account for itself. Would the street read this as a great start by Vishal Sikka or is this follow-through or just an overflow of what the previous management had already done?
A: Surely this has to be an overflow of what the previous management had already done. The fact that when Mr Murthy came in, ensured that you need to have more business, you need to get back the focus on margins and there were a lot of investments, which were happening in sales and marketing and that impact you are now seeing, the positive impact. As I was mentioning earlier that there was always a leeway to improve margins because capacity utilisation was very low. So I think what you are seeing in terms of sheer numbers, I clearly believe that is an impact of what the previous management had already done.
However, the fact they have come in and announced the interim dividend, the fact that he has announced a bonus issue, I think there is a bit of a shade of optimism which is getting reflected in. It is a pretty strong start, rarely do you see a CEO coming and announce a bonus issue for the shareholders and that too for a company, which has got 2 lakh crore marketcap, this is not a small kind of a company.
Latha: It also helps to sidestep the expectations of buyback and things like that at the moment. The cash is still there.
A: I think one is that and two is that there are so many expectations about the new strategy and what that new strategy is and things of that kind but it is quite possible that the new strategy, which gets discussed, not announced but even discussed may not be something big bang at this stage. I still think it is early days and if you want to take away the focus of the market from that and to something more short-term thing which is more trigger driven then maybe it takes care of that as well. So I would say, it is a very smart move.
Reema: Since the Q2 performance has been quite good, do you think that the company’s overall FY15 dollar revenue growth will be closer to the upper end of the guidance or do you think that there is still possibility that they can beat the 9 percent growth guidance at the upper end based on Q2 performance?
A: I think very unlikely. You have still not seen a scenario where dollar revenues are growing at that 9-10 percent. That scenario is still not yet unfolding. It still seems to be a margin expansion story rather than an aggressive revenue growth, it still seems to be the case. So it is still very unlikely that they are going to basically beat that level of 9 percent on the revenue guidance, which they have given for the year as a whole.
Latha: The result and the bonus announcement have given it a 5 percent head start today but what therefore you will watch out, what should Vishal Sikka say to keep this 5 percent at least going?
A: It is tough to second guess what he is going to say.
Latha: What would you want to hear?
A: I think there needs to be a lot more clarity that is there going to be any kind of radical change in the way the company is operating in or is it going to be still business as usual for the next few quarters. I think it’s that whole product orientation which he brings to the table. How soon can shareholders or investors look forward to that strategy playing out? I think that is the most important part of it – one, second, how differentiated Infosys is going to be versus a lot of the other conventional IT vendors. If you look at it, some of the Indian IT companies which have done well over the last three-five years have had something very differentiated be it  HCL Technologies or  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in terms of their aggression in terms of business.
I think both brought something very different to the table and both companies saw huge rerating when there was a change of guard. I clearly believe that the market is going to look out for those nuances in terms of change in strategy that how Vishal Sikka is going to be different from his predecessor or his predecessors in a changed technology environment, in an environment where the US economy is changing and the technology space is evolving. I think those are some of the qualitative aspects which the street is going to look forward to. I do not think the street is going to tweak numbers saying that the rest of the year therefore is going to look different or not. I think the street is going to wait for continuation of the strong performance for another couple of quarters before the rerating process actually starts.
Latha: Would you remain a buyer or do you think this market could even go to 7,500?
A: India continues to be a strong buy. Thesis is not going to change at least for the next several years. Everything seems to be right now playing out the way you would want to play out, be it the commodity cycle crash, be it the growth that is becoming scarce in the rest of the world and the fact that you have a new government who comes in with a lot of positive intent and determination and yet scope to unveil lots of policies which could boost growth and revive growth.
We are at an important juncture and at a stage where the outlook for the next few years looks very positive. So, I think that this is essentially a buy on decline market rather than a market which warrants sell. If the headline indices were to correct by another 3-5 percent, you would see individual stock corrections of 10-15 percent which itself could create a buying opportunity for a medium-term investor.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty slips below 7 900; HDFC  ITC drop over 2%Nifty slips below 7,900; HDFC, ITC drop over 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 10:23 AM IST
Markets continued to trade weak weighed down by select index heavyweights even as Infosys helped offset some of the losses on the back of better-than-expected earnings.
At 10:20AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 233 points at 26,404 and the 50-share Nifty was down 70 points at 7,891.         
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 61.14 compared to previous close of Rs 61.04 tracking weakness in domestic stock markets.
Asian shares drooped and oil prices fell to two-year lows on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that a recession at the heart of Europe could slow down the global economy.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.2% while Hang Seng extended losses and was down 1.6%. Meanwhile, Shanghai Composite was down 0.4% and Straits Times was  trading nearly 1% lower.
Concerns about global economic growth hit oil prices hard, with Brent oil prices falling to $89.24 a barrel, its lowest level since mid-2012.
Except for the IT index all other sectoral indices were in the red with Metal index declining the most down 2.3% followed by FMCG, Capital Goods, Auto and Power indices among others.
Infosys has rallied 5% to Rs 3,817 in otherwise weak market on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after the company reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
The country’s second largest IT firm in terms of market value had profit of Rs 2,886 crore in June 2014 quarter. Total consolidated revenues, grew 4.5% to Rs 13,342 crore in the September quarter, as against Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter, Infosys said in a statement.
Analysts, on an average, had expected profit of Rs 3,033 crore on revenues of Rs 13,315 crore for the quarter.
Among other IT shares, HCL Technologies, Wipro, Hexaware Technologies, Tech Mahindra and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) were up 1-2%.
Among other shares, Kesoram Industries slipped 2.5% after the company disowned the news about an imminent take over of the company's tyre business by Kumar Mangalam Birla. Media reports had earlier stated that at a replacement price of around s 1500 crores, B K Birla's Birla Tyres, a part of Kesoram Industries will soon be taken over by the Kumar Managlam group.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were down nearly 1% each.
Market breadth continued to remain weak with 1,416 losers and 616 gainers.

Oil prices extend losses on demand fearsOil prices extend losses on demand fears
AFP/PTI | Singapore Oct 10, 2014 10:05 AM IST
Oil prices sank on Thursday to more than two-year lows as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand, analysts said.
 
In Asian trade US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery tumbled $1.49 to $84.87, its weakest level since June 2012.
 
Brent crude fell $1.61 to $88.44, its lowest level since June 2012.
 
The losses come as equities markets suffer another heavy sell-off.
 
Another round of negative eurozone data showed a 5.8% slump in German exports in August, while leading think tanks also slashed their growth forecasts for the eurozone's largest economy.
 
In the United States, a closely monitored report showed rising crude inventories, signalling weakening demand in the world's top oil consuming nation.
 
Meanwhile, prices have also been dampened by ample global supplies owing to increased US shale gas production and a return to the market of Libyan oil following a prolonged disruption due to civil unrest.
 
"Oil tumbled on the back of relentless anxiety about oversupply and waning global demand, sending Brent and West Texas Intermediate hurtling to levels unseen since 2012," Singapore's United Overseas Bank said.
 
Adding to investors concerns, International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Thursday that there was a 35-40% chance of the eurozone slipping back into recession if action is not taken to prevent it. The Fund this week cut its forecast for global growth in 2014 and 2015.

China overtakes US: That s only statistics!You are here: Home > Collections > Apple
China overtakes the US, that is only statistics
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 06.00AM IST
(Japan had remained at the…)
In purchasing power parity terms, China will this year become the world's largest economy and India, the thirdlargest, behind the US. Big deal? Yes and no. Of course, it is good to know that all the growth and dynamism Asian economies have shown in the second half of the 20th century and later have borne fruit and are pushing them up the charts in global rankings.
Japan had remained at the Number 2 slot for long, before giving way to China. But anything over and above a sense of quiet satisfaction can be quite ill-advised. To draw any inference on relative national power from the ranking derived from GDP would be to make a big mistake. In the globalised world, gross domestic product does a poor job of capturing the scale of operations of a nation's economic agents and the control they exercise over output across the world. Apple, for example, gets its manufacturing done in China, adding to China's GDP, but transfers its intellectual property income, the bulk of the value created by Apple, to assorted tax havens.
This income created by a quintessentially American company does not show up in US GDP (it can, if and when Apple decides to bring all its profits home). Apple is but one example of thousands of multinational companies who move production, jobs and incomes around the world. The bulk of these global companies would still go running to their home government, if they are bullied or their assets taken over in a foreign jurisdiction. Such governments, to which the bulk of multinationals demonstrate fealty in times of trouble, are still in the west, and the US remains number one, and decisively so.
The wealth these companies command, the technologies they embody, foster and control and the cumulative power they represent — these count in terms of national power, apart from the military prowess built on the basis of national economic strength. On these counts that matter, the US and its allies remain way ahead of China and India. It does no good to let talk of an Asian century go to our head — or to work up any alarm over it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologises for comments on womenOct 10, 2014 at  10:17am IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologises for comments on women
23
2
New York: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologised Thursday night and said he was wrong for saying that women don't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well.
Nadella was blasted on Twitter and in blog posts for his comments, which were made earlier Thursday at an event for women in computing. Tech companies hire many more men than women. And beyond the tech industry, women are typically paid less than men.
He had been asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise. His response: "It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along." Not asking for raise, he added, is "good karma" that would help a boss realise that the employee could be trusted and should have more responsibility.
Satya Nadella said he was wrong for saying that women don't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well.
#microsoft #satya nadella #gender discrimination
But his comments caused an uproar online, and Microsoft posted a memo from him on its website. In it, Nadella said he answered the question "completely wrong" and that he thinks "men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
His interviewer at the event, Maria Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College and a Microsoft director, had told him she disagreed, which drew cheers from the audience. She suggested women do their homework on salary information and first practice asking with people they trust.
Still, his comments at the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, underscored why many see technology companies as workplaces that are difficult to navigate or even unfriendly for women and minorities. Tech companies, particularly the engineering ranks, are overwhelmingly male, white and Asian.
Criticised for their lack of diversity, major companies say they are trying to address the problem with programs such as employee training sessions and by participating in initiatives meant to introduce girls to coding.
Twenty-nine percent of Microsoft's employees are women, according to figures the Redmond, Washington-based company released earlier this month. Its technical and engineering staff and its management are just 17 per cent female.
That's roughly comparable to diversity data released by other big tech companies this year.
"Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap," Nadella wrote in his memo to employees.
25

Telangana wildlife set for a boost  but funds are a constraintTelangana wildlife set for a boost, but funds are a constraint
G Naga Sridhar
Corridor map of Kawal Tiger Reserve in Adilabad district
Hyderabad, Oct 10:  
If plans of the Forest Department of Telangana go well, the people in the new State can hope to see good wildlife around.
The Department of Forests has drawn up mega plans to give a fillip to the forests which are now spread across one-fourth of total geographic area of the State.
"Our task on hand is to develop eight to 10 forest areas in and around the city of Hyderabad and to create new tiger corridors,’’ PK Sharma, Chief Wildlife Warden and Spl. Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Telangana, told Business Line here.
At present, there are 12 protected areas, including nine sanctuaries and three national parks besides two tiger reserves at Amarabad and Kawal in the State.
Now, plans are afoot to develop two tiger corridors between Pakhal Wildlife Sanctuary – Kinnerasani and Papikonda and extend the Kawal reserve to Tadoba Andheri Tiger reserve in Maharashtra and Indravathi Tiger Reserve, the official said.
Deer parks are also set to come up in Karimnagar, Kinnerasani, Pillalamarri and Shameerper. "More importantly, the Warangal Zoo is being expanded. At present, there are 50 acres and Government has just sanctioned another 40 acres for expansion,’’ Sharma said.
CHALLENGES
While plans are grandiose, challenges are aplenty. "We are struggling hard with inadequate funding which on an average amounts to less than one per cent of the total budget of the State. As one-fourth of the geographical area is under the administrative control of the Forest Department, there is an immediate need to enhance budgetary allocation for forests,’’ he said.
Inadequate staff is another concern. Including the recently recruited employees, the total headcount in the department is 5,000 and 35 to 45 per cent of the permitted staff strength generally lies vacant without recruitment.
"As of now each forest guard will have to protect 25 km of area. This is much lesser in the adjoining states. Each guard covers only five km and 8 km respectively in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. We need to ramp up number of employees,’’ he said.
Lack of permission to carry firearms for forest guards is also a problem.
There could be a case for the Government to act on the wildlife front as post bifurcation, Telangana appears to have lost the tiger population. Though officials are tight-lipped, it is learnt reliably that a recent survey conducted in state did not record any tiger-presence.
Tigers could only be saved if entire wildlife is saved as a single tiger would require 52 animals of a Sambar deer size per year to survive!
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Leela Samson quits Sangeet Natak AkademiLeela Samson quits Sangeet Natak Akademi
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Sangeet Natak Akademi chairperson Leela Samson has tendered her resignation from the post.
The Minister of State for Culture and Tourism, Shripad Yesso Naik, told PTI that she put in her papers on September 30 and her resignation has been accepted.
“We received her resignation on September 30 and it has been accepted by the Ministry,” Naik said.
However, he did not disclose the reason for Samson taking the step.
Samson, 62, who is also the Censor Board chairperson, was not available for comment.
The government had appointed Samson, an eminent Bharatnatyam dancer, as the chairperson of the Akademi in August 2010 for a period of five years.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 300 points | Infosys surges 6%; IT counters on a rollSensex plummets over 350 points; IT sector rallies post Infosys Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
ICICI bank
(Infosys reported a 7.2 per…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 350 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in ICICI Bank , Reliance Industries , Tata Motors, L&T and State Bank of India .
The fall in the index was in line with other Asian markets which slipped after weak German export data fuelled fears of a deeper recession in Europe which could slow down the global economy.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also plunged near its crucial psychological support level of 7900, weighed down by losses in realty, capital goods, power and banking stocks.
Infosys reported a 7.2 per cent QoQ rise in net profit for the quarter ended September 30 to Rs 3096 crore which was above ET Now estimates of Rs 2864.40 crore.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer reported a net profit of Rs 2886 crore in the previous quarter. Reacting to the news the stock rallied nearly 4 per cent to touch its intraday high of Rs 3787.95.
Despite muted trend in markets, BSE IT index managed to rally over 2 per cent, led by gains in Infosys (up 5.2%), Wipro (up 0.8%) and TCS (up 0.3%).
At 03:09 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,283.39, down 353.89 points. The Nifty was at 7854.75, down 105 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.4 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 1.3 per cent.
Hindalco (down 3.1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 3 per cent), Tata Motors (down 2.8 per cent), HDFC (down 2.5 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (down 2.3 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsofts Nadella under fire for pay commentsMicrosoft’s Nadella under fire for women pay comments
By Richard Waters in San Francisco and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a07a3bf8-503e-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OCL India: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 11.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
OCL India: Updates on outcome of AGM
OCL India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OCL India: Updates on outcome of AGM
OCL India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
OCL India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Reliance Industries: Deven Choksey08:00 am
Deven Choksey of KR Choksey and Securities told CNBC-TV18, "With the fall in the crude oil prices the derivatives of the crude oil also would probably come down. Along with the increase in the demand certainly the paint industry is appearing to be better placed compared to others in the coming times. However, the benefit is unlikely to come in next one or two quarters. The benefits could probably come little later. From that point of view we will monitor the prices and the valuation at such point of time."
"As far as buying the companies which are related with the crude oil, probably upstream companies will be better. Within that the preference could be more on Reliance Industries  at this point of time. Considering the fact that Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  Limited (ONGC) would come out with offer for sale (OFS) and at that point of time, you might get it at discounted rate. Probably at this point of time if one wants to accumulate, it would be a better opportunity to accumulate Reliance," he said.
"Reliance could be a good investment choice for next two to three years. Maybe in the near term you don't have too much of excitement because of the lack of the volume growth but otherwise the company appears to be quite well positioned for the growth eventually from all it's verticals in next two to three years."
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group
RELATED NEWS

Add Adani Power  NTPC in portfolio: Deven Choksey08:00 am
Deven Choksey of KR Choksey and Securities told CNBC-TV18, "I find that some of the infrastructure asset ownership companies are looking quite interestingly placed. There are many power generation companies which are available at valuation of somewhere around Rs 3.5-4 crore per megawatt kind of capacity. If the fuel supply is linked with these companies then sooner than later the power tariff issues would probably give them the opportunity to get into the business little bit more with confidence. That is where I like companies like Adani Power  and even NTPC  and would like to consider them to buy into the portfolio."
"Along with that some of the port companies including Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone  within this bracket is also looking quite interestingly positioned for the kind of volume that they are producing and probably will be handling this year itself. So to a greater extent this infrastructure asset ownership class would give good amount of opportunity to buy stocks into portfolio," he said.
"Otherwise there are many stocks in the midcap space where I believe market is giving good opportunity and that includes some of the names like UPL  and Advanta  where I believe that the growth potential is quite huge going forward."
RELATED NEWS

Satya Nadella apologizes for comments on womenMicrosoft CEO apologizes for comments on women
By TALI ARBEL | Associated Press –  Fri 10 Oct, 2014 9:02 AM IST
View Photo
FILE - In this Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014 file photo, Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella speaks to students in New Delhi. On Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014, Nadella spoke at an event for women in computing held in Phoenix, saying women don't need to ask for a raise. They should just trust the system. He was asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup)
NEW YORK (AP) — Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella apologized Thursday night and said he was wrong for saying that women don't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well.
Nadella was blasted on Twitter and in blog posts for his comments, which were made earlier Thursday at an event for women in computing. Tech companies hire many more men than women. And beyond the tech industry, women are typically paid less than men.
He had been asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise. His response: "It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along." Not asking for raise, he added, is "good karma" that would help a boss realize that the employee could be trusted and should have more responsibility.
But his comments caused an uproar online, and Microsoft posted a memo from him on its website. In it, Nadella said he answered the question "completely wrong" and that he thinks "men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
His interviewer at the event, Maria Klawe, president of Harvey Mudd College and a Microsoft director, had told him she disagreed, which drew cheers from the audience. She suggested women do their homework on salary information and first practice asking with people they trust.
Still, his comments at the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, underscored why many see technology companies as workplaces that are difficult to navigate or even unfriendly for women and minorities. Tech companies, particularly the engineering ranks, are overwhelmingly male, white and Asian.
Criticized for their lack of diversity, major companies say they are trying to address the problem with programs such as employee training sessions and by participating in initiatives meant to introduce girls to coding.
Twenty-nine percent of Microsoft's employees are women, according to figures the Redmond, Washington-based company released earlier this month. Its technical and engineering staff and its management are just 17 percent female.
That's roughly comparable to diversity data released by other big tech companies this year.
"Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap," Nadella wrote in his memo to employees.
___
http://gracehopper.org/2014-grace-hopper-celebration-thursday-livestream/ (The question about raises comes up at about 1:34.)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Infosys share price surge 5.61%  but BSE Sensex tanks 335 ptsInfosys share price surge 5.61%  but BSE Sensex tanks 335 pts
Infosys jumps 6.6%  Q2 earnings beat brokerages estimatesInfosys jumps 6.6%  Q2 earnings beat brokerages estimates
Marussia to race with one car in SochiMarussia to race with one car in Sochi
Omar Abdullah offers solace to migrants displaced due to unprovoked firing by Pak along J and K bordWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Omar Abdullah offers solace to migrants displaced due to unprovoked firing by Pak along J and K bord
+      Jammu, Oct 10 (ANI): Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah visited migrants displaced in the intensified cross-border firing between India and Pakistan as they sought shelter far from homes. A total of nine Pakistani and eight Indian ...

Infosys declares 1:1 bonus shares to investorsInfosys declares 1:1 bonus shares to investors
Bail Plea Rejected  Celebration Turns into ProtestBail Plea Rejected  Celebration Turns into Protest
Infosys extends initial gains on strong Q2 resultsInfosys extends initial gains on strong Q2 results
UPDATE 2-Australia miners push for China tariff relief for battered coal sectorUPDATE 2-Australia miners push for China tariff relief for battered coal sector
Nyssa Corporation: Outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 11.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nyssa Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Nyssa Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nyssa Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Nyssa Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nyssa Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SEBI finalising listing regulation  tough measures against insider tradingSEBI set to bring new listing laws, tough measures against insider trading
Shishir Sinha/ K R Srivats
SEBI Chairman U K Sinha
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
The market regulator, SEBI, is all set to come out with new regulations for listing and strict measures against insider trading.
"In place of the listing agreement, we will bring a listing regulation as a regulation has much greater force for implementation and action. We will bring this as soon as next month," SEBI Chairman U K Sinha said while addressing a conference on improving board effectiveness, organised by KPMG.
He also said the regulator is working on stricter norms to deal with insider trading. He emphasised that a penalty on the company and suspension of trading in case of violation of listing norms is not a good idea as it hurts the interest of shareholders. So, the emphasis would be on penalising executives.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Markets remain weak; Tata Motors loses 4%Infosys gains over 6% in a subdued market
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:44 AM IST
Infosys impressive Q2 results has kept benchmark indices tethered though weakness persists in early noon trades amid concerns about global economic recovery which led to massive sell off at Wall Street and decline in Asian markets.
Meanwhile, today the government will release Index of Industrial Production data for August. August IIP is expected to grow 2.4% compared with 0.5% in July.
At 11.30 Am, Sensex is trading at 26,374 with a loss of 260 points while Nifty is at 7,833 with a loss of 77 points.
In the broader market, BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap index are trading with a loss around 0.8%.
Market breadth is weak with almost two decline for every advance.
Rupee is trading at 61.17 compared to earlier close of 61.04 against US Dollar.
 
Asian Markets
Asian stocks tracked overnight losses on wall Street as weak August export data from Germany raised concerns that the global economic growth is still struggling. Crude oil prices also fell to two-year lows as demand for the commodity is likely to remain sluggish amid global economic growth concerns. Shares in Japan were trading lower with the benchmark Nikkei down 1% while shares in Hong Kong were trading 1.6% lower. Straits Times was down 0.9% and Shanghai Composite was down 0.8%.
US stocks slumped on Thursday and the S&P 500 recorded its highest percentage fall in six months amid global growth concerns. Discouraging exports and industrial production from Germany, Europe's largest economy, also dampened sentiment.
Sectors and Shares
Except BSE IT and Teck Sector with around 2% advance and BSE Reality which is flat all other secotrs are posting losses.
Infosys is the biggest gainer surging around 6%.The country’s second largest IT firm in terms of market value had profit of Rs 2,886 crore in June 2014 quarter. Total consolidated revenues, grew 4.5% to Rs 13,342 crore in the September quarter, as against Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter, Infosys said in a statement.
Infosys announced that its board recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue, viz., a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held.
Among other IT majors, TCS and Wipro are trading flat.
Profit booking has kept bank shares under pressure. ICICI, HDFC, Axis and SBI have lost between 1% to 2%.
After gaining in a bullish market, pharma shares are subdued.Cipla and Sun Pharma have lost 1.2-1.4% each while Dr Reddys lab is gaining 0.3%.
BHEL has continued to benefit after bagging Ennore supercritical power project. It is gaining around 1.5%.
Tata group shares are under pressure. Tata motors and Tata Steel have lost more than 3%.
Among other stocks,Shares of oil marketing companies,BPCL and HPCL have gained around 1.3 on back of  Brent crude prices dipping below $90 a barrel.
Apollo Tyres has moved higher by 4% to Rs 224, also its new high on National Stock Exchange (NSE), extending its past three day’s rally, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said foreign investors can now buy up to 45% stake in the tyre manufacturer.
T D Power Systems has surged 18% to Rs 396 after HDFC Mutual Fund acquired additional stake in the company through open market transaction.
 

GVK Wins Environmental Permit for Huge Australian Coal MineYou are here: Home Corporates
GVK Wins Environmental Permit for Huge Australian Coal Mine
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 11:49 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Melbourne:
GVK and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart have secured an environmental permit to build their Alpha Coal project in Australia, moving it a step closer to signing off on a long-delayed $10 billion mine, rail and port project.
The GVK Hancock joint venture still needs to finalise a plan with coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings, overcome legal challenges to the project, and sign coal sales agreements before lining up financing for the huge project.
"Now that we have our Environmental Authority for our Alpha Coal Project our key focus is to continue advancing the project to a point where construction can commence," GVK Hancock said in a statement.
The Alpha mine is 79 per cent owned by GVK and 21 per cent owned by Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting.
The venture aims to produce 32 million tonnes a year of low ash, low sulphur coal from the mine in the untapped Galilee Basin, saying the project would be profitable even at today's weak prices for coal used in power stations.
"The volume and magnitude our Alpha coal project's large, shallow and very flat coal seams allow for large scale mining techniques that ensures our proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions," GVK Hancock said in the statement.
GVK's listed unit GVK Power & Infrastructure owns a small stake in GVK's holding in the Alpha project.
GVK's domestic rival Adani Enterprises is also trying to build a massive coal, rail and port project in the Galilee Basin, and its Australian unit also faces legal challenges to its Carmichael project.
India holds the world's fifth-largest coal reserves but still needs to resort to imports as state-owned Coal India, which accounts for about 80 per cent of the country's output, frequently misses output targets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Companies looking to hire more and reward betterCompanies looking to hire more and reward better
Sreeradha D Basu, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.57AM IST
(Chakraborty expects…)
Banker Sandeep Vaswani (name changed) lives in a plush rented apartment in South Mumbai and is currently repaying a home loan on a suburban flat. His homemaker wife and he are expecting their first child next year. Yet, they are planning to buy a second car — a Ford Fiesta — during Diwali, with a loan.
Even a year ago, admits Vaswani, given the overall job scenario and the prevalent insecurity, the idea of buying another car wouldn't have been something he dared contemplate. Now, he's a lot more upbeat.
Vaswani has just changed jobs, at a 30% hike that has taken his annual salary to about Rs 40 lakh. Right before quitting, he netted a bonus of Rs 2 lakh. Last year, he says, he would have saved it for contingencies. This year, it's going towards a holiday in the Far East and a high-end TV. "Things are looking good. I'm not worried," he says.
Shaping Vaswani's optimism is a lift in macroeconomic numbers and anecdotal evidence of a job market shaking off its lethargy. According to the Michael Page Salary and Employment forecast for India 2014, 70% of the 288 employers surveyed expect to increase headcount in the next 12 months, against 58% in its 2013 forecast. "The overall salary outlay has gone up," says Rituparna Chakraborty, co-founder and senior VP, TeamLease, a staffing company. "There is a lot of intake, even of freshers or those with very little experience."
For the festive season till end-January, Chakraborty expects temporary hiring in consumer durables, e-commerce, hospitality, airlines and travel portals to exceed the annual average by around 50%. Even at the permanent level, there is evidence of more hiring, led by IT/telecom (23% of total hiring), manufacturing and engineering (17%), and banking and financial services (10%), according to Timesjobs.com.
Healthcare/biotechnology, real estate and IT/telecom, it adds, are sectors that have made the most dramatic improvement over last year. The expectation is of higher salaries. Based on conversations with six executives from search firms, during job switches, the hike is 25%-30% for senior executives and 25%-40% at the middle management level. There has been an increase in counter-offers. And sign-on bonuses and guaranteed stock options are making a comeback. The TeamLease Jobs & Salaries Primer expects a growth of 11.3% in jobs this fiscal, with professionals with niche talent commanding increments of above 20%.
Anandorup Ghose, leader of Aon Hewitt India's rewards consulting practice, feels companies will give more to their employees in 2015 — at least 0.6 percentage points — than the 10% it forecast for 2014. TeamLease chairman Manish Sabharwal believes domestic consumption and job creation have entered a virtuous cycle.
"Higher confidence in a better future is leading to higher consumption, which, in turn, is driving job creation in functions like sales, customer service and logistics," he says. India has entered a cyclical uptrend, he adds, which has the potential to become a structural uptrend if difficult reform decisions are taken.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Venture capitals looking to make multiple bets on hiring spaceVenture capitals looking to make multiple bets on India's Rs 4,800 crore hiring space
Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 03.20AM IST
(The Gurgaon-based startup…)
MUMBAI: India's recruitment sector is back on the agenda of venture capital investors after more than a decade as they back a set of niche startups in the space. The latest is Matrix Partners India, which has invested an undisclosed amount in GrownOut, which uses professional networks such as LinkedIn to make automated referral hirings.
This comes as other recruitment portals have attracted funding from venture capital firms such as IDG Ventures India, Mayfield and Helion Ventures over the last three-four months. VCs are looking to make multiple bets on the space as India's search and recruitment market is Rs 4,800 crore and growing at a compounded annual growth rate of 20%.
"This has been a largely untapped market and we believe there are several opportunities to solve the hiring needs of Indian small and medium businesses," said Tarun Davda, director Matrix Partners, which will make more investments in the space this year. These startups are looking to make hiring more time efficient and cost-effective by leveraging technology solutions in a market dominated by staffing agencies, job boards and company HR. The largest player in the online space, Naukri-.com, focuses on listing resumes and jobs and has revenue of Rs 372 crore, less than 10% of the total market.
"Despite incredible innovations in technology in the last decade, recruiting still remains a fundamental challenge in the industry and an unsolved problem," said GrownOut co-founder and CEO Sumit Gupta, a computer science graduate from Delhi's Indraprastha University. The Gurgaon-based startup was founded last year by 25-year-old Gupta and 26-year-old IIT Delhi graduate Harsimran Walia. GrownOut has found more than 100 clients already and is being used by companies such as Quikr, Olacabs, Appiterate, Stayzilla and Winshuttle.
"The biggest headache in hiring is spamming," said Gupta, who said that the success rate of referrals getting hired is high at 40% even though they contribute to 7% of total resumes that come in. While referral network is one segment of the market, other niches targeted by VCs include recommendation engines, technology-enabled hiring and skill-assessment firms. "Our thinking is that the time is ripe for the next generation of recruitment websites and one-size-fits-all is not the correct paradigm.
The resume database itself has become a commodity, so one has to build value added services on top of it," said Ritesh Banglani, partner at Helion Venture, which is investing in an auction-based recruitment platform. Helion has seen a fourfold increase in deal flow from startups in the recruitment space this year and is also eyeing multiple investments. TimesJobs, owned by the publisher of this newspaper, is another player in the segment that launched an independent site called Techgig which serves as an engagement platform with the IT community.
"Companies can position themselves better for skills and technologies they have, rather than just their working environment," said Vivek Madhukar, COO of Times Business Solutions. Other startups that have attracted funding include IDG Venturesbacked MyNoticePeriod, which focuses on candidates serving notice and Talview, a video interview platform that was funded by Mayfield in July.
Talview's flagship product is an automated video interview platform that companies can use to screen candidates on the basis of predetermined questions. This is also finding traction overseas. "We have done 70,000 video assessments in more than 100 countries," said CEO Sanjoe Jose. The startup counts Cognizant, ABB and Wockhardt as clients.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Embellished skill sets most common fabrications by job seekersbiodata
(Among the most common lies,…)
NEW DELHI: When it comes to hiring, employers have found that a large number of aspirants tend to exaggerate their skill sets and even fabricate employment history, says a survey.
About 78 per cent of hiring managers have found a lie on a job seeker's CV ( curriculum vitae ) and more than half of these employers have seen growing instances of embellishment of the bio-data in the post-recession period, according to a survey by online job site CareerBuilder India.
Among the most common lies, embellished skill set was the most common fabrication caught by majority of the employers (61 per cent) followed by companies worked for (50 per cent).
Besides, other frequently used lies pertained to embellished responsibilities (49 per cent), dates of employment (47 per cent), job title (46 per cent), awards/ recognitions (35 per cent) and academic degree (30 per cent).
"While most jobseekers presume by adding things here or there the chance of they getting shortlisted might increase, however they do not realise that the recruiters on the other side have sufficient experience to map competencies and achievements mentioned," CareerBuilder India managing director Premlesh Machama said.
"Most importantly recruiters can very well identify gaps between profile on the CV and the jobseeker in person at the time of the interview," he added.
As per the survey, about 28 per cent said they would dismiss a candidate if they caught a lie on the biodata , while 58 per cent said there decision to reject would depend up on what the lie was about.
Another 14 per cent showed willingness to overlook a lie if they liked the candidate.
The survey also revealed that 59 per cent employers spend more than two minutes reviewing each CV; 23 per cent take less than 60 seconds, and 11 per cent, 30 seconds or less.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ET Review: Micromax Canvas NitroET Review: Micromax Canvas Nitro
8 Oct, 2014
Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau
Price: Rs 12,990
Not very long ago, Xiaomi's Mi3 was easily the best smartphone under Rs 15,000. However, now that it remains in very short supply, the spot of 'best phone under Rs 15,000' is up for grabs.
Canvas Nitro is Micromax's new offering to compete for this position.

Second and last Lunar Eclipse of the yearSecond and last Lunar Eclipse of the year
9 Oct, 2014
Tweet
Text: AFP
Stargazers in the America and Asia were treated to a lunar eclipse, a celestial show that bathed the moon in a reddish tint to create a 'blood moon.'
The total lunar eclipse is the second of two in 2014 and the second in a tetrad (four total lunar eclipses in series).
In pic: This combo picture shows (L-R, top - bottom) the process of a total lunar eclipse in Hefei, east China's Anhui province.

Government Notifies 25% Minimum Public Holding Norms for Listed PSUsYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Notifies 25% Minimum Public Holding Norms for Listed PSUs
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:32 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government's plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator Sebi.
"... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five per cent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India," the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares.
However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 per cent include Coal India, SAIL, MMTC, NHPC, NMDC and SJVN.
While private sector firms were given three years in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 per cent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 per cent.
The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 per cent public holding, but  these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently Sebi's board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 per cent public holding.
In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, Sebi last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend, issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 14:27 (IST)

Cox & Kings to Raise Rs 1 200 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Cox & Kings to Raise Rs 1,200 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:19 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Tours and travel firm Cox & Kings today said it would raise Rs 1,200 crore from the market by issuing securities.
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014 has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...," the company said in a BSE filing.
Shares of Cox & Kings were trading 2.08 per cent up at Rs 326.40 during afternoon session on the BSE.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 14:15 (IST)

These 4 Companies Made it to the World s Best Brands ListYou are here: Home Corporates
Tech Companies Lead Ranking of Most Valuable Brands
Stuart Elliott, The New York Times | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:55 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
The “tech-ing” of Madison Avenue continues apace, according to the results of a closely followed annual report about how much brands are worth, as the brands of leading technology companies crowd the top ranks and increase substantially in value.
The 2014 edition of what is known as the Interbrand Best Global Brands report shows Apple in first place, as the world’s most valuable brand, for a second straight year. Apple took the top spot last year from Coca-Cola, which fell to No.3; Coca-Cola remained in third place this year, and the No. 2 brand last year, the technology powerhouse Google, kept that spot.
The report, to be issued Thursday, presents a table of the top 100 valuable global brands. The Apple brand is valued at $118.9 billion, up 21 percent from last year. The Google brand, at $107.4 billion, rose in value by 15 percent from last year. Those twin peaks represent the first time two brands have each earned a value of more than $100 billion in a Best Global Brands report.
Despite some critics who were “suggesting that Apple had lost its luster,” said Jez Frampton, global chief executive of Interbrand, a corporate identity and brand consultancy that is part of the Omnicom Group, “we’ve still got Apple and Google slugging it out at the top.”
(Google was No. 1 on another list, known as the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands report, released in May by Millward Brown Optimor, a unit of WPP. Google toppled Apple from first place after three years in the BrandZ report as Apple fell to No. 2.)
Four of the top 10 brands in the 2014 Interbrand report are technology brands. In addition to Apple and Google, they are Microsoft, at No. 5, unchanged from last year, and Samsung, No. 7, up a notch from 2013. IBM, No. 4, the same as last year, is classified by Interbrand as a business services brand; otherwise, half the top 10 brands would be technology brands.
The technology category was the most valuable overall, with a total value of $493.2 billion; other major brand categories include automotive, financial services and luxury. And Facebook - which had the highest percentage increase in value from last year, 86 percent - is, of course, also a technology brand. In only its second year on the list, Facebook climbed to No. 29 from No. 52 in 2013, and, “It’s still growing,” Frampton said.
Also, “Twitter is starting to get closer to appearing on the table,” he said.
“On one hand, the new tech brands are doing great,” Frampton said, “and you have to consider they are at the real beginning of their lives as businesses.” On the other hand, “will we see a new tech brand perform like a Coca-Cola or a Mercedes-Benz?” he asked. “Their longevity is unproven.” (Mercedes-Benz climbed a notch, from No. 11 last year to 10th place.)
And potential pitfalls may challenge rising technology brands, as shown by the performances of some of their troubled brethren. For instance, Nokia suffered the largest decline in value among the top 100 of any type of brand, dropping 44 percent from last year to $4.1 billion, and plunged in the rankings to 98th place from 57th in 2013.
Nintendo, although classified by Interbrand as an electronics company, also has technology trappings, and it, too, fell precipitously, to No. 100 from No. 67 last year. Its brand value declined 33 percent from 2013 to $4.1 billion.
Another area where technology brands have “all got to be careful,” Frampton said, is in how issues like data security and the use of behavioral data for marketing purposes affect consumer confidence.
“Our relationship in brands is our fundamental trust in them, and if they deliver in accordance with their promises,” he said. “If it looks like a brand is taking advantage of you, that could cause problems in the future.”
The report is the 15th annual look at worldwide brand value by Interbrand, which began compiling the Best Global Brands report in 2000. The rankings and valuations are determined by factors that include the role a brand plays in influencing consumers, a brand’s financial performance and the strength a brand has to command a premium price or to help its parent make money. Stock-market values “don’t affect our valuations,” Frampton said.
Among brands outside the realm of technology, the highest rankings were achieved by - in addition to Coca-Cola, IBM and Mercedes-Benz - General Electric, classified as a diversified company (although it has technology aspects), at No. 6, the same as in 2013; Toyota, No. 8, up from No. 10 last year; and McDonald’s, No. 9, down from No. 7 in 2013.
The biggest gains in value achieved by nontechnology brands compared with last year were for Audi, No. 45, up 27 percent; Amazon, classified as a retail brand, No. 15, up 25 percent; and, each with an increase of 23 percent, Volkswagen, No. 31, and Nissan, No. 56.
Of the five brands that made the Best Global Brands list for the first time, one is a technology brand: Huawei, a Chinese brand, at No. 94. It is, Frampton said, “our very first Chinese brand on the table.”
The other four newcomers are: DHL, in 81st place; Land Rover, 91st; FedEx, 92nd; and Hugo Boss, 97th.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 14:47 (IST)

India s Manufacturing  Services Growth Lags Behind China in September: HSBCFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi:
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a slower pace than China in September, even as emerging market output touched an 18 month high in the same month, a report by HSBC said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from Purchasing Managers' Index surveys, stood at 52.5 in September, higher from 52.4 in August.
Moreover, on a quarterly basis the EMI averaged 52.2 in Q3, the best since the first quarter of 2013.
"The September PMI surveys found welcome signs of a renewed upturn in emerging market economies gaining traction, with business activity growing at the fastest rate for a year-and-a-half," Markit Chief Economist, Chris Williamson said.
During July, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 51.8, whereas for China it was 52.3, Brazil (50.6) and Russia (50.9). An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"The third quarter saw growth in China and India rise to the fastest since early-2013, and Brazil is showing signs of lifting out of its recession," Williamson said.
Latest data signalled that services activity rose at a stronger rate than manufacturing output for the second month running. This was driven by the trend in China, as services activity in Brazil, India and Russia rose at either weak or marginal rates.
"Growth eased in India in September. The average PMI reading in the third quarter was the highest for a year-and-a-half, pointing to a further acceleration of annual GDP growth from the 5.7 per cent pace seen in the second quarter," Williamson added.
Meanwhile, outlook for global emerging markets remained relatively weak in September. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, and was little-changed from August's three-month low at the end of the third quarter.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 16:07 (IST)

Apple delays production of larger iPadApple delays production of larger iPad
Reuters
Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama holds up an iPad during a visit to Buck Lodge Middle School in Adelphi, Maryland. File photo
Oct 9:  
Apple Inc suppliers have delayed the production of a larger iPad to early next year, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The suppliers had planned to start producing the larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhones to keep up with demand, the WSJ said.
Foxconn Technology Co Ltd, which assembles iPhones and iPads, has 200,000 workers in China already putting together new iPhones and making items such as metal casings, the Journal said.
Apple is expected to launch the new iPads at an event on Oct. 16.
Asian suppliers expect Apple's larger tablet to have a 12.9-inch liquid-crystal-display screen with a resolution similar to the iPad Air launched in October last year, the WSJ said.
Data research firm IDC said in August that it expected tablet sales to slow globally in 2014.
Apple was not immediately available for comment.
The company said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first weekend they were available in September.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Ericsson signs 4G network deal with Bharti AirtelEricsson signs 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:44 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Ericsson, the Swedish telecom gear firm, on Thursday said it has signed a 4G network deal (or LTE) with Bharti Airtel, the country's largest mobile operator .
The company, however, refused to divulge additional information on the deal including the financial and circle details.
"Airtel has selected Ericsson for FDD-LTE network," Ericsson India Head Chris Houghton told reporters in the national capital.
Houghton, however, refused to comment when asked which circle the deal had been signed for.
Bharti Airtel won 1,800 MHz frequency band spectrum in 15 circles including metro cities Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. The Sunil Bharti Mittal-promoted firm plans to launch 4G network pan-India using 1,800 MHz.
4G mobile Internet technology provides download speeds of around 100 Megabits per second (Mbps) on the move and it can go up to 1 Gigabits per second (Gbps) at a fixed location.
Airtel had also won broadband wireless access (BWA) or 4G spectrum in 2,300 MHz frequency band in four telecom services areas of Kolkata, Maharashtra, Punjab and Karnataka in 2010.
It later acquired Qualcomm, which had 4G spectrum in New Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana and Kerala.
The company already offers 4G services using TDD LTE technology on 2,300 Mhz band in Ludhiana, Mohali, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Chandigarh and Panchkula.

Sonia Gandhi hits campaign trail in Maharashtrapicture  others
Sonia Gandhi hits campaign trail in Maharashtra
Congress President Sonia Gandhi hit the campaign trail in Maharashtra ahead of the October 15 assembly polls in the state. She was addressing a rally in state's Kolhapur. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Mounting an assault on BJP, Congress President Sonia Gandhi asked the voters in Maharashtra not to be swayed by the party which "spreads hatred in society". She also said BJP and Shiv Sena might have parted ways but in reality they are one.
Seen here in this picture is former home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
"Their aim is to spread hatred in society. Don't get swayed by BJP, which changes masks," she said while addressing a poll rally at this pilgrimage town in western Maharashtra. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Joining the campaign for October 15 Assembly poll just four days before electioneering ends, Sonia said, "Opportunist parties like BJP and Shiv Sena can do anything for power. They may be look separate but in reality they are one."  (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Sonia Gandhi said the Narendra Modi government was carrying forward schemes of the erstwhile UPA government despite BJP having ridiculed them earlier. "They ridiculed schemes of Congress government but are going ahead with the same schemes," she said.
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan was also present at the rally. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan speaking with Sonia Gandhi. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Sonia Gandhi said Maharashtra had progressed under Congress which fought for women, farmers and the backward classes. "We made laws to empower them. In future too, we are committed to progress for all," she said. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Sonia Gandhi meets her supporters. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Related

Reliance Industries Approaches Tribunal Against Sebi PenaltyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has approached the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) against a penalty of Rs 13 crore imposed on it by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in a case related to disclosure of a key earnings ratio of the company.
SAT is scheduled to hear on Friday the appeals filed by Reliance Industries against the Sebi order, which was passed on August 8, 2014.
The penalty includes a fine of Rs 1 crore for violation of listing agreement and another Rs 12 crore for violation of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act in a matter related to alleged non-disclosure of the Diluted Earnings Per Share (DEPS) in the quarterly and annual financial filings.
The capital market regulator had asked the company to pay the penalty within 45 days of the receipt of the order.
The order followed a probe by Sebi in an over 7-year old case involving alleged irregularities in the issuance of 12 crore warrants by Mukesh Ambani-led RIL to its promoters, entitling its holders to subscribe to equivalent number of equity shares of RIL.
It was alleged that this issuance in April 2007 had resulted in diluting the pre-issue paid-up equity share capital of RIL, but the company repeatedly failed to disclose such dilution in earnings for as many as six quarters.
"We are now studying the order as to the interpretation Sebi has taken and would take appropriate action based on legal advice," an RIL spokesperson had said on August 8 after the Sebi order.
"The issue relates to the method of calculation of diluted EPS under the Accounting Standards. The issue is not of non-disclosure," the company had said.
"It can be observed from the results published by the company of all the quarters in question that both basic and diluted EPS have been disclosed," RIL had said, while releasing its financial results for the six quarters concerned to substantiate its claims on basic and diluted EPS.
In its 15-page order, Sebi said the company had submitted before it that there would "be no dilutive effect in the Earning Per Share (EPS) if the proceeds from the issue are not less than the fair value of the shares issued".
Sebi ruled that "conversion of warrants into equity shares would necessarily result in reduction in net profit per share of the company as the same amount of profit needs to be distributed to additional equity shares as well upon such conversion".
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 19:22 (IST)

Watch: Facebook s founder speaks about India and the InternetTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Escorts Implements VRS; 350 Staff LeaveYou are here: Home Corporates
Escorts Implements VRS; 350 Employees Leave Company
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 21:20 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Farm equipment major Escorts Ltd on Thruway announced implementation of a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
"With an operational focus on improving business performance, Escorts Ltd has successfully implemented group-wide future-oriented VRS, aimed particularly at restructuring Escorts Auto Products," the company said in a statement.
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results. The exercise was closed within 30 days, it added.
"This largest-ever VRS at Escorts was availed by 350 employees and will enable greater efficiencies and productivity due to rationalisation of deployment," the company said.
"Our VRS offer was part of an overall group-wide strategic initiative to make Escorts leaner and smarter organisation. Through this, we have sought to become even more focused on productivity and improve our organisational efficiencies," Escorts executive vice president (HR and ER) Ishan Mehta said.
Escorts Auto Products CEO Dipankar Ghosh said the firm embarked on programmes that focused on 'lean' management and consolidation of manufacturing facilities to create more profitable production methods.
The company has also engaged with chosen prospective partners for technology infusion to tap into larger opportunities available within the auto sector, he added.
"I am sure these initiatives will enable EAP to target higher market share by offering its high-end products to domestic as well as international markets," Mr Ghosh said.
Escorts Auto Products is among the leading manufacturers of auto suspension products, including shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks.
Shares in Escorts, on Thursday, ended at Rs 161.60 apiece on the BSE, up 6.11 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 18:23 (IST)

Asian equities extend global sell-offS&P 500 closes at lowest level since May
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94134c32-5026-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sonia Gandhi accuses BJP of selling false dreams; predicts patch-up with Shiv SenaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Women in tech shouldn t ask for raises: NadellaMicrosoft CEO Satya Nadella criticized for suggesting women in technology should not ask for raises
By Reuters | 10 Oct, 2014, 10.41AM IST
0
Share More
"It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along," Nadella said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp's chief executive officer suggested on Thursday that women in technology should not ask for raises but have faith in the "system", bringing a torrent of criticism and causing the executive to backtrack after the statement.
Satya Nadella , who became CEO in February, was asked how women should get ahead in the tech world at a three-day conference in Phoenix, Arizona, intended to celebrate women in computing.
"It's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along," Nadella said, according to a recording on the website of the event, the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing .
"Because that's good karma," Nadella continued. "It'll come back because somebody's going to know that's the kind of person that I want to trust."
Maria Klawe , president of Harvey Mudd College and a member of Microsoft's board, immediately challenged Nadella, saying his viewpoint was "one of the very few things that I disagree with you on," eliciting a few cheers from the audience.
The two went on to hug on stage, and the audience warmly applauded, but Twitter rounded on Nadella and his comments became fodder for jokes.
"I'll wait for Karma to lower my #xboxlive price too," tweeted Chuck Granade.
Nadella later tried to patch up the damage.
"Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise," he tweeted several hours after his remarks. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias."
Nadella also admitted his error in a memo to Microsoft employees which was posted on the company's website.
"I answered that question completely wrong," said the memo. "I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
According to recent research by the American Association of University Women , last year women were paid 78 per cent of what equally qualified men received, although there is some data to suggest the pay gap is less in the tech sector.
Only 29 per cent of Microsoft's more than 100,000 employees are female, according to data recently released by the company.
Amazon.in : Buy now
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

UN owes India $110 mn for peacekeeping opsBangladesh
(The United Nations owes…)
UNITED NATIONS: The United Nations owes India $110 million, the second highest outstanding payment to any country, for costs relating to peacekeeping operations and troops, a top UN official said.
India, one of the largest troop contributing countries to UN peacekeeping missions, owed the money for troops/formed police, contingent-owned equipment and consumables letters of assist, deaths and disability.
UN Under Secretary General for Management Yukio Takasu said that as of October 3 this year, a total of $110 million was owed to India but the organisation is expected to begin making payments over the next two days to countries, including to those contribute troops and other personnel to peacekeeping missions.
The UN hopes to reduce by half its outstanding payments to member nations for various expenses by the end of the year.
Takasu acknowledged India's large contributions to UN peacekeeping and said the amount owed to the country was among the highest that the world body owes to nations.
Apart from India, Ethiopia was owed the largest amount at $137 million, Pakistan at $109 million and Bangladesh at $108 million.
As of October 3, the UN owed $585 million to Member States for troops and formed police units.
Contingent-owned equipment claims totalled $1.3 billion, including $602 million for active missions and $86 million for closed missions.
"The Secretariat is monitoring the peacekeeping cash with a view to making payments whenever possible," Takasu said.
"Payments are now being processed, and by tomorrow, the outstanding payments will be reduced from $1.3 billion to $815 million."
Takasu said the UN Secretariat is making every effort to minimize the level of outstanding payments to Member States to $501 million by year's end.
Takasu yesterday briefed the UN General Assembly's main administrative and budgetary body - known as the 'Fifth Committee' - on the Organization's financial situation.
He said with its limited cash reserves, the financial health of the United Nations is "totally dependent" on how quickly and how much Member States pay towards the organization's operations.
Takasu's semi-annual snapshot of the Organization's finances included details on the regular budget, UN peacekeeping operations, the international tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , and the Capital Master Plan account, which was created to manage the renovations of the world body's headquarters here.
He said while the financial situation of the UN is "generally good," the annual regular budget, which currently stands at $2.6 billion, has a gap of close to one billion.
France , the US and Italy owed the highest amounts to the UN, with unpaid assessed contributions totalling slightly more than a billion dollars in October 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Q2 Profit Rises to Rs. 3 096 Crore  Shares Jump 6% on Bonus IssueYou are here: Home Corporates
Infosys Q2 Profit Rises to Rs 3,096 Crore, Shares Jump on Bonus Issue
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 21:27 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys on Friday beat profit estimates on the back of higher-than-expected rise in September quarter margins. The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, leading to a sharp jump in stock prices. ( Read )
Infosys shares closed 6.7 per cent higher at Rs 3,888.95 after earlier hitting a new 52-week high of Rs 3,908. The stock outperformed the broader Nifty, which fell 1.3 per cent tracking global markets. Infosys was the top gainer on the 50-share Nifty index. ( Track stock )
The Q2 results are the first since Vishal Sikka took over as Infosys CEO on August 1. Dr Sikka, a former SAP top executive, is the first non-founder CEO of Infosys.
Between July and September, Infosys net profits rose to 3,096 crore on sales of 13,342 crore. Brokers polled by NDTV had expected Infosys to report a net profit of Rs 2,959 crore on sales of Rs 13,318 crore.
India's second biggest outsourcer had reported a net profit of Rs 2,886 crore on sales of Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter (Q1).
Operating (ebit) margin rose to 26.1 per cent, beating estimates. Infosys chief financial officer Rajiv Bansal said margins expanded despite making significant investments in business.
Over the past few quarters, Infosys has focused on improving efficiencies and cutting costs, which has boosted margins.
However, Infosys retained its dollar revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent for the current 2014-15 fiscal year. In September quarter, dollar revenues rose to $2201, slightly higher than estimates of $2195 million.
Over the last few years, Infosys has lagged behind its peers in terms of growth, but today the new CEO vowed to bring Infosys on a consistent profit growth path. (Watch: Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company, says Vishal Sikka )
"We look forward to become the bellwether of Indian IT industry again," Dr Sikka said at his first press conference after becoming Infosys CEO. ( Read more )
He also announced 100 per cent bonus for all employees. Analysts say the move is aimed to control a record-high attrition at Infosys. In the September quarter, attrition rose to 20.1 per cent from 19.5 per cent in the June quarter. That means one employee in five left the company during the quarter. ( Read )
Pramod Gubbi of Ambit told NDTV that Infosys Q2 results are better than estimates. "The margins have been better, but the focus in on the new line of strategey that CEO Vishal Sikka will outline and how that strategy will be executed over the next couple of years," he added.
Mr Gubbi, however, said that there was not enough in Q2 results to justify the surge in stocks today.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 16:13 (IST)

Gujarat to promote Vadodara as states cultural capitalGujarat to promote Vadodara as state’s cultural capital
PTI
Champaner intricate stone work
Vadodara, Oct 10:  
Gujarat government has set up a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) to promote Vadodara as the state’s cultural capital and encourage tourism in the city.
The SPV, known as Vadodara International Art and Culture Festival Authority, is headed by state Tourism and Finance Minister Saurabh Patel.
“After promoting Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad as business destinations through Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors Summit since 2003, the state government has decided to promote Vadodara as its cultural capital,” Patel told mediapersons here yesterday.
The state government is the first in the country to create such an authority for promoting tourism in Vadodara, which has the potential of becoming cultural capital of India, he claimed.
Vadodara is famous for several palaces, world heritage sites like Champaner, Pavagadh hills among others, he said.
The upcoming world’s tallest Statue of Unity, to be built in the memory of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel near Sardar Sarovar dam, about 100 km from Vadodara, will add to the tourist circuit of Vadodara, he said.
To promote tourism, a biannual Vadodara International Art and Culture Festival (VADFEST) would also be held, beginning from January 23 next year, the minister said.
Noted artistes in various fields from across the country will participate in the event. Apart from celebrating art, dance, drama, culture, food, films, there would also be a special children’s theatre festival, he said.
Noted actress Hema Malini, veteran playback singer Asha Bhosale, and musicians Pt Hariprasad Chaursia and A R Rehman would be a part of the festival, he said.
The event will give a boost to tourism, hotel industry, real estate and also open doors for investment in industries, education and IT for the city, Patel added.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 net up 7% at Rs 3 096 crore  beats estimatesInfosys Q2 net up 7% at Rs 3,096 crore, beats estimates
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 10:15 AM IST
Infosys, India’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, today cheered investors by posting a strong growth for July-September 2015 (Q2FY15), beating estimates on most fronts, as well as announcing a bonus share issue.
Additionally, in line with expectations, the company left its revenue growth guidance for FY15 unchanged at 7-9%.
The Bangalore-based company’s consolidated net profit for Q2FY15 grew 28.6% year-on-year to Rs 3,096 crore, while its consolidated revenue rose 2.9% to Rs 13,342 crore. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the net profit rose a whopping 7.3% and revenue increased 4.5%.
In dollar terms, net profit increased 6% sequentially, and revenue grew 3.1%. Most analysts had expected the company’s dollar-revenues to grow around 3%.
Earnings during the quarter were mainly aided by an uptick in demand environment, coupled with the company’s cost rationalisation measures. The company along with its subsidiaries added 49 clients during Q2 on a gross basis.
Reacting to the strong performance, Infosys’ shares were trading up 5.5% at Rs 3,845 at 9:45 am.
“Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results”, Infosys’ newly appointed Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said in a company statement. “Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
A big surprise also came on the margins front as the company posted 100 basis point sequential expansion in its operating profit margin for Q2FY15 at 26.1%. Most analysts had expected a 30-50 basis point margin expansion.
“We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band”, said Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer. “This is giving us increased confidence to make the investments required to meet our growth aspirations.”
To investors’ surprise, Infosys announced a one-for-one bonus share issue. Several analysts term this move as “Sikka’s gift for the Street”.
“The Board approved and recommended the issuance in order to increase the liquidity of its shares and to expand the retail shareholder base,” Infosys said in a statement.
Employee attrition at the company rose further to a record high of 20.1%, from 19.5% a quarter ago.
Infosys also said it has pledged Rs 254 crore for FY15 towards corporate social responsibility (CSR) through its philanthropic arm, Infosys foundation. The foundation is engaged in several programs aimed at alleviating hunger, promoting education, improving health, assisting rural development, supporting arts and helping the destitute.
Infosys Q2 Earnings Highlights
* Q2 Net profit up 7.3% QoQ, 28.6% YoY
* Q2 Revenue up 4.5% QoQ, 2.9% YoY
* Revenue growth guidance for FY15 retained at 7-9%
* Announces 1:1 bonus share issue
* Q2 Operating profit margin at 26.1%, up 100 bps
* Attrition at record-high of 20.1%
 

E-tail vs Retail: Kunal Bahl & J Suresh batt...Arvind Lifestyle Brands
(ET gets Snapdeal's Kunal…)
E-tail versus Retail - that's the raging debate these days. ET gets Snapdeal's Kunal Bahl and Arvind Lifestyle Brands' J Suresh to debate on the relative advantages and sustainability of the two. While Bahl says that digital commerce is redefining the way consumers buy and traders sell, Suresh feels that traditional retail has the advantage of having and developing omnichannel capabilities. Read on to know their take...
Kunal Bahl, CEO of Snapdeal.com
American businessman-motivational speaker Nido Qubein said, "Change brings opportunity." Today, e-commerce has become a topic of discussion in most Indian households. Consumers and businesses, small and large, all have a story about how e-commerce has touched their lives.
There are tectonic shifts that happen once in a few decades. Digital commerce surely is one of them, matched only by the telecom revolution 10 years ago that connected corners of our country like never before.
The retail landscape has changed globally and it is changing in India too. Over a decade ago, it was the large-format stores and malls that redefined the way people shopped in India. Today, it is the digital platforms that are again creating a natural evolution: how people shop and how businesses sell, thus bringing more efficiency in the economy.
Online markets have enabled small sellers, retailers, artisans and weavers to directly take their products to customers. For the first time, people living in the smallest towns of India have access to the same selection of products as their counterparts in the metros. This is the power of the digital commerce. Even large retailers are leveraging the power of digital commerce distribution, to expand into markets where setting up physical stores is not feasible.
A marketplace like Snapdeal has proved to be a significant socioeconomic and geographic equaliser for small businesses in India, who now look at digital commerce as a medium to expand their current market beyond their immediate catchment area. They can now reach a much larger customer base using a fraction of the capital they would require for a traditional offline store expansion. This, clubbed with the low cost of sales and distribution, contributes to higher profits and is creating life-changing experiences for them. This democratisation of markets is helping sellers reach customers globally and reducing the asymmetry of information and products for consumers.
In the past two years, a number of sellers from different parts of the country have grown their businesses 100-fold through our digital marketplace. They are also champions for the sector sharing their experience within their markets and inspiring others to try the medium. Of the total number of sellers on Snapdeal, 30% are women business-owners, and many are first-time entrepreneurs.
E-commerce is not just about merchants and consumers. It is also about enabling businesses that are experiencing tremendous growth. A case in point is the growth of logistics and courier companies, which are on track to employ lakhs of people who are delivering products to homes. In China, we have already witnessed the magic Alibaba has created in this regard, becoming the largest customer for the state-owned China Post, delivering billions of packages a year for them. It is only a matter of time when digital commerce companies contribute to a significant portion of India Post's shipping volumes as well, thus leveraging such significant infrastructure the government has created.
What we are witnessing in India with the growth of digital commerce is something amazing, and is the future, one that will make the tide rise for everyone, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
  J Suresh, MD at Arvind Lifestyle Brands
There is a big debate between online and brickand-mortar retail. Frankly, I think this debate is uncalled for as both brick-and-mortar and online retail have existed and thrived together in developed markets. The main difference is that brick-andmortar companies over a period of time have developed omni-channel capabilities.
In fact, in the United States, of the top 20 retailers selling online, the majority of them are omni-channel retailers who started primarily as brick-and-mortar retailers. There is clearly a lesson to be learnt from this. The recent debate has started mainly on account of high levels of discounting by some of the online retail players. This is a practice that should be definitely stopped in the overall interests of the retail industry. Any business selling at below cost is unsustainable and I am sure that online retailers will quickly realise this — and stop the practice of selling products at predatory prices.
Apart from building unsustainable business models, most of the online retailers sell brands. One has to be conscious of respecting the brand and protecting the integrity of the brand.

Gold falls on weak global cues  profit-bookingGold falls on weak global cues, profit-booking
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Gold futures fell 0.23 per cent to Rs 26,897 per 10 grams today as speculators locked-in gains amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December fell by Rs 61, or 0.23 per cent, to Rs 26,897 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 13 lots.
On similar lines, the metal for delivery in February next year declined by Rs 41, or 0.15 per cent, to Rs 27,044 per 10 grams in 13 lots.
Market analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to profit-booking by speculators and a weak trend overseas.
Meanwhile, gold prices fell to U.S. $ 1,222.37 an ounce in Singapore from U.S. $ 1,224.33 yesterday.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Angry protesters yell at riot police in St. Louis after fatal shooting of black boyProtesters stand arm-in-arm as the confront police wearing riot gear Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014, a day after Vonderrit D. Myers was shot and killed by white, off-duty St. Louis police officer in St. Louis. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | St. Louis | Posted: October 10, 2014 11:51 am
Protesters angered by the fatal shooting of a black 18-year-old by a white police officer faced off with officers in south St. Louis for a second night as accusations of racial profiling prompted calls for a federal investigation ahead of a weekend of planned peaceful rallies.
State and city leaders have urged the Justice Department to investigate the death of Vonderrit D. Myers on Wednesday night, fearing he was targeted because he was black. Police say the officer who killed Myers was returning fire, but Myers’ parents say he was unarmed.
“This here was racial profiling turned deadly,” state Sen. Jamilah Nasheed said at a news conference Thursday.
Myers’ death comes two months after the Aug. 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown, a black unarmed 18-year-old, by a white police officer in nearby Ferguson. Brown’s killing sparked dozens of often violent protests in the St. Louis suburb. A state grand jury is deciding whether Officer Darren Wilson will face charges in his death.
Late on Thursday night following a quiet candlelight prayer vigil for Myers, hundreds of people joined a more rowdy gathering in Shaw to protest his death.
Police in riot gear lined up on a high street, flanked by brand name stores and restaurants. Protesters yelled abuse and profanities to taunt the officers, who silently stood their ground. Police helicopters buzzed above the neighborhood. Officers used pepper spray to force the crowd back.
Some protesters burned the American flag, while others banged on drums and shouted “This is what democracy looks like!” Some slammed the sides of police vans. Broken glass littered the street.
Eventually the protesters backed off, moving a couple of blocks away. Riot police remained in the area.
Activists and other protesters from around the country have been preparing for four days of rallies, marches and protests over the Ferguson shooting. Organizers say the events, which start Friday and include a march Saturday in downtown St. Louis, have taken on added urgency in the wake of Myers’ death.
Police say Myers was both armed and aggressive, using a stolen 9 mm gun to shoot at the officer.
Syreeta Myers said her son was holding a sandwich, not a gun. “Police lie. They lied about Michael Brown, too,” she told The Associated Press by phone Thursday.
St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said the officer spotted Myers and two other males around 7:30 p.m. Wednesday while working a security job and patrolling a neighborhood near the Missouri Botanical Gardens. Dotson said the officer, who was off-duty but wearing his uniform, became suspicious when one of continued…

Aircel-Maxis case: Supreme Court seeks status of CBI probe against ChidambaramPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 11, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 11, 2014 12:55 am
The Supreme Court on Friday asked the CBI to inform it about the status of probe against former Cabinet Minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis case.
A bench led by Chief Justice H L Dattu sought the agency’s reply on October 16 after BJP leader Subramanium Swamy pleaded the bench to ask CBI for a response.
Swamy told the bench that the chargesheet by the CBI in a trial court had indicted alleged involvement of Chidambaram regarding the clearance granted to the Aircel-Maxis deal and hence the agency should be asked to inform it about the progress in the probe.
At this, the bench asked CBI’s counsel K K Venugopal to take note of Swamy’s contention and come back with a response on October 16.
The court also adjourned to October 16 the matter regarding the contentious visitors’ logbook at CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence to enable special prosecutor in the 2G case to complete his written submissions. The logbook purportedly showed frequent visits by accused in Coal and 2G scam cases among others.

Infy Q2 PAT at Rs 3 096 cr | Live updates | Well begun  SikkaYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty below 7900; top stock bets | Infy soars 6%; IT stocks on highYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex under pressure, use dips to enter; top 10 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Oct 10, 2014, 12.05PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some of the intraday losses after falling as much as 336 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in ITC, HDFC, Tata Motors and HDFC Bank.
The fall in the index was in line with other Asian markets which slipped after weak German export data fuelled fears of a deeper recession in Europe which could slow down the global economy.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also plunged below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, weighed down by losses in realty, capital goods, power and banking stocks.
At 11:40 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,387.77, down 249 points or 0.94 per cent. It touched a high of 26555.92 and a low of 26301.38 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7886, down 74 points or 0.93 per cent. It touched a high of 7912.65 and a low of 7854.50 in trade today.
Apart from IT pack, all the other major indices remained under pressure. However, experts feel that any dips should be used to enter markets.
"Given the way individual Nifty components are behaving which means that if CNX IT has reversed its downside and banks anyways was looking up for the last couple of days," said Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"So with that sort of conviction, this dip should be bought and basically day before low of about 7850 odd, 7820-7850, can be held as a stop loss," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever global markets reverse, we should see more upside rather than downside. So this dip according to me should be bought into.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELLL' call with a target of Rs 278 and a stop loss of Rs 295
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2900 and a stop loss of Rs 2780
Hexaware Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3950 and a stop loss of Rs 3839
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 360 and a stop loss of Rs 382
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2270 and a stop loss of Rs 2356
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1700
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 530 and a stop loss of Rs 512
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Angel expects Indian Rupee to trade on mixed noteLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Angel expects Indian Rupee to trade on mixed note
From the intra-day perspective, Indian Rupee is expected to trade on a mixed note on the back of inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets coupled with estimates of favorable industrial production data from the country will support an upside in the currency, says Angel Broking.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Broking's report on rupee
The Indian Rupee traded appreciated the most in single day in last two and gained around 0.5 percent in yesterday’s trading session. The currency appreciated on the back of US Federal Reserve in its minutes on Wednesday hinted towards holding lower interest rates for longer period of time.
Further, inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets supported an upside in the currency. Foreign funds bought around $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt in 2014.
Additionally, IMF revising the India’s growth projection to 5.6 percent in 2014 from earlier estimates of 5.4 percent along with optimistic domestic market sentiments supported an upside in the currency. The currency touched an intra-day high of 60.895 and closed at 61.04 on Thursday.
For the month of September 2014, FII outflows in equities totaled at Rs.801.16 crores ($130.73 million) as on 9th October 2014. Year to date basis, net capital inflows stood at Rs.82636.5 crores ($13750.47 million) as on 9th October 2014.
Outlook
From the intra-day perspective, we expect Indian Rupee to trade on a mixed note on the back of inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets coupled with estimates of favorable industrial production data from the country will support an upside in the currency. While on the other hand, dollar demand from oil and other importers, weak market sentiments along with strength in the DX might cap sharp upside or reversal in the Indian Rupee.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

USDINR October may trade in 60.98-61.5 range: KarvyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USDINR October may trade in 60.98-61.5 range: Karvy
According to Karvy, USDINR October is expected to trade in a range of 60.98-61.5
Post your opinion here
 
Karvy's report on rupee
Rupee made a strong recovery in yesterday’s session after the FOMC minutes were released the night before. Indian rupee spot appreciated by more than 0.5 percent in the day; closing near to the 61.00 mark. Indian equity markets appreciated yesterday by 1.50 percent following global sentiment and renewed optimism in the India story. In terms of data that was released yesterday, Economic data from the Germany came in lower than market expectations raising concerns among investors about the global growth prospects.
Outlook: In today’s morning session, all the Asian markets are trading on a negative note tracking the sudden fall of the US markets. S&P 500 closed at 1928.00 down by more than 2 percent as markets feel uncertain about the Global growth prospects, and this in turn could be having a negative effect on the companies or corporate earnings. SGX Nifty is trading on a negative note down by 60.00 points in early trade this morning.
Dollar index has recouped some of the losses from the last two days rebounding from the low of 85.00, and is currently trading at 85.50. Most of the global currencies have appreciated with respect to the dollar. International currencies are trading on a flat to negative note to the dollar this morning. Euro and Pound are trading at 1.2700 and 1.6122 respectively.
In terms of currency, Asian currencies are trading on a depreciating note with respect to the dollar, reflecting the bounce in the US dollar. On the local front, the NDF 1M Rupee is trading on a depreciating note at 61.45 with a change of almost 15 paisa from yesterday’s close, indicating a negative opening for the Indian currency. There is no major economic data to be released in today’s session. In the evening, Indian industrial production data is to be released, and this is expected to increase to 2.7 percent from 0.5 percent last year.
We expect the Indian rupee to remained confined to a tight range with a bias towards depreciation.
Technical Recommendation:
USDINR Oct: Range 60.98-61.5
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Prof CEO deserves a pat  says  average Joe  NRN MurthyOct 10, 2014, 01.39 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prof CEO deserves a pat, says 'average Joe' NRN Murthy
Infosys on Friday beat street estimates with the July-September quarter net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially (up 28.6 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prof CEO deserves a pat, says 'average Joe' NRN Murthy
Infosys on Friday beat street estimates with the July-September quarter net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially (up 28.6 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Infosys  on Friday beat street estimates with the July-September quarter net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially (up 28.6 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth. CNBC-TV18 spoke to founder member NR Narayana Murthy to know more about the company and his expectations going ahead.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Congratulations to you as well because a lot of what we have seen delivered in this quarter is on account of the initiatives that you had taken in the strategy that you had put in place but how do you feel today seeing Vishal Sikka deliver his first quarter performance?
A: First of all, let us give Vishal Sikka the credit that is due. Whatever has happened, is first his performance and then anything else. Second, he has brought a sense of positivism, a sense of confidence, therefore, this is Vishal’s day and I am very happy that the Professor CEO as I called him in front of you, has started off extremely well, my congratulations to him.
Q: Let me ask you about your decision not to be Chairman Emeritus, you said that there will be - you want to avoid any conflict of interest hence you told the board that you would not like to take on that position and the board has accepted your decision, why?
A: I am a person who believes in a vision just like Vishal. I always keep trying new models and last in 2011 I chose to be Chairman Emeritus and this time I said, look let me see what it is to be just an average Joe. So I will be an average Joe starting today and I just want to see what that is like, nothing more nothing less.
Q: Speaking of being just a shareholder of Infosys because you along with Kris Gopalakrishnan have written to the market regulator seeking clarity on how you should or your shareholding should be classified because you are classified as a promoter but you are no longer dealing with the company in any executive form or fashion. What do you hope for on that front and what kind of clarity are you looking for?
A: I don’t know. We have just expressed it to the company and the company will do whatever is necessary to accept our request or who knows they may reject our request.
Q: Would you not like to be classified in the promoter category any longer?
A: That is our request. In my opinion, the word promoter is an archaic concept, is an outdated concept. It is predominantly an Indian concept and is not part of the parlance or discussions on modern corporate governance. Therefore, we said, what is this? It doesn’t make sense. So why should we be called promoters when we have no position in the company, we are not part of the board, we are not part of daily operations? As people we have always espoused modern corporate governance so I said let us try this too nothing else.
Q: Let me ask you about Vishal Sikka’s strategy and he says that he wants to position Infosys as a next generation services company and he also wants to focus more and more on innovation, artificial intelligence, automation etc. Do you believe that moving away from this cost arbitrage model that Indian IT services company has been pursuing all this while, do you believe it is a risky strategy, do you believe it is a strategy that will pay off perhaps not in the short-term but at least in the long-term?
A: No, his theme - as better than I do - is all about renewing and the new ideas. This means he will bring powerful ideas of innovation in technology into making the existing services, add much greater value to the customer and at the same time, improve productivity within the company, so that we can compete even more effectively in the market. So I don’t think he said anything that is against doing what we do today better.
Q: But do you believe that on the basis of what you have seen from Vishal Sikka in terms of future strategy that Infosys will be able to get back to industry leading growth rates or at least on par with industry growth rates?
A: No, I am just a shareholder and therefore, it is not for me to pronounce judgements on these things. He has articulated his vision, which is strategic and he is going to do lots of things within now and next two-three years that he had talked about. Therefore, how can I comment on any of those?
As somebody who has great admiration for intelligence, great admiration for high education, for research, I am an unadulterated admirer of Vishal. Therefore, I have tremendous admiration and respect for him and therefore I believe he will succeed.
Q: You are not the sort of person I know who looks at life in terms of regrets and disappointments but were you disappointed with the kind of reactions you got from the issue of Rohan Murthy joining Infosys along with you even though you had clearly articulated that his term was co-terminus with you?
A: No, we should not rewind the clock and get back to the past. I have tremendous respect for you people. You people have your perspective, I have my perspective.
You have a mandate to make sure that people watch your channel or people read newspapers. So you do things that you think in your perspective are right but there may be variant from what the reality is. So let us say that and leave it and let us move forward.
Q: Speaking of moving forward, since you are positioning yourself as the average Joe, what is NR Narayana Murthy going to do with his time?
A: I am on the board of Rhodes Trust, on the board of Ford Foundation in New York, of Oxford, Tokyo University, so there are many things that I am doing, I am travelling, my grandchildren are in London.
Q: Investing in start-ups in a big way through Catamaran Ventures?
A: Yes, certainly.

Infosys posts robust growth in second quarterInfosys posts robust growth in second quarter
Sensex under pressure  use dips to enter; top 10 intraday trading ideasSensex under pressure  use dips to enter; top 10 intraday trading ideas
Oil marketing companies gain as Brent crude prices hit 4-year lowOil marketing companies gain as Brent crude prices hit 4-year low
AIADMK functionary wants Jayalalithaa to quit as party General SecretaryAIADMK functionary wants Jayalalithaa to quit as party General Secretary
Sensex plunges 266 points on weak global cuesSensex plunges 266 points on weak global cues
Can transform Infy into next generation services co: SikkaCan transform Infy into next generation services co: Sikka
Punjab National Bank revises interest rates on single domestic term depositsPunjab National Bank revises interest rates on single domestic term deposits
Cyclone Hudhud LIVE: Storm to Turn  Very Severe  in 12 Hours  Says Met DepartmentCyclone Hudhud LIVE: Storm to Turn  Very Severe  in 12 Hours  Says Met Department
High Court rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6 percent at Rs 3 096 crore  beats forecastsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In pics: A temple in Andhra Pradesh where devotees go to kill or be killedComments
There is a temple in Andhra Pradesh where devotees go all equipped to kill or be killed. Every Dussehra night, the Devaragattu temple in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh witnesses frenzy where hundreds of men wielding long sticks (lathis) hit each other on heads.
The event, called Banni festival, at the temple located near the Andhra-Karnataka border, draws people from both states in huge numbers. The ritual takes place at midnight when the procession idols of the ruling deities Malamma (Parvati) and Malleshwara Swamy (Shiva) are brought down the hill temple at Neraneki.
Men, mostly farmers, do not budge even as their white shirts are drenched red with blood and the “victory parade” to commemorate the killing of a demon by Mala-Malleshwara continues till the break of dawn.
A scene from the Banni festival. HT photo
Medical teams are deployed and doctors ready to stitch heads but many just smear turmeric on the wound and go about the business.
Temple authorities refute any suggestion of violence in the whole episode.
“It is like dandiya only that we use large sticks. Devotees are charged at that time and in the swirling of the sticks some get hurt,” Ramkumar Shastri, a priest at the temple tells HT. “In olden days, it used to be axes, spears etc.”
The ritual in the region once under the Vijayanagara Empire is said to be centuries old and according to a local police official, has one hundred years of recorded history.
Banni festival. HT photo
The records though do not show many deaths. According to the district police 113 were injured in 2012, 34 in 2013. On Friday night, 56 were injured. A man was killed in 2006 but police say it was a revenge killing committed with the ritual as a cover-up.
Kurnool SP Ake Ravikrishna says that they conduct awareness camps, clampdown on arrack sale and bind over the anti-social elements but on the Dussehra night, about 1,000 police personnel at the venue are mostly limited to the audience as the sentiments and tempers run high.
Here are some more pictures from the festival:

Column: Reforming RailwaysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centre plays hardball  rejects states riders for rolling out GSTE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi government s Make in India gets firepower with LUH dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Politics without oppositionUpdated: October 9, 2014 01:26 IST
Politics without opposition
religion and belief
In the new political mode, the universalism and integrative capacity of the development discourse sits well with the homogenisation of the cultural sphere, and therefore with the project of radical Hinduisation
The new political dispensation is caught between two visible political discourses that do not look compatible at the moment but the political experiment to find a middle ground that obliterates the tension between them is on. The conflict is between development and governance on the one hand and communalism on the other, where the former is ostensibly universal and all-inclusive, while the latter is divisive, discriminatory and sectarian.
The possible way to balance this is to browbeat the religious minorities in terms of their claims to an independent cultural identity and visible religious practices; thus the announcement by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief that “all Indians are Hindus” or Narendra Modi’s refusal to wear the skullcap, while making appeals to Muslims and attempts to reach out to them to be a part of the new development agenda. Therefore, it is important to claim that Muslims in Gujarat are better off than under any other government that claims to be secular. This resonates with the slogan that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) went to the polls with — “Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas.”
Onus on minorities
Cultural subjugation is sought to be made good through economic integration. This trade-off also lays the onus on Muslims to carry out internal reforms within their community to be eligible to be a part of the modern education and economic opportunities available due to ongoing market reforms and efficient governance. Here the claims to a separate cultural identity begin to look out of place since it can be very easily perceived not only as anti-development but also as anti-national in its “refusal” to get integrated, thereby becoming obstructionist to modern development.
This further leads to the BJP’s claims that while it is prepared to integrate the religious minorities, it is they who are unprepared to do so. If there is tension between communities or between the discourse of the government and the minority community, the blame can squarely be laid on the latter. In this new mode, the universalism and integrative capacity of the development discourse sits well with the homogenisation of the cultural sphere, and therefore with the project of radical Hinduisation. Further, secular discourse here signifying protective policies and social welfare schemes for specific communities can easily be made to look like appeasement and unsustainable doles, in place of an efficient and robust economy. Secularism is therefore an outmoded discourse of the Nehruvian era that holds back economic advancement.
This logic however does not or cannot be limited to the religious minorities but needs to necessarily be inclusive of the Other Backward Classes (OBC), Dalits and also tribals. In only such an inclusion can the discourse look universal and all encompassing. It is in order to make this adjustment that the BJP has to reach out to OBCs, Dalits and tribals. It is this project which is visible in the anointment of Mr. Modi as the prime ministerial candidate of the BJP, signifying a process of the Bahujanisation of the Hindu right-wing party. The BJP, as is widely believed, is the first party to have taken upon itself to make an OBC the Prime Minister, unlike all other mainstream political parties, including the Left parties. Representation trumps all other forms of pursuing social justice. It is to further this very mode of pursuing a new kind of politics that Mr. Bhagwat has recently and for the first time publicly supported the policy of reservations for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes at an event in Delhi marked by the release of three volumes on the history of three Scheduled Castes that included the Balmikis, the Khatiks and the Charmakars.
Equality is alien
These volumes have been authored by Vijay Sonkar Shastri, a Dalit and a former MLA with the BJP from Uttar Pradesh. They broadly make the claim that there was no untouchability in the Vedic ages and it was a later day practice that came into existence with the “Muslim invaders.” The volumes further claim that while the Khatiks were originally Brahmins, the Balmikis and the Charmakars were Khastriyas. Since these were the warrior communities which refused to convert to Islam, they were assigned menial jobs such as scavenging, dealing with leather and sweeping. Some of them were prisoners of war who were forced to do manual work and forcefully segregated from the rest of the society, and thereby introduced to the hitherto unknown practice of untouchability.
The volume on Charmakars claims that the word “chamar” is an Arabic word, denoting those dealing with leather work. It was with the advent of the British, colonial rule and the process of codification, that the practice of untouchability against the depressed classes came to be rigid. The volumes make a further claim that Buddhism, Sikhism and Jainism are all variants of Hinduism; therefore, there were no forced conversions in any of these religions; in fact, even Brahmins willingly converted to these “forms” of practising Hinduism. The volumes make a further plea to write a more detailed history of the tribals also (which the RSS has already taken up). As these were the communities that also resisted attempts at conversion but were unable to resist the might of the “Muslim invaders,” they chose to run away into the forests in order to protect themselves. It is these Hindu communities that began to inhabit forests that are the tribes of today and who have been deprived of the benefits of modern development.
The volumes suggest an interesting way out of the current logjam. They argue that the idea of equality is alien to our culture as it promotes antagonism, and what our civilisation is based on is cultural diversity. Therefore, what we need is not equality — Samantha, but Samarastha — social harmony. The volumes further suggest that by repeatedly referring to certain castes as being Dalits, we only further reinforce their demeaned status. Instead, we need to look at the history of how they have come to be one and pull them out. Therefore, we need to preserve our cultural and community differences but also fight against untouchability, resonating the Gandhian strategy (which partly explains the newfound love of the current dispensation for Gandhi). We also need to celebrate the glorious legends of/in each of the castes in order to restore to them their original pride in Hindu society. These volumes clearly reflect a move towards a de-Brahmanising of the Hindu religion by finding a place of pride for Dalit castes, while blaming the Muslim rulers and not the Hindu sacred scripts or ritual hierarchy or other Brahmanical practices.
New opportunities
While development and governance promise to be inclusive of everyone including the tribals and also Muslims — even if they are reminded against brandishing their religious symbols as that alone is arguably the cause of communal tensions — a de-Brahmanised Hinduisation that talks of Samarastha is sought to be inclusive of all caste groups.
The recent shift in leadership in the BJP is a pointer to this, and undoubtedly presents new opportunities to the caste groups that were perhaps kept at some distance in the past by the BJP that was known as the Brahmin-Bania party. It was in this context that Dalit-Bahujan scholar Kancha Ilaiah, in a recent interview, remarked that “if Modi starts the liberation of backward classes, castes and tribes, he can become a cult-figure for backwards” and can be comparable to Abraham Lincoln. With no effective imagination outside modern development and growth, and little reason to have effective opposition to a more representative and de-Brahmanised Hindusim pursued by the BJP-RSS combine, there is a clear possibility of moving towards a new kind of politics without opposition. There is no doubt that the current dispensation is being reasonable in expecting itself to be playing a long innings.
(Ajay Gudavarthy and Sudhir Kumar Suthar are Assistant Professors at the Centre for Political Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.)

Flipkart  Snapdeal discounts: As online-offline dispute intensifies  govt to refereeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart s discount saleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dr Reddy s  Sun Pharma among 14 firms probed by US Congress over generic drug priceDr Reddy's, Sun Pharma among 14 firms probed by US Congress over generic drug price
PTI | Washington | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 07:57  IST
Oct 09 2014, 07:57  IST
 

Last Infosys co-founder retires from companyPrint
Bangalore, Oct 8 (IANS) Global software major Infosys Ltd. Wednesday bid farewell to S. Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is popularly known, on retiring from the firm he co-founded with the IT industry's iconic figures N.R. Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani.
With Kris retiring as the last of the six co-founders at the helm, the 33-year-old IT bellwether is being steered by its first non-founder chief executive and managing director Vishal Sikka since Aug 1.
"Computers have become ubiquitous and created a large industry, both in products and services. The internet has connected the world. I have been fortunate to be part of this industry for the last 35 years of its 70 years," a visibly emotional Kris said on the occasion at the $8.3-billion company's sprawling green campus in the electronic city.
Besides Murthy and Nilekani, other three co-founders N.S. Raghavan, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh were present at the farewell function and to celebrate their contributions and achievements.
"I was fortunate that my passion for computing became my profession. I was also able to make an impact in this industry through Infosys, through innovations we pioneered and jobs we created," Kris recalled.
Terming farewell to Kris a unique event in corporate India, Murthy said the country did not see in the past and probably may not in future a set of founders who nurtured their creation with care, sacrifice and passion for 33 years and passed it with equanimity to outsiders.
"We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs.28.5 crore when it was listed in 1993 on the Bombay Stock Exchange to Rs.200,000 crore in 2014, with an astronomical return of 650,000 percent over 21 years -- a CAGR of 89 percent," a beaming Murthy told thousands of Infoscions who joined the founders at the event.
"We also leave with the distinction of creating several firsts in good corporate governance in India and the world," he added.
Nilekani, who succeeded Murthy as the chief executive in 2002, said building client relationships, based on intimacy and empathy, ranked among his top three priorities for business organisations.
He said: "Intimacy is not only knowing your client, but also your ticket to mindshare. Anyone who has business experience will tell that mindshare always precedes marketshare or wallet. This is the reason why a number of chief executives at global organisations voice their commitment to 'listening on the job'."
Shibulal, the last founder chief executive who quit July 31, eight months before superannuation in March 2015, said the co-founders always believed that an idea without execution had little value.
"Innovation for us is not about the next big idea but a focus on executing it to add value to all stakeholders, including clients, employees, investors and society," he noted.
Recalling that he was fortunate to have steered the company's human capital during the first two decades of its growth phase, Raghavan said the tagline of Infosys -- "powered by intellect, driven by values" - had put huge responsibility on the co-founders to build resource teams and nurture a value-driven culture.
He said: "I salute the first generation of Infoscions who deserve to be given a lion's share of credit for laying a strong edifice and building on it to grow and succeed since then."
As the youngest co-founder then, Dinesh, who headed quality division, said total quality made them succeed as an organisation and set on the path of pursuing excellence.
"We earned the trust of all stakeholders from employees, clients, partners, industry, and government to society. This trust is an intangible, yet invaluable asset, and reflects the success of the quality journey," he added.
 

Shares of BHEL surge after bagging Rs 7800 cr projectShares of BHEL surge after bagging Rs 7800 crore power project
Indulal PM        Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:02 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) gained 4.65 per cent on Thursday after the company won a Rs 7800 crore ($1.28 billion) contract for a power project.
The contract value is almost 7-8 per cent of its outstanding order book, said the dealers.
The shares of BHEL were trading at Rs 211.60 on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)a piece per scrip, up 9.65 points at 12:33pm.
(Reuters)

Himachal Pradesh: Kullu Dussehra ends without animal sacrificeTo avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Kullu | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:35 pm
In a major departure from an age-old tradition, no animal sacrifice was made at the famous Kullu Dussehra at the end of the week-long religious festival, involving congregation of hundreds of deities at Dhalpur ground.
The Himachal Pradesh High Court last month had imposed a ban on animal sacrifices at temples, religious fairs and festivals in the state and had issued directions to all Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to enforce the order strictly.
To avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan.
Dev Samaj, a body of caretakers of local deities, had filed an appeal in the Supreme Court but did not get any relief as the case came up for hearing on Wednesday leaving no option for the oracles and caretakers to abide by the HC order.
Deputy Commissioner of Kullu Rakesh Kanwar told The Indian Express that awareness created by the local administration through hoardings, posters and pamphlets apart from meetings with Maheshwar Singh – erstwhile Raja of Kullu who is also the head caretaker of Lord Rangunath ji (presiding deity) – and other representative of the deities helped to handle the situation.
“No violation of the High Court happened at the venue which is marked for the animal sacrifice. I thank the representatives of deities particularly the royal family of Kullu for cooperation,” said Kanwar.

Not seeking everyone s vote:  love jihad  campaigner has his target rightComments
A four-time Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) legislator and former state minister from communally sensitive Akola takes pride in calling himself the original campaigner against "Love Jihad".
In all seriousness, Govardhan Sharma, 59, says no interaction should be allowed between Hindu girls and Muslim boys; girls should not be allowed the use of mobile phones and should have a stricter dress code. Worse, Hindu women should not be allowed to go grocery shopping.
Sharma's efforts have yielded political dividends. Akola is seen as the BJP's safest seat in the district. Dressed in a white vest and a lungi, Sharma speaks softly and slowly about "Love Jihad", a term coined by right-wing groups to denote marriage between Hindu girls and Muslim boys and alleged subsequent conversion of the girl. His conversations and speeches are peppered with references to people of the two religions as 'us' and 'them.
"It's only now that the media and the world have woken up to this. I have been raising this issue for years now and have 'rescued' thousands of our girls from their clutches," Sharma told Hindustan Times at his residence.
According to Sharma, the 'fault' lies with Hindu women. "Their women are careful about only revealing their eyes to men," says Sharma.
Sharma is soon joined by members of the local Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP). "I consider myself a VHP candidate," says Sharma, as he prepares to fight from the Akola West constituency for a fifth term on a BJP ticket. Sharma and the other VHP members list out instances where Hindu women have been 'trapped'.
Are there any official complaints? One of the VHP members says, "Many a time, we rescue the women and end the matter. At times when women do go to lodge complaints, the cops refuse to note them down."
BJP candidate Govardhan Sharma addresses a public meeting at Sinddhi Camp in Akola-Vidharbha.(Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)

Japan Plus  team to fast track investmentsOct 09, 2014, 08.46 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Japan Plus' team to fast track investments
During the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan, the country had offered to invest USD 33.5 billion over the next five years by way of public-private partnership and overseas development assistance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Japan Plus' team to fast track investments
During the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan, the country had offered to invest USD 33.5 billion over the next five years by way of public-private partnership and overseas development assistance.
Post your opinion here
 
In order to facilitate investments from Japan, the Industry Ministry has set up a team called 'Japan Plus' comprising officials of both the governments.
The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) has set up a special management team to facilitate and fast track investment proposals from Japan, said an official statement.
During the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan, the country had offered to invest USD 33.5 billion over the next five years by way of public-private partnership and overseas development assistance.
    
"Japan Plus has been operationalised with effect from October 8, 2014. Japan Plus will be coordinated by Kenichiro Toyofuku from METI and will comprise of four Indians and two Japanese officials," the statement added.
    
METI is Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
The mandate of the 'Japan Plus' team runs through the entire spectrum of investment promotion, research, outreach, promotion, facilitation and aftercare.
    
The team will support the Indian government in initiating, attracting, facilitating, fast tracking and handholding Japanese investments across sectors.
The team will also be responsible for providing updated information on investment opportunities across sectors, in specific projects and in industrial corridors in particular.
"In addition, the Japan Plus team will identify prospective Japanese companies, including, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and facilitate their investments in India," it added.
    
Besides, India has also constituted a core group chaired by Cabinet Secretary on India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership. This group will comprise of Chairman, Railway Board, Foreign Secretary and Secretaries of DIPP, Revenue, Economic Affairs, Financial Services, Urban Development, Information Technology and others.
This group will co-ordinate and closely monitor the process to ensure that investments from Japan as envisaged in India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership are facilitated in various sectors and opportunities of investment and technology transfer are fully exploited, the statement added.
Japan is the fourth largest FDI contributor to India, with major interests in pharmaceuticals, automobiles and services sectors and accounts for 7.46 percent of total FDI equity inflows into India.
RELATED NEWS

Competition concerns send Vodafone lowerCompetition concerns send Vodafone lower
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12afa1e6-4fd0-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI Rejects Charges Against UltraTechYou are here: Home Corporates
Fair Trade Regulator Rejects Charges Against UltraTech Cement
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 22:30 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has rejected allegations that Aditya Birla group firm UltraTech Cement indulged in unfair business practices in the market of wholesaling of cement.
A complaint filed by a cement retailer had alleged that UltraTech had violated competition norms by imposing arbitary and unfair terms in the stockist agreement and was also stopping regular supply of cement as well as accepting orders as per its will.
Fair trade regulator CCI in an order released on Thursday said that it was "of the prima facie opinion that no case of contravention of any of the provisions... of the (Competition) Act is made out against the opposite party (UltraTech Cement)".
The complainant had submitted that in the past he was selling cement of UltraTech. However, in 2011 he had started selling other cement brands.
He had alleged that decision to diversify the sale of cement into multi-brand did not go well with
UltraTech and as a result, the firm started imposing various restrictions on the complainant.
According to the complainant, among others, UltraTech had asked him not to deal with other brands of cement and asked him to stop the supply in case the he failed to stop dealing in other brands of cement immediately. In its order, the competition watchdog noted that UltraTech was not dominant in the market for wholesaling cement.
It also said that due to existence of competitive forces at the manufacturers and the stockists level, the stockist agreement "did not seem to cause any appreciable adverse effect on competition in India", among others.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 21:42 (IST)

Videos: Driving the Pentagons high-tech vehicle of the futureBy Dan Lamothe October 9 Follow @danlamothe
The Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced in August that it is pursuing a new, high-tech project that would develop a vehicle capable of not only reducing the size and weight of combat vehicles by 50 percent, but boost speed by 100 percent and vastly reduce the enemy’s ability to detect it coming.
The Ground X-Vehicle Technology Program was conceived to get the U.S. military away from using heavily armored vehicles, which have saved thousands of lives in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan, but are heavy, rollover-prone and expensive.
DARPA just released a new video showing five concepts that could come into play. A closed vehicle cockpit would include: flash warnings about what it is going on outside: route planning that would show the safest ways to drive; sensors that would track both partner forces and enemies and visualize them; the ability to assess terrain ahead; and autopilot that can take over routine driving and allow operators to focus on more important jobs, the agency said.
It’s the second concept video released by DARPA since announcing the program. In September, the agency released another that demonstrated how improved vehicle agility could help avoid bomb blasts and other threats:
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Desire a little action figure of yourself Get a 3D-printed statue selfie49
2
New York: Walk into Eddie DaRoza's office and you'll find two of him there: the actual 32-year-old video producer, and a 5-inch statuette of him.
"There are a lot of double takes. It's like a little action figure of myself," the Los Angeles native said.
He had the statue made on a lark. While waiting for his brother at a mall, he stepped into a studio that scanned his body and sent the scan off to a 3D printer. These studios are popping up rapidly as 3D scanning and printing technology gets more advanced. In New York City alone, there are at least four stores that offer the service, including three just in the past year. You can get scanned in just a few seconds and get your statue delivered in days.
In this August 14, 2014 photo, a plastic bust statue of Kevin Micelli, centre, and his family, made by a 3-D scanner and printer, sits on a shelf inside Micelli's coffee shop in New York.  (AP Photo)
#3d printing #3d selfie #statute selfies
The advent of digital cameras and smartphones killed the traditional mall portrait studio, but 3D printing has sparked a new trend. Overloaded with digital photos, statues may be moving in to fulfil our desire for portraits that stand out.
Many of the customers of the statue studios are parents who want statues of their kids. Sylvain Preumont, who opened a New York branch of his London-based iMakr store this year, said a soldier's wife had their three children scanned so he could bring them to Afghanistan. Victor De Los Angeles, owner of New York 3D printing and scanning store Cubo, has scanned several pregnant women.
"I had a lady come in the day before she went into labour and she was like: 'I need it done today,' "he said.
New York's Museum of Art and Design offered scans and statues earlier this year. Shapeways, the company that supplied the exhibit, said it scanned about 6,000 people and sold about 1,500 statues for $30. Woody Allen got himself scanned there, so it's now possible to buy a 3.5-inch statue of a slumping Woody Allen in a cardigan. The Smithsonian Institution scanned President Barack Obama and revealed a 3D printed bust of him this summer. It will be added to the National Portrait Gallery.
The typical 3D-printed statue is printed in full colour in a material known as "sandstone" - really, gypsum powder. It's glued together by colour ink ejected from a head similar to the one found in an inkjet printer. The statues range from three to eight inches tall. The technology allows for a lot of variation in materials. IMakr offered chocolate statues for Easter. For 99 pounds, you got a box with six small chocolate likenesses of yourself.
Big businesses are getting into 3D statuary as well, with Wal-Mart Stores at the forefront. In July, at a newly opened Sam's Club in Montgomery, Illinois, and another outside Fort Worth, Tex., 3D printers scanned shoppers' faces and placed resin printouts of their heads on action figure-sized bodies of one of three Marvel characters. Wal-Mart's British unit, ASDA, starting testing a service in November that lets customers buy 8-inch figurines of themselves for 60 pounds, or $100. The studio is now permanent in one store, and it's been so popular that the company is considering rolling it out to other locations.
"It's become the new family portrait," said ASDA spokesman Russell Craig.
A Staples store in New York scans people's faces and puts them on NBA and Star Trek figurines. The goal of the pilot program is to get small businesses to use Staples for 3D scanning and printing jobs, just like they've provided those services for paper.
One example of what that might look like: A bakery that wants to use statues of the bride and groom as wedding cake toppers would need a printer that cost $60,000 or so, plus the expertise to use it. Staples wants to do that job for them, for $70. Before that can happen, small businesses like bakeries have to learn about the possibilities of 3D printing.
"There's a really big education component that I don't think can be underestimated," said Damien Leigh, senior vice president of business services for the office supplies retailer.
15

Facebook has no near-term plan to make money from WhatsApp: Mark Zuckerberg28
0
New Delhi: Facebook, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give details.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
Mark Zuckerberg, is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.
13

Infosys lights up Dalal Street with bonus issueInfosys lights up Dalal Street with bonus issue
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:21 AM IST
Infosys on Friday kicked off the earnings season with a generous Diwali bonus. Irate investors have more than one reason to rejoice as the company has not only reported better-than-estimated earnings in the September quarter, but has also announced bonus issuance of one share for every one held. The company's shares rose 5.6% in early trade, even as the rest of the market was awash in red. 
 
Other than the unexpected bonus issue, Infosys also surprised the market with its operating metrics for the September quarter. The company, which has lagged the industry in dollar revenue growth, reported a sequential increase of 3.1% in its dollar revenues to $2.2 billion. 
 
This, when even the most optimistic estimate had not ventured beyond the 2% mark. In constant currency terms, the revenue growth was 3.9%. The company may have beaten the Street's muted revenue growth estimates by a long shot, but there is no rerating likely for the stock, as Infy has maintained the full year growth guidance at 7-9% unlike its peers who continue to report double digit revenue growth. The industry is expected to grow between 13-15% in FY15, an estimate that Infosys continues to lag.
 
The sequential growth has largely come from its bread-and-butter business (application development and maintenance). The company has also seen an increase in fixed price projects, which have increased from 40.1% in the June quarter to 41.4% in the September quarter. Sequentially, the share of time and materials projects have fallen from 60% in June to 58.6% per in September.  
 
The total number of active clients have gone up but the company no longer has a single client in the $300 million bucket. During the quarter, the company has signed seven new deals, of which five are in the US.
 
The big surprise, though, has come on the margins front. Even as sales and marketing expenses rose14.4% year-on-year and 5.8% quarter on quarter, the company's managed to expand margins by 100 basis points sequentially to 26.1%. While 0.3% of the improvement has been due to the rupee's depreciation, the rest of the gains have been driven by better operating metrics and jump in utilisation. Utilisation (excluding trainees) has hit a high of 82.3% in the September quarter, against 80.1% in the June quarter. The company says the pricing environment remains stable. 
 
However, the disappointment comes from the fact that the company has not revised its revenue growth guidance for the full financial year. Given the 3.1% QoQ growth in dollar revenues, the company will now need to do 2% sequential growth for the remaining two quarters to meet the 7% revenue growth guidance. And if it has to do 9% revenue growth for the full year, then the sequential growth would need to be 3.4% in the third and fourth quarters.
 

Angry protesters yell at riot police in St. Louis after fatal shooting of blackboyProtesters stand arm-in-arm as the confront police wearing riot gear Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014, a day after Vonderrit D. Myers was shot and killed by white, off-duty St. Louis police officer in St. Louis. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | St. Louis | Posted: October 10, 2014 11:51 am
Protesters angered by the fatal shooting of a black 18-year-old by a white police officer faced off with officers in south St. Louis for a second night as accusations of racial profiling prompted calls for a federal investigation ahead of a weekend of planned peaceful rallies.
State and city leaders have urged the Justice Department to investigate the death of Vonderrit D. Myers on Wednesday night, fearing he was targeted because he was black. Police say the officer who killed Myers was returning fire, but Myers’ parents say he was unarmed.
“This here was racial profiling turned deadly,” state Sen. Jamilah Nasheed said at a news conference Thursday.
Myers’ death comes two months after the Aug. 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown, a black unarmed 18-year-old, by a white police officer in nearby Ferguson. Brown’s killing sparked dozens of often violent protests in the St. Louis suburb. A state grand jury is deciding whether Officer Darren Wilson will face charges in his death.
Late on Thursday night following a quiet candlelight prayer vigil for Myers, hundreds of people joined a more rowdy gathering in Shaw to protest his death.
Police in riot gear lined up on a high street, flanked by brand name stores and restaurants. Protesters yelled abuse and profanities to taunt the officers, who silently stood their ground. Police helicopters buzzed above the neighborhood. Officers used pepper spray to force the crowd back.
Some protesters burned the American flag, while others banged on drums and shouted “This is what democracy looks like!” Some slammed the sides of police vans. Broken glass littered the street.
Eventually the protesters backed off, moving a couple of blocks away. Riot police remained in the area.
Activists and other protesters from around the country have been preparing for four days of rallies, marches and protests over the Ferguson shooting. Organizers say the events, which start Friday and include a march Saturday in downtown St. Louis, have taken on added urgency in the wake of Myers’ death.
Police say Myers was both armed and aggressive, using a stolen 9 mm gun to shoot at the officer.
Syreeta Myers said her son was holding a sandwich, not a gun. “Police lie. They lied about Michael Brown, too,” she told The Associated Press by phone Thursday.
St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said the officer spotted Myers and two other males around 7:30 p.m. Wednesday while working a security job and patrolling a neighborhood near the Missouri Botanical Gardens. Dotson said the officer, who was off-duty but wearing his uniform, became suspicious when one of continued…

US-led coalition ramps up strikes on SyriantownTurkish tanks hold their positions on a hilltop in the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, overlooking the Kobani town, Syria, during fighting between Syrian Kurds and Islamic State group on Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar/ Turkey | Posted: October 10, 2014 11:27 am
The U.S.-led coalition intensified its aerial bombardment of Islamic State positions Thursday in the Syrian border town of Kobani as the extremist group fought street battles with Kurdish forces and reportedly rushed in reinforcements.
The battle for the town near the frontier with Turkey has emerged as a major early test for the air campaign aimed at rolling back and eventually destroying the extremist group.
It has also strained ties between Washington and Ankara over the long-term U.S. strategy in Syria. On Thursday, the U.S. special envoy for the coalition, retired Marine Gen. John Allen, and NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg were in Turkey to press the country to join military operations.
Turkish officials have said that while they do not want Kobani to fall, they will not take on a greater role until the coalition outlines a broader strategy that also includes attacking Syrian President Bashar Assad, who is best positioned to benefit from any rollback of the Islamic State group.
But attacking Assad’s regime “is not the focus of our international coalition and not the focus of our efforts by the United States,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said.
Psaki said Allen and Turkish officials discussed ways to advance the effort against the Islamic State group and said a joint military planning team will visit Ankara early next week.
“Both sides also agreed that we will continue a dynamic and deepening bilateral consultation process across the multiple lines of effort against ISIL, including military support, countering foreign fighters, counter-finance, humanitarian assistance, and de-legitimizing ISIL’s messaging and rhetoric,” she said using and acronym for the Islamic State group.
Turkey also has called for the creation of a buffer zone inside Syria to secure the border, but the White House and Pentagon said Wednesday the U.S. is not considering that option. Such a zone would be costly and complex to enforce.
U.S. officials said Thursday the U.S. is largely talking to Turkey about other things it could do besides inserting ground forces into the fight: allowing U.S. and coalition aircraft to fly over Turkish territory; allowing its air base in Incirlik, some 160 kilometers (100 miles) from the Syrian border, to be used by U.S. or coalition planes or for logistics and training; and equipping moderate Syrian opposition forces fighting to topple Assad.
The officials were not authorized to discuss meetings underway between U.S. and Turkish officials in Ankara and requested anonymity.
The fight for Kobani has brought Syria’s civil war yet again to Turkey’s doorstep, continued…

Aircel-Maxis case: Supreme Court seeks status of CBI probe againstChidambaramPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 11, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 11, 2014 12:55 am
The Supreme Court on Friday asked the CBI to inform it about the status of probe against former Cabinet Minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis case.
A bench led by Chief Justice H L Dattu sought the agency’s reply on October 16 after BJP leader Subramanium Swamy pleaded the bench to ask CBI for a response.
Swamy told the bench that the chargesheet by the CBI in a trial court had indicted alleged involvement of Chidambaram regarding the clearance granted to the Aircel-Maxis deal and hence the agency should be asked to inform it about the progress in the probe.
At this, the bench asked CBI’s counsel K K Venugopal to take note of Swamy’s contention and come back with a response on October 16.
The court also adjourned to October 16 the matter regarding the contentious visitors’ logbook at CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence to enable special prosecutor in the 2G case to complete his written submissions. The logbook purportedly showed frequent visits by accused in Coal and 2G scam cases among others.

Countering Flipkart: Amazon may acquire Jabong | Flipkart offers sops to customersYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong; move a counter to Flipkart's Myntra buy?
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
( A regulatory filing by…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is in preliminary talks to buy Jabong, part of the US-based online retailer's plan to bolster its presence selling fashion products, four people aware of the discussions told ET.
Jabong is one of the fashion portals that Amazon is interested in acquiring, and Jabong has other suitors, the sources said, cautioning that a deal is not imminent. A regulatory filing by Rocket Internet, which incubated Jabong, put the value of the fashion portal at 388 million euros, or $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore).
A person with direct knowledge of negotiations said that Jabong is holding out for much more — at least $700 million. Amazon said it does "not comment on anything we may or may not do in the future". Jabong did not reply to emailed questions.
Deal to be complicated
"After Myntra got acquired by Flipkart, Jabong is the ideal candidate," said a person who is working closely with Amazon on the negotiation. A big chunk of the $2 billion that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has promised to invest in India is meant for acquisitions, this person said. Amazon is battling leader Flipkart for dominance in one of the world's fastest-growing markets for online retail, expected to reach Rs 50,000 crore by 2016 according to consultancy Crisil .
Last month, Bezos told ET that the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion and that fashion was one of the "exciting frontiers" for the Seattlebased company. Jabong, which counts Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik among its investors, is the secondlargest fashion portal in India after Myntra, which was acquired by Flipkart in May for an estimated value of $370 million.
According to industry estimates, the Flipkart-Myntra combine has a market share of over 50% in fashion retail and Jabong 25%. Fashionara and Limeroad are the other significant fashion portals. ET has not been able to establish if they are in talks with Amazon. For Amazon, getting it right in India is vital to its fortunes, especially because its presence in China is negligible where Alibaba dominates.
And the key to getting it right in India lies in fashion, the fastest-growing category for online retailers. According to retail consultancy Technopak, fashion accounts for 25% of the online retail industry's sales. To boot, operating margins in fashion are around 35% in an industry where gross margins are in negative territory.
Amazon India started offering fashion products on its marketplace in May, and an acquisition offers a swift route to scaling up. In the United States, Amazon chose a similar strategy to improve its fashion credentials by buying Zappos in 2009. Shares of UK-based clothing portal Asos have been on the rise after rumours of an acquisition by Amazon.
A deal with Jabong, while it may be desirable, will be complicated, said a source who is directly involved in the talks. The complication arises from the fact that in September, investors Rocket and Kinnevik began the process of merging five of their international fashion ecommerce companies, including Jabong, into a single global entity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is there a conspiracy behind lower crude oil...Is there a conspiracy behind lower crude oil prices?
Oct 10, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(But with the predicted weaker…)
By Akhil Handa
In John Milton's words - "luck is the residue of design". With the oil prices having declined $25/bbl since mid-June high of US$115/bbl, Modi government seems to be getting lucky. As Indian crude import basket eases, the government seems to be rejoicing - import bill decreases, CAD eases, oil price pressure wanes off (and more importantly does not put upward pressure to do the politically difficult task of increasing pump prices). It also helps contain inflation, keeps the vote-bank happy, a possible reflection of which we will see in the results of the upcoming Haryana and Maharashtra election .
Support global economic growth:
But what exactly is causing the oil price to ease off the way it is -Adam Smith's invisible hand or Uncle Sam's (and coteries)? The IEA last month has pared off its oil demand growth forecast citing weaker economic growth and with IMF further reducing its global growth forecast to 3.3 per cent (from 3.7 per cent prediction in April), the IEA which relies on IMF's global growth forecast for its economic model, would follow suit.
But with the predicted weaker global economic growth and evident oversupply in the global oil market, why are the major oil producers not cutting back on production to tighten the market? In fairness Saudi did adjust down its production by 408kBOPD in August, but seems to be inclined to maintain its market share for now than keeping the prices elevated.
Is there benevolence at play to support the global economic growth? Remember a $10/bbl lesser oil price translates into a (lesser) wealth transfer of $330 billion a year from consuming to producing countries. This line of thought I doubt - remember there was no soft heart in the much more difficult years of 2010-13, so I remain a skeptic if that indeed were the case today.
Russian roulette:
There is market chatter around a larger conspiracy at work. As with almost everything unexplained in the murky world of oil and trust me, there's enough of that, there seems to be a Middle Eastern actor- Saudi in this case, along with a cold-war style US-Russia angle. This time around it is Saudi not cutting the production and US increasing production to contain Russia, which derives almost half of its revenue through oil and oil-linked gas sales.
According to Sberbank CIB, if oil prices average the current level of $90, then Russia would run a 1.2 per cent budget deficit in 2015 and needs oil to be at about $104 to balance its budget. US and EU have already imposed sanctions on Russia as a reprisal of Russia's Crimea annexation and Eastern Ukraine overtures, and this move would largely fishtail with the current day sentiment.
The upper hand:
However the plot thickens with another conspiracy theory doing the rounds - this time around Saudi avenging the disturbance of its stable oil prices regime. The Saudi has seen the oil price stable through international geo-political crisis, first by increasing production to accommodate Iran, Syria and Sudan's decreasing production and then by accommodating Iraq's rising production. Saudi has acted as the only global swing producer, which was in control of both its oil production and economy to maintain the price stability.
However with the increase in US oil production- up almost 70 percent in the last 6 years and at its highest since 1986, the Saudi's ability to maintain stability has been considerably impacted. In a bid to restore balance Saudi could be playing its cost advantage against the higher cost shale oil producers. In this scenario, Saudi will perhaps have to let oil prices slide to $75-80 and let it stay there for a while for some US drillers to move out of the businesses and hence pricing power to get restored back with Saudi.
Saudi has already made the first move by reducing its benchmark official selling price to levels lower than the 2008 levels. The adjustment to selling price can be a precursor to major adjustments to production, which will have to eventually follow in case the demand scenario remains weak, in contrast to many market observers belief that Saudi will be able to maintain its market share.
In both the scenarios, the net impact on oil prices will be negative for the coming few quarters, which bodes well for the global growth and specifically for India, which imports about three-fourths of its oil requirement.
However the government now needs to take cognizance of the global oil market developments and develop a view on where they believe the prices are headed. The diesel prices in India are already Rs. 2 more than what they should be and the government seems to be reluctant to seize the opportunity to liberalize diesel prices.
As for PM Modi and Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, all's well till you have it but remember Brandon Mull's gilded advice- "luck has a way of evaporating when you lean on it."
Akhil Handa is the founding member of CAG and former Asian energy analyst with JP Morgan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why long-term investors should stay invested...Why long-term investors should stay invested in Infosys
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.28PM IST
(Contrary to the expectation…)
Infosys under its new leadership seems to be marching ahead in the right direction. A while ago, the company announced its September quarter financials, which were slightly better than the consensus of analysts' estimates. Moreover, it also issued bonus shares signalling the management's confidence in the future growth.
However, contrary to the expectation of some analysts, the company did not revise the full year dollar revenue growth guidance of 7-9%. But, that need not disappoint long-term investors.
Here's why it makes sense to stay invested in the stock if you believe in the long-term, value driven investing:
The bonus issue: Infosys has declared one bonus share for every existing share and 1:1 stock dividend for American Depository Shares. Technically, an issue of a bonus shares does not have any material impact on the shareholder since the share price will be adjusted once the process of allotment of bonus shares begins, i.e. after the record date. But, it does offer an insight into what the management is thinking of the future growth. This is because bonus shares increase the capital base of the company since a chunk of surplus profit in the balance sheet is converted into equity. A company that pays dividends regularly and has a responsible management will do this only when it is confident that it would be able to serve this larger capital base through dividends, and buybacks of shares in the future.
Sustained business momentum in the US and Europe: Growth in these two key markets sustained during the September quarter on a sequential basis. The US grew by 3.1% and Europe by 4.2%. While the growth in the financial services vertical continued to stay tepid at 1.2%, other verticals such as manufacturing and energies, utilities, communications and services was buoyant.
Attrition: Attrition touched a high of 20.1% during the September 2014 quarter compared with 19.5% a quarter ago and 17.3% a year ago. This is expected to decrease in the coming quarters considering the efforts of CEO Vishal Sikka to retain talent. According to recent media reports, the management had undertaken revision of senior management salaries. The company also gave promotions to 12,000 employees during the September quarter apart from giving 100% of variable pay to all employees.
Operating performance: Infosys has been posting subdued growth compared with what some of its bigger and smaller peers have been reporting and also lower than the industry average. This is expected to change albeit slowly. To begin with, the company has been able to keep the fall in its operating margin under check. In the September quarter, it reported a margin of 26.1%, a 100 basis points improvement over the previous quarter. The days for which sales was outstanding were 63, an improvement over 67 days a quarter ago.
Strong cash management: Infosys has over $4.5 billion (close to Rs 28,000 crore) of cash and equivalents. Its cash generation from operations has also remained strong over the years. With focus on growth, the new management is in the process of finding the right opportunities to deploy the cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs put in 47% of India equity in defensives; room for valuation expansion limitedYou are here: Home > Collections
FIIs put in 47% of India equity in defensives but room for valuation expansion seen limited
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.26AM IST
(However, analysts say these…)
Defensive stocks, or stocks of companies whose performance is not tied to the larger economic cycle, caught the attention of foreign institutional investors in the quarter to September due to the massive outperformance compared with cyclical stocks as well as earnings upgrades.
However, analysts say these stocks, much like their cyclical counterparts, do not have much room left for expansion in terms of valuation. Therefore, these stocks need to deliver solid growth figures to maintain the momentum. During the 3-month period, defensive stocks gained 28.70% on average while cyclical stocks delivered just 3.18% returns.
In August alone, FIIs deployed nearly 47% of their investment in Indian equities in defensive stocks. Saifullah Rais of Kotak institutional equities wrote in a note that cyclical stocks underperformed defensive stocks during the quarter, with only automobiles among the cyclical sectors outperforming the BSE-30 index during the period.
"Information technology and pharmaceuticals were the other sectors to post strong gains over the past three months. Market performance preceded any substantial change in earnings expectations during the period," the note said, adding that cyclical stocks saw consensus earnings revised downwards, with only consumer discretionary sectors and healthcare along with a few others, seeing upward earnings revisions.
Solid results for the 3-month period will be required in these rerated sectors to maintain the momentum, Rais said in the note. Minus automobiles, cyclical stocks delivered just 1.13% returns during the quarter. Among the defensive stocks, Cipla gained the maximum at 63%, followed by Lupin with 49% gain. In the IT sector, stocks such Infosys, Tech Mahindra and TCS gained 27-29% which Nifty gained just 10% during the period. The outperformance of defensive stocks can be attributed to two main factors.
First, the uncertainty over when US Federal Reserve will start scaling back its record low benchmark interest rates prompted investors to turn to less risky equity assets. This resulted in FIIs increasing their equity allocation towards defensive stocks. According to NSDL data, FII invested $909 million in Indian equities in August.
Of this, FIIs invested $435 million in defensive stocks from sectors such as pharmaceuticals, information technology and consumer staples. In the second fortnight of August, FIIs deployed 27.5% of their total investment in the IT sector. Second, the valuation premium offered to defensive stocks over cyclical stocks reduced considerably after cyclical stocks gained substantially in the preceding quarter.
This looked untenable in absence of supporting earnings upgrades. The valuation premium between the defensive and cyclical stocks came down 45% in June compared to historical average of nearly 80%. As alarm bells started ringing in the global equities market, investors started reducing exposure to the cyclical stocks.
As a result, FIIs sold nearly $188 million of capital goods sector stocks in August after receiving nearly $454 million of inflows in the previous six months. "The biggest fear of increasing FII allocation in the defensive stocks such as IT, pharma and consumer staples would be that benchmark indices would not fall significantly as weight of these defensive sectors is quite high, though on the broader market we will see more downside in case global risk-off trades continue," said a fund manager.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cairn India shares fall; HSBC cuts to "underweight"Cairn India shares fall; HSBC cuts to "underweight"
Reuters |  Oct 10, 2014 11:04 AM IST
Shares of Cairn India Ltd
fell 3.2%
as HSBC downgrades the stock to "underweight" from "neutral" and says production from key oil field in Rajasthan will peak in fiscal year 2016.
Taking into account other production forecasts, HSBC says Cairn's earnings may have already peaked in fiscal year 2014.
 

CAIT wants crack down against ecommerce cos Amazon  Snapdeal  Flipkart  predatory  discountsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Firing de-escalates along IB | View: India can t give Pak Army befitting replyfiring
(However, there was firing…)
JAMMU: After nine days of heavy firing and mortar shelling from across the border, firing de-escalated along the 192-km long International Border in Jammu frontier overnight.
Pakistan opened fire on just four border out posts in Kathua district as compared to firing on 60 border out posts along the International Border yesterday. There was no firing along the IB in Jammu and Samba districts.
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", BSF spokesman told PTI today.
However, there was firing by Pakistan along IB in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for 20 minutes from 2000 hours to 2020 hours involving four BSF BoPs, the spokesman said.
"There was no loss of life or damage", he said. The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 securitymen.
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 Border Out Posts (BoPs) and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
There has been over thee dozen ceasefire violations along IB since October one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Career and passion can go together: Rajeev RajaCareer and passion can go hand in hand, says Rajeev Raja
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.53AM IST
Tags:
Agratam
NEW DELHI: Do your career and your passion have to be an 'either-or' choice? Not necessarily, says Rajeev Raja , ex-national creative director of DDB Mudra and one of India's finest jazz and fusion flautists.
Raja was engaging with around 150 final-year students at IIM Kozhikode as part of ET's Young Leaders B-school Edition .
Over 25 years, he juggled both, he says, adding the leaders of tomorrow will have to call upon various inspirations and influences beyond the boardroom to be truly successful.
Raja advocates the 'Two-in-one' life and says he is blessed because the two worlds of brands and music finally came together in the new company he founded called 'BrandMusiq' - a company devoted to creating identities for brands using sound and music.
Meanwhile, entrepreneur Akshay Verma, founder of SkillHippo , a unique information discovery platform, engaged with students at IIM Indore and IIM Bangalore.
Verma has set up three ventures, one of which is a 'not-for-profit' venture called Agratam , which works closely with fishermen to impr-ove their livelihood by facilitating bank assistance and training in modern techniques of fishing.
Verma has also launched the Sarvajan Kalyan Loktantrik party in Bihar to help the cause of the local fisherman, the largest community in the area. His message to students was clear: "Be curious and foolish to succeed."
Indians seldom experiment with new ideas, and Verma says leadership is not just about cultivating innovative ideas, but how far you can take them. "Its all about creating new leaders, who can help realise your dreams," Verma said in his address to final year post-graduate program students of IIM Indore and IIM Bangalore.
Sharing his idea of leadership and his mantra of being a successful entrepreneur, Verma said: "Be curious, creative and foolish to succeed as success comes to those who make mistakes and learn further."
Nilay Arun, an ETYL candidate from the just concluded 2014 edition of the programme and founder and director of Cadence Trading, engaged over 200 students at XIMB where he egged them on to stretch beyond their comfort zone, be optimistic, pick up after failures and carry on. "If you stay within your comfort zone, then you would only manage an incremental change," said Arun.
There are a total of 12 speakers under the ETYL B-School edition. Of the 12, six sessions at IIM Ahmedabad, Symbiosis Institute of Business Management Pune, IIM Indore, IIM Bangalore, IIM Kozhikhode, and Xavier Institute of Management Bhubaneswar have been concluded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsofts Oneweek throws up student kitsYou are here: Home > Collections
Microsoft’s ‘Oneweek’ throws up student kits
Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
Microsoft
(These are some of the innovative…)
NEW DELHI: Students can click a picture of a flower, leaf or tree to get information on what they are looking at, through an educational application called Treefinder.
Better still, they can identify the use of foreign languages and references that they may come across in a book or online platforms, through Curiosity Cat, while StudyBuddy aids learning by recording, narrating and displaying lessons to students.
These are some of the innovative applications Microsoft employees have come up with for students in a week-long 'Oneweek' hackathon, held across 114 countries between July 28 and 31, the biggest in the company's history.
'Oneweek' was described by Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella as an effort to reinvent the way the company does business and encourage the rise of brilliant ideas regardless of its origins.
"Large-scale hackathons such as these foster an environment where new energy and a brand new direction for the company is encouraged and celebrated," says Rohit Thakur, head of HR for Microsoft in India.
The hackathons also enable employees to make a real impact on communities and discover how Microsoft is reinventing its productivity offerings and platforms for the mobile-first and cloud-first world, he adds.
This year's hackathon was open to all employees and interns in engineering and non-engineering divisions, with over 5,000 employees registered worldwide, over 1,100 hacks, representing more than 60 countries.
In India, hackathons were conducted across Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi and Pune, and over 2,300 employees registered to participate, creating over 750 project ideas.
FEATURED ARTICLES

More women enroll for IIT-Bombays Business Plan Contest in 2014Business Plan Contest
(“The reason for doing…)
MUMBAI: IIT Bombay's business plan competition Eureka this year saw a jump in female-to-male ratio to 1:5 from 1:7 last year, signaling the keenness among women to take up entrepreneurship.
The event, which for the first time in 2013 got entries from across the globe including the US, Japan, UAE and Singapore, got 21 international entries this year from Dubai (five entries), Abu Dhabi, Los Angeles, New Jersey, Netherlands, Andaman, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. Total participation in the event increased to 7,100 from 6,000 a year ago. Interestingly, entries in the social track increased by 28% compared with 18% overall increase. The final event will be held on January 31 and February 1, 2015.
This year, the event introduced a new metric, Minimum Viable Product (MVP) for judging during the finals. The event is organised by IIT Bombay's entrepreneurship cell in partnership with Intel and DST.
"The reason for doing this is to provide an incentive to those who have a drive to execute their ideas and form a tangible product or service," says Sagar Sheth, media manager of The Entrepreneurship Cell , IIT Bombay .
It will also give the judges and/or investors an additional metric to judge teams on, other than the theoretical business plan that teams will present.
"Mentors for the finalists will also encourage teams to make or improve their MVP and will provide dedicated feedback and suggestions on the same," adds Sheth.
Also, this year the event is introducing an award called Touching The Lives Award, which is to promote ideas in the social venture space. "The vision of this award is to celebrate entrepreneurial spirit in the context of socio-economic well-being of the country and to promote the ideas that have promise to challenge the existing barriers of growth," says Sheth.
Eureka aims to provide a platform for potential ideas and early stage startups to evaluate their business plan in the risk-free environment of a competition. There are total prizes worth Rs 45 lakh at stake and opportunity to win trips to Stanford E-Bootcamp and Intel APEC Challenge .
Among other incentives, the winners are also assured legal, HR, PR, IP and social media consultancy and incubation opportunities, apart from one-toone mentoring sessions.
Last year, the competition saw more than 6,000 entries. Eureka can be broadly divided into two tracks - business and social, with a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh and Rs 1 lakh for the first two years. Some of the other awards include Intel Technology Challenge, Eureka! Youth Award, Technology and Sustainable Development Award.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Posion found on Sunanda Pushkar  probe may re-openComments
The Delhi Police have been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following two fresh forensic reports that point to the presence of poison in her viscera and also say that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal.
The Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS have submitted their reports to the police with a request that the case be re-opened, highly placed police sources told HT on Thursday.
However, senior officers privy to the “informal communication” said both reports were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture” and that they were yet to take a call on their course of action.
Who's lying on Sunanda autopsy: AIIMS or doc?
The FSL wrote to the police first, around 20 days ago, the sources said. “The communication was mainly based on an analysis of Pushkar’s viscera,” said a senior police officer. “According to FSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning.”
Opinion of the medical board from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/HJkHI7pIzq
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
List of undetectable poisons from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/aUrhto2dnT
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
The FSL is also understood to have written to AIIMS, which then conducted its own examination of the viscera and forwarded a 12-page report to the police. AIIMS confirmed it had sent a report to the police but refused to go into details.
“The AIIMS report just reiterated the results forwarded to us by FSL. All it said was that Pushkar could not have died of an Alprax overdose,” said an officer, adding, “At the same time, both communications failed to specify the nature of poison that they claimed led to her death.”
Sunanda Pushkar's death: Tharoor demands speedy probe to end speculation
 
Pushkar, 52, was found dead in her suite at the Leela Palace hotel on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with a Pakistani journalist over the latter’s alleged affair with her husband, former Union minister Shashi Tharoor.
In July, Tharoor had sought a speedy inquiry for a “clear and definitive conclusion” to the death of his wife in the wake of reported claims by a senior forensic doctor at AIIMS that he was pressured to manipulate the autopsy report.
Medical board questions police investigation in 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/BSZueTwBDR

Firing abates along the border in J&K; Pakistan holds high-level meet to decide on further action33
0
Jammu: After nine days of heavy firing and mortar shelling from across the border, the situation de-escalated along the 192-km long International Border in Jammu. But Pakistani forces opened fire on four Indian border out posts in Kathua district of the Jammu and Kashmir.
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesman said.
However, there was firing by Pakistan along IB in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for 20 minutes from 2000 hours to 2020 hours involving four BSF BoPs, the spokesman said. "There was no loss of life or damage", he added.
The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 securitymen.
Over 32,000 people have fled from their homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB targeting 60 border out posts (BoPs) and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF personnel were injured.
Meanwhile, Pakistan is holding a high-level meeting to review the border situation and decide the next move. The Pakistan Rangers apparently, did not expect the level of retaliation shown by the BSF. India's deployment at the International Border is also two times as that of Pakistan.
While India has been blaming Pakistan for aggression along the border, Pakistan's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Tasnim Aslam Khan strongly condemned the "unprovoked aggression of India against Pakistan both at LOC and International Border."
Tasnim claimed that Pakistan never started the violations on its own but "if there is aggression by India, we respond to it. We are already doing that and will continue. We did not start it so we will not stop it," she warned adding that if India continued with the firing, they too, will not stay silent.
238

Time to scrap laws which turn ordinary men into criminals!Oct 10, 2014 at 11:03am IST
Time to scrap laws which turn ordinary men into criminals!
2396
6
Beginning Saturday, 4 October 2014, the death of Raghavendra Guruprasad and his two boys has been discussed in newspapers, on TV channels, and in the social media.
For those who have not heard about him, Guruprasad was an ordinary Indian male, with above average intelligence, who worked hard to get a good education, married for love ten years ago, had two boys with the woman he loved, and worked as an assistant professor at a University for a living. He was filled with thoughts of a long life of togetherness with his wife and children. Guruprasad wanted to ensure that his family, his most precious possession, remained intact, even if it meant that he had to face humiliation in private and public due to his wife, even if it meant he had to suffer physical abuse in the hands of his in-laws.
What Guruprasad was gifted in return was a package of lies, in the form of a divorce petition and a false criminal case under Section 498A of IPC. Despite being arrested, imprisoned and put through legal turmoil, and despite being physically separated from his wife and children, Guruprasad never gave up his efforts to reunite with them because he felt that his sons needed a father. He also desperately reached out to his wife only to be shunned and rejected over and over, which eventually led him to end his misery by taking his own life. Incidentally, Guruprasad had also written letters to various authorities that he could think of, pleading them to help him, before he gave up hope.
Guruprasad had written one last letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs about the sufferings of Indian men due to the draconian law, IPC Section 498A, and begged that it be scrapped so that more men do not have to suffer like him.
#raghavendra guruprasad #guruprasad death #suicide #social media
His last phone conversation with his wife, which is available online, was his last cry for help. He hinted at ending his life, and when his wife asked him (very coldly) as to what use it would be, he said, "I am not sure of what use it would be, but I am unable to endure this." When his wife asked him why he called and disturbed her, he replied saying, "You say that my phone calls disturb you, but I have been disturbed every moment that I have had to spend away from you, my family." His 7-page suicide note describes his attachment to his wife and children, and the pain he was going through because of being forced to be away from them, and because of the social pressure and rejection he faced as a result.
If this was all there was to it, the print and electronic media would not have paid much attention. We would have seen a passing reference to "a faculty member of a University ending his life over marital woes." The feminists would not have jumped up and down in live news rooms bashing him up, and along with him, the entire male gender, and using it as one more opportunity to highlight victimhood of women.
Guruprasad had written one last letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs about the sufferings of Indian men due to the draconian law, IPC Section 498A, and begged that it be scrapped so that more men do not have to suffer like him. For TV channels that love airing high-pitched verbal battles between feminists and men's rights activists, this was definitely a topic they could milk to increase their TRPs during primetime news.
However, the main reason Guruprasad's story grabbed so much attention was because he allegedly killed his sons before ending his own life. The feminists, the self-professed psychologists and psychoanalysts, and certain sections of the media isolated this specific detail, and made it a topic of discussion, to label Guruprasad "a psycho", "a maniac", "an inhuman, barbaric creature", "a disgrace to mankind", and more. They asserted that the filing of criminal sections and the divorce case against Guruprasad were justified, because he eventually turned out to be a violent savage, a pervert, a deliberate criminal, and a cold-blooded murderer. While IPC Section 498A has been facing sharp criticism from various quarters in the recent past, the feminists, in a desperate bid to defend the poisonous fruit of their labor, spared no effort to malign Guruprasad's character and life as a whole.
The fact that Guruprasad fought and won rights to visit his children for a few hours, two days in a month, speaks about his fatherly love. The fact that the children were always excited and happy to meet with their father says a lot about how much the children loved him. Guruprasad's suicide note reveals how much he cared about his boys, and in one part of his note he even mentions his worry about the fact that his wife treated his sons badly. It is hard to imagine how badly Guruprasad's heart and spirit were broken that he chose to take his boys along with him. It is not hard to imagine that he may have worried about the fate of his boys growing up and surviving in an increasingly anti-male society before taking the drastic step.
During a conversation about Guruprasad's tragedy, a friend said, "You know, it's not two murders and a suicide, it's three murders." I was speechless for a moment. "Indeed!", I thought, "it's three murders". The anti-male society, the feminists, the police, the legal system and judiciary, had together mutilated Guruprasad's spirit beyond recognition and killed him, and, are thereby guilty of killing his children too. The same feminists who are berating Guruprasad for "murdering children", would show no mercy towards the boys once they grow up into adults, and end up being emotionally castrated and slowly killed because of social misandry and brutal anti-male laws.
It is quite easy to pass moral judgments against Guruprasad, but it would be good to resist that temptation and understand that it is extremely difficult for a common man to endure the trauma caused by false allegations, fabricated criminal cases (especially those filed by an intimate partner) and long drawn trials to prove his innocence. Thousands of ordinary men may have had the thought of committing murder or suicide, under similar circumstances, but a very small proportion of men actually act on it. Most men, who are otherwise bright, energetic, and capable of contributing their unique talents, knowledge and physical labor to the country, live miserable lives and die a little everyday, thanks to laws like IPC 498A.
I recall Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Madison Square Speech in which he vowed to get rid of all the archaic, inane and useless laws, which make life difficult for the common citizen, and prevent him from functioning effectively in the society. He should have pinned socially dangerous laws like IPC 498A and the Domestic Violence Act and useless laws like the Dowry Prohibition Act to the top of the list.
The English rulers had gifted us with a self-serving legal system to destroy the social fabric of India and create a host of problems for the common man. During the next 66 years, the Congress Party and its Leftist allies enacted more and more laws only to create more and more problems, without ever resolving the existing ones. These past Governments, the law makers, the feminists, the police, and the judiciary are the actual reason why common law-abiding citizens like Guruprasad are driven to commit unimaginable crimes.
Guruprasad's incident is not the first of its kind, but if we don't want more such incidents to occur in the future, we need to say "NO" to State intervention in and criminalization of personal and family relationships. We don't want a lawless society, but we will definitely benefit from becoming a society with less laws and the first law that should be trashed is IPC Section 498A, YES, but that would require the present Government to exhibit the same courage and determination in tackling rabid feminism as they would to tackle terrorism.
423

HTC RE camera gives you an alternate way to click photos  record videosOct 10, 2014 at 11:33am IST
HTC RE camera gives you an alternate way to click photos, record videos
41
0
New York: Everywhere you look people are using smartphones and tablets to snap pictures and film concerts, speeches - their kids' ballet recitals - and instantly share the experiences with friends and family. At many events people aren't even looking at the stage, they are watching through their screens.
HTC thinks there's a better way - and they're betting you won't mind carrying around an extra device about the size of a roll of mints. With the new RE camera gripped discreetly in your hands, you can take stills and video while still experiencing the event directly - not through a viewfinder. No more annoying people behind you by blocking their views with your phone or tablet. (In fact, no one may realise you're filming at all. Hmm. HTC says the RE will at least make a sound when you take a picture or start recording.)
The RE marks HTC's effort to expand beyond smartphones. Its flagship HTC One smartphone earns high praise from users but the company's global market share is tiny compared with Apple and Samsung. According to IDC, HTC's market share was less than 2 per cent in the second quarter, the latest period available.
The RE resembles a miniature submarine periscope and marks HTC's effort to expand beyond smartphones.
#htc re camera #cameras #htc
How do I use it?
The camera, which will hit stores in about a month, resembles a miniature submarine periscope. The base is about four inches long and you look through a lens about the size of a quarter.
One quick press snaps a 16-megapixel still image, while a long press starts video recording at 1080p high definition. You can transfer images wirelessly to your phone with a free iPhone or Android app, or send images directly to an online storage account when connected through WiFi.
Would-be filmmakers can attach the RE to tripods and other accessories. The camera's waterproof, so you can leave it outside for time-lapse video. (Apple added the time-lapse feature to iPhones in its iOS 8 software update, but you can't use your phone for other things while you take the video.)
How much does it cost?
For $199 you get just 8 gigabytes of storage, but you can add up to 128 gigabytes more with a microSD card.
Any drawbacks?
There's no display. You can use RE's smartphone app as a viewfinder, but that defeats the point of not needing to have your phone out while enjoying an event.
What else is coming from HTC?
Next month HTC is launching a new mid-range smartphone called the Desire Eye. The phone's front camera will match the 13 megapixels found on the rear - meaning sharper selfies and videoconferencing than what smartphones typically offer. The front camera also will use face detection to keep subjects in focus and permit voice commands such as "cheese!" to snap the shot. HTC plans to bring many of these features to its high-end HTC One devices, too, through free software updates.
The 5.2-inch Desire Eye will be available in early November through AT&T. No details on price yet.
HTC also is launching a free app for iPhones and non-HTC Android phones that lets users create a highlights-video. Current HTC phones have a Zoe feature that automatically grabs images taken on a given day and stitches them together into a video, complete with music.
The free app "allows us to get HTC in more people's hands without having to make them do a smartphone change immediately," says Jason Mackenzie, president of HTC America. "So the next time that customer is buying a smartphone, they now have been introduced to HTC."
Your browser does not support the video tag.
12

Bharti Airtel appoints Alfa Belgore as chairman of Nigerian armBharti Airtel appoints Alfa Belgore as chairman of Nigerian arm
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Bharti Airtel has appointed Alfa Belgore as Chairman of its subsidiary, Airtel Nigeria. Belgore is a former Chief Justice of the Republic of Nigeria.
“We are pleased to have Alfa Belgore on the board. His wealth of experience will add immense value to the board and provide strategic guidance to our Nigeria operations,” said Christian de Faria, Chief Executive Officer at Airtel Africa.
Belgore has served as a key member in the technical committee on law, justice and development in Africa and also sat at the Governing Council of the Nigerian Institute of Advanced Legal Studies and National Archives.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

SEBI set to bring new listing laws  tough measures against insider tradingSEBI set to bring new listing laws, tough measures against insider trading
Shishir Sinha/ K R Srivats
SEBI Chairman U K Sinha
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
The market regulator, SEBI, is all set to come out with new regulations for listing and strict measures against insider trading.
"In place of the listing agreement, we will bring a listing regulation as a regulation has much greater force for implementation and action. We will bring this as soon as next month," SEBI Chairman U K Sinha said while addressing a conference on improving board effectiveness, organised by KPMG.
He also said the regulator is working on stricter norms to deal with insider trading. He emphasised that a penalty on the company and suspension of trading in case of violation of listing norms is not a good idea as it hurts the interest of shareholders. So, the emphasis would be on penalising executives.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Mark Zuckerberg says  clueless  on how to monetize WhatsAppMark Zuckerberg says 'clueless' on how to monetize WhatsApp
ANI | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 10:56 AM IST
Facebook Inc, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, said Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg.
"I think the market for WhatsApp should be in billions, definitely more than a billion people we should be able to connect using WhatsApp in the next few years and then hopefully more after that. So that's our primary goal we are trying to take pretty long term perspective on this. We really have one core good business Facebook so rather than just trying to focus on how to make money on WhatsApp in the near term. The bigger thing I am focussed on is how to make biggest opportunity and connect to most people," said Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.
Zuckerberg, 30, is in India on a two-day visit and was speaking at the first summit for Internet.org, an organization led by Facebook which, he said, 'wants to connect the whole word'.
"When you bring internet to a country like India you are not just helping the people who don't have access to the internet today, you really are improving the world for everyone else too because the person who doesn't have tool need to bring that company, bring that idea to the world that can help people from these other countries, now have those tools to really profound thing that we can play some small role in making that happen, that's a huge deal," he said.
Zuckerberg is also scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
His visit comes close on the heels of visits by high profiled US tech VIPs Satya Nadella of Microsoft and Jeff Bezos of Amazon.

After death of black teen  angry protesters face off with St. LouisPolicePolice wearing riot gear form a line to contain protesters Thursday, Oct. 9, 2014, a day after Vonderrit D. Myers was shot and killed by white, off-duty St. Louis police officer in St. Louis. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | St. Louis | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:15 pm
Protesters angered by the fatal shooting of a black 18-year-old by a white police officer faced off with officers in south St. Louis for a second night as accusations of racial profiling prompted calls for a federal investigation ahead of a weekend of planned peaceful rallies.
State and city leaders have urged the Justice Department to investigate the death of Vonderrit D. Myers on Wednesday night, fearing he was targeted because he was black. Police say the officer who killed Myers was returning fire, but Myers’ parents say he was unarmed.
“This here was racial profiling turned deadly,” state Sen. Jamilah Nasheed said at a news conference Thursday.
Myers’ death comes two months after the Aug. 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown, a black unarmed 18-year-old, by a white police officer in nearby Ferguson. Brown’s killing sparked dozens of often violent protests in the St. Louis suburb. A state grand jury is deciding whether Officer Darren Wilson will face charges in his death.
Late on Thursday night following a quiet candlelight prayer vigil for Myers, hundreds of people joined a more rowdy gathering in Shaw to protest his death.
Police in riot gear lined up on a high street, flanked by brand name stores and restaurants. Protesters yelled abuse and profanities to taunt the officers, who silently stood their ground. Police helicopters buzzed above the neighborhood. Officers used pepper spray to force the crowd back.
Some protesters burned the American flag, while others banged on drums and shouted “This is what democracy looks like!” Some slammed the sides of police vans. Broken glass littered the street.
Eventually the protesters backed off, moving a couple of blocks away. Riot police remained in the area.
Activists and other protesters from around the country have been preparing for four days of rallies, marches and protests over the Ferguson shooting. Organizers say the events, which start Friday and include a march Saturday in downtown St. Louis, have taken on added urgency in the wake of Myers’ death.
Police say Myers was both armed and aggressive, using a stolen 9 mm gun to shoot at the officer.
Syreeta Myers said her son was holding a sandwich, not a gun. “Police lie. They lied about Michael Brown, too,” she said on Thursday.
St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said the officer spotted Myers and two other males around 7:30 p.m. Wednesday while working a security job and patrolling a neighborhood near the Missouri Botanical Gardens. Dotson said the officer, who was off-duty but wearing his uniform, continued…

US military planes arrive at epicenter ofEbolaSix U.S. military planes arrived on Thursday at the epicenter of the Ebola crisis, carrying more aid and American Marines into Liberia. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Liberia | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:11 pm
Six U.S. military planes arrived in the Ebola hot zone on  Thursday with more Marines, as West Africa’s leaders pleaded for the world’s help in dealing with a crisis that one called “a tragedy unforeseen in modern times.”
“Our people are dying,” Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma lamented by video conference at a World Bank meeting in Washington. He said other countries are not responding fast enough while children are orphaned and infected doctors and nurses are lost to the disease.
Alpha Conde of Guinea said the region’s countries are in “a very fragile situation.”
Ebola is “an international threat and deserves an international response,” he said, speaking through a translator as he sought money, medicine, equipment and training for health care workers.
Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said he was reminded of the start of the AIDS epidemic.
“We have to work now so this is not the next AIDS,” Frieden said.
The fleet of planes that landed outside the Liberian capital of Monrovia consisted of four MV-22 Ospreys and two KC-130s. The 100 additional Marines bring to just over 300 the total number of American troops in the country, said Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams, the commander leading the U.S. response.
Williams joined the American ambassador to Liberia, Deborah Malac, at the airport to greet the aircraft.
As vehicles unloaded boxes of equipment wrapped in green-and-black cloth, the Marines formed a line on the tarmac and had their temperatures checked by Liberian health workers.
Meanwhile, British authorities said they would introduce “enhanced” screening of travelers for Ebola at Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar rail terminals.
Prime Minister David Cameron’s office said passengers arriving from West Africa would be questioned about their travels and contacts. Some people could be given a medical assessment and advice on what to do if they develop symptoms.
Also Thursday, Liberian police used batons and rattan whips to disperse 100 protesters outside the National Assembly, where lawmakers were debating granting President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf more powers beyond those contained in a state of emergency declared in August. Her handling of the crisis has been criticized as heavy handed and ineffective.
Liberian state radio announced that Senate elections scheduled for next week would be postponed. No new date was given.
The outbreak has killed more than 3,800 people, according to the latest World Health Organization figures. The vast majority of those deaths have been in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Elsewhere, University of Maryland researchers announced that the first study of a possible Ebola vaccine in Africa was underway. Scientists say three health care workers in Mali received the experimental shots developed by the U.S. government.
Mali has not had any cases of continued…

Nifty defends 7 900; top 20 bets | Infy soars 7%; IT stocks on highYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex under pressure, use dips to enter; top 10 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Oct 10, 2014, 12.05PM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex recouped some of the intraday losses after falling as much as 336 points in trade on Friday, led by losses in ITC, HDFC, Tata Motors and HDFC Bank.
The fall in the index was in line with other Asian markets which slipped after weak German export data fuelled fears of a deeper recession in Europe which could slow down the global economy.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also plunged below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, weighed down by losses in realty, capital goods, power and banking stocks.
At 11:40 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,387.77, down 249 points or 0.94 per cent. It touched a high of 26555.92 and a low of 26301.38 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7886, down 74 points or 0.93 per cent. It touched a high of 7912.65 and a low of 7854.50 in trade today.
Apart from IT pack, all the other major indices remained under pressure. However, experts feel that any dips should be used to enter markets.
"Given the way individual Nifty components are behaving which means that if CNX IT has reversed its downside and banks anyways was looking up for the last couple of days," said Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"So with that sort of conviction, this dip should be bought and basically day before low of about 7850 odd, 7820-7850, can be held as a stop loss," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever global markets reverse, we should see more upside rather than downside. So this dip according to me should be bought into.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELLL' call with a target of Rs 278 and a stop loss of Rs 295
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2900 and a stop loss of Rs 2780
Hexaware Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3950 and a stop loss of Rs 3839
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 360 and a stop loss of Rs 382
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 235 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2270 and a stop loss of Rs 2356
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1700
HPCL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 530 and a stop loss of Rs 512
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil price near 4-year low on growth fearsS&P 500 closes at lowest level since May
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94134c32-5026-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch: Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company  Says Vishal SikkaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company: Vishal Sikka
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 27 min, 01 sec

Sibar Auto Parts: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 12.16 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sibar Auto Parts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sibar Auto Parts Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sibar Auto Parts: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sibar Auto Parts Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.
Post your opinion here
 
Sibar Auto Parts Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014 alongwith Scrutinizer Report.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Marksans Pharma changes its registered office addressOct 10, 2014, 12.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Marksans Pharma changes its registered office address
Marksans Pharma has now informed that effective from October 10, 2014, the Company's Registered Office has changed to 11th Floor,
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Marksans Pharma changes its registered office address
Marksans Pharma has now informed that effective from October 10, 2014, the Company's Registered Office has changed to 11th Floor,
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated July 28, 2014 regarding change in the communication address of the Company,Marksans Pharma Ltd has now informed BSE that effective from October 10, 2014, the Company’s Registered Office has changed to the following new address:Marksans Pharma Limited 11th Floor, "GRANDEUR", Opp. Gundeecha Symphony, Veera Desai Extension Road, Oshiwara, Andheri (W), Mumbai -400053Telephone: +91 22 4001 2000Telefax: +91 224001 2011E-mail: companysecretary@marksanspharma.comSource : BSE

Sikka s right person to guide Infy to great heights: KamathSikka s right person to guide Infy to great heights: Kamath
Infosys results: Is the market s excitement warrantedInfosys results: Is the market s excitement warranted
China coal-mining region turns to wine in "new economy" pushChina coal-mining region turns to wine in "new economy" push
IL&FS Investment Managers to hold board meetingIL&FS Investment Managers to hold board meeting
Sunanda Pushkar s  Scuffle Marks  Include Bite Scar on Hand: ReportSunanda Pushkar s  Scuffle Marks  Include Bite Scar on Hand: Report
Asian markets fall in early tradeAsian markets fall in early trade
Aircel-Maxis case: SC seeks CBI reply about progress of probe against ChidambaramAircel-Maxis case: SC seeks CBI reply about progress of probe against Chidambaram
Nissan says September China auto sales down 20% year on yearNissan says September China auto sales down 20% year on year
Metal  cement stocks lead declineMetal  cement stocks lead decline
IMF chief: Will do belly dance if US clears reformsIMF chief: Will do belly dance if US clears reforms
TPL Plastech: Outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 12.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TPL Plastech: Outcome of AGM
TPL Plastech Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TPL Plastech: Outcome of AGM
TPL Plastech Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
TPL Plastech Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Delhi: Missing three-year-old girl Jhanvi found in JanakpuriComments
The story of missing Delhi girl Jhanvi had a happy ending on Sunday night. A week after the three-year-old vanished from India Gate during an outing with her parents, she was found at west Delhi’s Janakpuri.
The relatives and friends of Jhanvi, a three-year old girl who went missing from the India Gate on September 28, at her residence at Raghubir Nagar, in New Delhi. (Sushil Kumar/HT Photo)
The police traced Jhanvi after a passerby saw her at the D Block market and informed them. Her head had been shaved in an attempt to hide her identity.
She was taken to the Mayapuri police station where her family identified her. Jhanvi went home with her mother soon after.
Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi had earlier in the day announced a Rs. 50,000 reward for anyone with information about the girl. ‘Missing’ posters with her photo had gone viral on social media in the past week as the police probe made little headway.
Jhanvi and her family had gone to India Gate around 9pm last Sunday. She was playing with a few other children on the lawns while her family sat a short distance away. Her father discovered she was missing at around 9.30pm and called the police at 11.30pm after searching for her in vain. CCTV footage last saw her playing alone at around 9.21pm.
The police suspect she was kidnapped by an organised syndicate of child traffickers but revealed little.

Jodie Foster Sells Longtime Hollywood Hills Homejodie foster sells longtime hollywood hills home
Ericsson Bags 4G Network Deal From AirtelYou are here: Home Corporates
Ericsson Bags 4G Network Deal From Bharti Airtel
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 21:14 (IST)
New Delhi: Swedish telecom gear firm Ericsson on Thursday said it has signed a 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel, India's largest mobile operator.
The company, however, refused to share more information on the deal including the financial and circle details.
"Airtel has selected Ericsson for FDD-LTE network," Ericsson India head Chris Houghton told reporters in Delhi. He refused to comment when asked which circle the deal has been signed for.
Bharti Airtel won 1,800 MHz spectrum in 15 circles including metros Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. The Sunil Bharti Mittal-promoted firm plans to launch pan-India 4G network using 1,800 MHz.
Airtel had also won broadband wireless access (BWA) or 4G spectrum in 2,300 MHz frequency band in four telecom services areas of Kolkata, Maharashtra, Punjab and Karnataka in 2010.
It later acquired Qualcomm, which had 4G spectrum in New Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana and Kerala.
The company already offers 4G services using TDD LTE technology on 2,300 Mhz band in Ludhiana, Mohali, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Chandigarh and Panchkula.
4G mobile Internet technology provides download speeds of around 100 Megabits per second (Mbps) on the move and it can go up to 1 Gigabits per second (Gbps) at a fixed location.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 20:39 (IST)

Singapore s Temasek to buy Rs 500-cr stake in DevyaniIndulal PM and Saeed Azhar     Mumbai and Singapore    Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 21:28 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Temasek Holdings has agreed to invest Rs 500 crore ($82 million) to buy a stake in Devyani International, operator of KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee chains in India, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use Rs 100 crore to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank .
The rest would be a direct purchase in the restaurant chain operator, the sources added, declining to specify the percentage stake that Temasek would acquire.
"The deal is done and an announcement is likely very soon," one of the sources said.
Devyani International operates more than 300 outlets of restaurant and coffee chains including Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee in India and other southeast Asian countries, according to its website.
Temasek and ICICI Venture declined to comment, while Devyani International officials did not immediately return phone calls seeking comments.
Private equity funds have invested $4.6 billion in India so far this year, compared with $3.1 billion in 2013, Thomson Reuters data showed. Consumer-related investments contributed to a fifth of the total private equity inflows so far this year.
(Reuters)

Gap retreats as chief to step downOctober 9, 2014 6:00 pm
Gap retreats as chief to step down
By Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fcac374-4fc9-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Falling oil no fillip for shares any moreLast updated: October 7, 2014 7:45 pm
Falling oil no fillip for shares any more
Lower price may have failed to lift shares, but we should wonder why they’ve not fallen by more
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6b21a9a-4e36-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Increased toilet coverage has little health impact: studyEven villages with higher toilet coverage, and households that had some family members using the toilet did not see any difference in health
Is building toilets improving health in India?
New evidence has raised troubling questions about India’s 25-year strategy of pushing people to use toilets as a way to improve health.
In a paper published on Friday morning in the medical journal Lancet, researchers led by Thomas Clasen of the U.S.-based Emory University found that increased toilet coverage did not lead to any significant improvements in the occurrence of child diarrhoea, prevalence of parasitic worm infections, child stunting or child mortality. For their study, Dr. Clasen and his team looked at 50 villages in Odisha’s Puri district between May 2010 and December 2013, where the then Total Sanitation Campaign to build toilets was in effect, and 50 otherwise similar villages where the campaign had not yet started.
One key possible explanation for the absence of a health impact, the researchers said, could be the patchy implementation of the scheme, and uneven rates of use of toilets — at the end of the study period, just 63 per cent of households in the villages where the scheme ran had any toilet, and two-thirds of this group reported a family member using the toilet. Usage was substantially lower among men than among women.
If everyone with a toilet were to use it, would India then see the positive health impacts of its sanitation scheme?
Dr. Clasen told The Hindu that his research could not conclusively answer that question, given that the study compared all households, whether compliant or not, in the 50 ‘treatment’ villages with the 50 ‘control’ villages.
However, a troubling finding was that even villages with higher toilet coverage, and households that had some family members using the toilet did not see any difference in health.
Is India’s sanitation programme, dating back to 1986 and heavily-focused on building toilets, then wrong-headed? “We have not seen this new study, but behaviour change will be an important part of the Swachh Bharat Mission,” said a senior official in the Mission who did not want to be named.
“India should be proud of the efforts that have been made to improve sanitation and eliminate open defecation. It is an exceptionally large challenge and the new government should be applauded for the commitment it is making,” Dr. Clasen said. He recommended two changes, however. “First, it must target latrine use, not latrine coverage,” he said. Secondly, the sanitation programme should be combined with other environmental health schemes, including safe drinking water and hand-washing, that will limit other forms of exposure.
Other studies, like the one by economists Jeffrey Hammer and Dean Spears in rural Maharashtra, showed an increase in child height following the implementation of the TSC. “It [Dr. Clasen’s] is an important study because it shows that even a very careful effort to improve sanitation might not actually reduce open defecation, because sanitation behaviour is very hard to change,” Dr. Spears told The Hindu.

Tech CEO to women: Don t ask for a raiseMicrosoft CEO to women: Not asking for a raise is 'good karma'
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 10, 2014: 1:46 AM ET
 
Microsoft CEO's gender gap gaffe
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has disavowed controversial comments he made at a women's tech conference, including the suggestion that women who don't ask for raises will receive "good karma."
"Was inarticulate [on] how women should ask for raise," Nadella said on Twitter following his appearance at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing conference in Phoenix, Arizona. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias."
At the conference, Nadella implied that instead of asking for a raise, women should have faith that they will be rewarded over the long arc of a career.
"That ... might be one of the additional superpowers, that quite frankly, women who don't ask for raises have," he said. "Because that's good karma. It will come back."
Related: Microsoft CEO skewered on Twitter over 'karma' comment
Women make nearly $11,000 less each year than men, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's latest report on income and poverty. That translates to women making 78 cents to every dollar made by men. For the last several years it has been 77 cents on the dollar, making this year's figures a tiny improvement.
 
Why investing in women pays off
In an email sent to Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) employees and published on the company's website, the CEO said he answered the question "completely wrong."
"I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work," Nadella wrote. "If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
Related: Satya Nadella outblunders Steve Ballmer
Nadella, a 22-year veteran at Microsoft, was elevated to the CEO position in February. He had been overseeing various aspects of the company's corporate software business since 1992.
His comments drew intense criticism on social media. The comments were also challenged by Maria Klawe, the session's moderator, who is also the president of Harvey Mudd College and a board member at Microsoft.
Klawe said she had lost tens of thousands of dollars by not being more assertive in salary negotiations.
Related: Sarah Silverman is tired of the 'vagina tax'
"Do your homework," she told the crowd. "Make sure you actually know what a reasonable salary is when you're offered a job. Do not be as stupid as I was."
Microsoft recently released workplace diversity statistics showing it has a problem with gender imbalance -- particularly at the leadership level -- as much like other leading tech firms.
Microsoft's workforce is 71% male, a figure that rises to 83% for both technical and leadership roles. Those figures are roughly in line with the gender breakdown at Google , Facebook , Yahoo and Apple .
-- Jillian Eugenios and James O'Toole contributed reporting.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 11:23 PM ET
Most Popular

Australian couple abandoning surrogate child highlights need for strict lawsNEW DELHI, October 10, 2014
Updated: October 10, 2014 11:46 IST
Australian couple abandoning surrogate child highlights need for strict laws
Smriti Kak Ramachandran
The Hindu An Australian couple’s decision to leave behind one of their surrogate children has highlighted the need for stringent laws to regulate the commercial surrogacy arrangements in India.
TOPICS
children
An Australian couple, who had biological twins from an Indian surrogate mother two years ago, abandoned one of the children and returned home with the other. The case came to light on Wednesday after the Australian family court chief Justice Diana Bryant announced that she was informed by an Australian High Commission official in New Delhi that the couple had left one child behind.
Justice Bryant has reported that the High Commission in New Delhi had delayed giving the parents a visa and tried to convince them to take both children home, but the parents did not relent. The couple’s decision to leave the child behind was based on their preference for a specific gender.
A spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade on behalf of Australian government on Thursday admitted that the couple had left the baby behind and since this case; the Indian government has tightened controls on commercial surrogacy arrangements in India.
When asked whether the High Commission could have prevented the parents from leaving the child behind, the spokesperson told The Hindu: “The parents in this case decided to apply for citizenship for only one of the twins. The involvement of the Australian High Commission in New Delhi was limited to assessing the application by the Australian couple for citizenship, and subsequently a passport, for the one child. The High Commission had no grounds to refuse the citizenship application and a passport for the one twin for whom application was made — the child met the criteria for citizenship and an Australian passport”.
It was pointed out that India became responsible for the welfare of the other child and adoption arrangements became a matter for its legal system. “The Australian government does not regulate overseas surrogacy arrangements; this is a matter for the countries in which these arrangements are made. Within Australia, the regulation of surrogacy is a matter for states and territories,” the spokesperson added.
The incident has given the ongoing campaign for stringent surrogacy legislation in India a shot in the arm.
“This is why we need a law and a forum or a court where such cases can be dealt with. It is very worrisome that a child was left behind and we don’t know the whereabouts of the child. We don’t even know if the child has been sold off or adopted,” said Anil Malhotra, senior advocate who challenged the single parent restrictions on surrogacy and is the co-author of Surrogacy in India — A Law in the Making.
Making a case for the protection of the rights of both the surrogate mother as well as the newborn, Shamina Shafiq of the National Commission for Women said: “We have to worry about the rights of the surrogate mother, who was left with the child, but we equally need to worry about the rights of that child, who was left behind. If the commissioning parents abandon the child, there has to be law to deal with that situation.”

Hud Hud to make landfall near Visakhapatnam SundayHud Hud to make landfall near Visakhapatnam Sunday
Musk launches high-end Tesla model© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b45f9386-5032-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian Army believes Pak chose to fire along International border to unsettle HindusIndian Army believes Pak chose to fire along International border to unsettle Hindus
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times  Gakhrial/Arnia (Jammu), October 10, 2014
First Published: 01:28 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:01 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
As daylight fades over Gakhrial village, which is barely 500 metres from Pakistan at the International Border (IB), Gulshan Devi rushes to round things up so that she can leave. Like the 1,500 fellow-inhabitants, Devi leaves home every evening and returns in the morning these days.
The firing at the IB has surprised officials of both the army and the Border Security Force (BSF). As one senior BSF official said, “It is the Line of Control that is normally a live wire. The ceasefire is often flouted at the IB too but never to this extent. Villages and towns have not been targeted like this.”
In the eight days since the border shelling began, seven civilians have died and over 70 have been injured. As many as 20,000 civilians from 70 villages have been dislocated. The Pakistani logic for targeting the IB has foxed the army, the BSF and even chief minister Omar Abdullah.
Read | To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
A senior army officer at the Udhampur-based Northern Command said that there have hardly been infiltration attempts at the IB in the last four years. “Two terror attacks have taken place along the IB in Hiranagar and Samba but in both cases, terrorists were members of suicide squads and were targeting forces, not civilians," the officer said.
The civilian population in Arnia — a town that lies a kilometre away from the IB — too is wondering why their homes and shops were pounded overnight.
A villager shows bullet marks on the wall of his house after a firing from Pakistan side in Kaku Da Kotha village at Arnia sector in Jammu. PTI Photo
Pawan Kumar, who has fled to a relief camp with his entire family, said: “We thought Pakistan would think twice before targeting us after Narendra Modi came to power”.
Is the Pakistani army — indoctrinated in large part on religious fundamentalism — testing what it perceives to be Modi’s machismo? Are Pakistani rangers establishing their supremacy over foreign and security-related issues after Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s handshake with PM Modi at his swearing-in in Delhi where he agreed not to meet Hurriyat leaders?
Army and BSF officials do not tread political waters but believe firmly that Pakistan has chosen to set the IB and not the LoC on fire. 
“Unsettling civilians along the IB is far more impactful from the Pakistani point of view because locals here comprise a Hindu population,” said an official.
Villagers sit near a blood stained spot after alleged mortar shell firing from the Pakistan side into a residential area at Masha da kothe village in Arnia Sector in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
“In heavy exchanges across the LoC, Pakistan’s civilian population gets affected because their villages lie closer to the LoC. They rarely target Muslim villagers on our side,” said another official.
Read | Sharp decline in firing by Pakistan along international border in Jammu
If the Pakistani army is indeed working on a religious sum game while daring the Modi government, it has added a whole new layer to the conflict between the two neighbours.
Already, the tit-for-tat, mortar-for-mortar response has gone into a spiral that neither side is willing to break out of.

I want this to be an Indian company: SicardWe need people to work 100% for India. I want Nissan Motors to be an Indian firm, says President Gillaume Sicard
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 02.17AM IST
Tags:
Datsun
(Without the network, how…)
Nissan Motor India is undertaking a major organisational restructuring. Leading the new organisational set up is Gillaume Sicard , president, who will oversee manufacturing, sales and R&D for the Japanese carmaker's Indian subsidiary. The company has also appointed an Indian MD Arun Malhotra from M&M to resurrect its key weakness of sales and marketing and dealer development after breaking ties with Hover Automotive.
In an interview to ET's Ketan Thakkar, Sicard said Nissan Motor India has all the key elements of products, manufacturing and R&D that are needed to succeed in India. Going ahead, he said, the company is going to be more pro-active in engaging with the Indian customers to grow through expanding dealer network and strengthened sales & marketing. Edited excerpts:
The commitment from Renault Nissan is pretty apparent, but the brands have not attained the acceptability that one would have liked. What's your view?
I am re-assured about our product lineup and quality of cars we produce. We have products that are extremely suitable for Indian market. Of course, we would love to have more products, but the base is here in terms of manufacturing and R&D.
However, there are a few things that we need to progress on. First is our network. With the products that we have, we cover merely a third of the country. Without the network, how can we be a major player? Especially if we launch a new brand like Datsun, which is relevant to tier-2 and tier-3 cities. We will expand the network to 300 locations within 3 years. And along with the network expansion, we also have to ensure the quality customer engagement. Our association with the customer does not end at the point of sale; we need to take it forward through his entire ownership lifecycle.
Secondly, I was not happy about our marketing and communication. When I looked at what we had done, it seemed like we were looking at the Indian market from bit too far. We need to be involved with the Indian customers and appeal to their hearts. We need not be just a Japanese brand that has good technology and offers quality products (corporate brand image), but we also need to bring in some emotions and connect with the customers. We need to open up, we can have flexibility, the top management in Yokohama (HQ) are clever, they realise that we need to adapt the corporate brand to what's happening in India.
So we have good products, good pricing, the basics are here, the key lies in improving the network and the way we connect to the consumers.
What are some of things you need to do to evolve the operations?
We definitely need to have organisation that is focused on Indian market more than to Japan.
Was that the case before?
No. It was this balance, we strived for. But we need people to work 100% for India. I want this to be an Indian company. We have R&D antenna of 4,500 people, Datsun Go is already developed here. We already have the autonomy, but we need to accelerate here, even in terms of management.
I am French, but I need talented Indian people, of course we need expats too, but less and less with time and more local talent. We are changing the organisation in that direction. Yes, there is a president, but we are having a local MD now, who has experience in the Indian automotive industry and comes from the heart of the market.
How that will change things according to you?
If we have people who have worked for 20-30 years in the Indian market, they will have better capability to connect with the network, to the customers and the administration.
Beauty of the organisation is to have talent that not only masters the environment, but also different kind of environment to enrich the Indian operation. What we need to do is have a mixture of Indian people, supported by some good crop from around the world who have knowledge, so that the growth picks up and it is as secured as possible in India.
Do you think the sales and marketing was the weakest link?
I would say so. Yes.
So what is the next step?
We have revised the whole organisation from sales and marketing perspective.
The key positions have been identified; we are looking at some additional people. We will enroll more people in sales and marketing functions shortly. We are also going to develop a strong marketing and communication team. In terms of advertising, we are working intensively with our advertisement agencies to make sure the new messaging connects with the consumers.
We are very young at the job, because the functions of sales and marketing were managed by someone else (Hoover). We need to build pure sales and marketing organisation with strong forces (resources).
Where do you see yourself three years from now?
I would like to see familiarity of both the brands within top 5. We are at number 12 right now. We need to have the top of the mind-awareness. Second, I want that the factory is used to full capacity and why not ask for additional capacity 2-3 years from now, by growing both domestic and export operation.
On the products front?
Two key things we are working on are SUVs and products for Datsun. We have the know-how of SUVs, it is in our genes. We can go quick in there and serve the rising demand.
On Datsun, there is more room at the bottom of the pyramid, once we break the clutter, we know there is room for other players. We are going to build the Datsun brand further, it will be a three range products, with products that are made for Indian buyers (entry-level car and an affordable MPV).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infy a long-term buy  buy on dips: Ajay Srivastava(It is definitely a long term…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ajay Srivastava, CEO, Dimensions Consulting, shares his views on Infosys . Excerpts:
ET Now: Does it still recommend a buy from you or do you think this is just a one off result reaction that we are seeing today on Infy?
Ajay Srivastava: It is definitely a long term buy, you may see short term correction but do not forget accumulate at that point. The time has come for you to put your faith in because the value parameters tell you that relative to other peers there is lot more share price increase that can come in just on a rerating platform so you are playing a rerating game, you are playing a positive game, you are playing a new technology game in the sense if you really do not want to write a story it is a good place to be even at 3800 but do not worry about corrections, correction are for accumulation, do not worry about research reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5 reasons Infosys looks good long-term bet | Why investors shouldn t be euphoric on Q2Why long-term investors should stay invested in Infosys
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 01.28PM IST
(Contrary to the expectation…)
Infosys under its new leadership seems to be marching ahead in the right direction. A while ago, the company announced its September quarter financials, which were slightly better than the consensus of analysts' estimates. Moreover, it also issued bonus shares signalling the management's confidence in the future growth.
However, contrary to the expectation of some analysts, the company did not revise the full year dollar revenue growth guidance of 7-9%. But, that need not disappoint long-term investors.
Here's why it makes sense to stay invested in the stock if you believe in the long-term, value driven investing:
The bonus issue: Infosys has declared one bonus share for every existing share and 1:1 stock dividend for American Depository Shares. Technically, an issue of a bonus shares does not have any material impact on the shareholder since the share price will be adjusted once the process of allotment of bonus shares begins, i.e. after the record date. But, it does offer an insight into what the management is thinking of the future growth. This is because bonus shares increase the capital base of the company since a chunk of surplus profit in the balance sheet is converted into equity. A company that pays dividends regularly and has a responsible management will do this only when it is confident that it would be able to serve this larger capital base through dividends, and buybacks of shares in the future.
Sustained business momentum in the US and Europe: Growth in these two key markets sustained during the September quarter on a sequential basis. The US grew by 3.1% and Europe by 4.2%. While the growth in the financial services vertical continued to stay tepid at 1.2%, other verticals such as manufacturing and energies, utilities, communications and services was buoyant.
Attrition: Attrition touched a high of 20.1% during the September 2014 quarter compared with 19.5% a quarter ago and 17.3% a year ago. This is expected to decrease in the coming quarters considering the efforts of CEO Vishal Sikka to retain talent. According to recent media reports, the management had undertaken revision of senior management salaries. The company also gave promotions to 12,000 employees during the September quarter apart from giving 100% of variable pay to all employees.
Operating performance: Infosys has been posting subdued growth compared with what some of its bigger and smaller peers have been reporting and also lower than the industry average. This is expected to change albeit slowly. To begin with, the company has been able to keep the fall in its operating margin under check. In the September quarter, it reported a margin of 26.1%, a 100 basis points improvement over the previous quarter. The days for which sales was outstanding were 63, an improvement over 67 days a quarter ago.
Strong cash management: Infosys has over $4.5 billion (close to Rs 28,000 crore) of cash and equivalents. Its cash generation from operations has also remained strong over the years. With focus on growth, the new management is in the process of finding the right opportunities to deploy the cash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shares of Financial Technologies  NDTV surge on heavy volumesShares of Financial Technologies, NDTV surge on heavy volumes
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:43 AM IST
Shares of Financial Technologies (India) and New Delhi Television (NDTV) have soared up to 14% in otherwise weak market on back of heavy volumes on the bourses.
Financial Technologies (India) rallied 14% to Rs 242 on National Stock Exchange (NSE).  At 1130 hours, a combined 1.5 million shares changed hands on the counter against an average sub 0.5 million shares that were traded daily in past two weeks on NSE and BSE.
NDTV surged 12% to Rs 133, also its fresh 52-week high on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter jumped more than four-fold with a combined 2.55 million shares changed hands so far on NSE and BSE.
Shares of leading news broadcaster zoomed 30% in past two trading sessions from Rs 103 on NSE.
 

Infosys shares surge nearly 7% on better-than-expected Q2 nosInfosys shares surge nearly 7% on better-than-expected Q2 nos
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:25 AM IST
Shares of IT major Infosys today surged nearly 7% in early trade after the company posted 28.6% jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus shares.
After a positive opening, shares of Infosys further gained 6.61% to Rs 3,886.80 on the BSE.
At the NSE, the blue-chip stock climbed 6.61% to Rs 3,888.
Infosys was the best performer among the blue-chip scrips on both Sensex and Nifty during the early trade.
"The stock surged on bonus share declaration from Infosys and positive earnings," said Kishor Ostwal, CMD, CNI Research.
Beating market expectations, Infosys today posted 28.6% jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 3,096 crore for the quarter ended September 30.
The Bangalore-based firm had reported a net profit of Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period.
Consolidated revenue was up 2.9% to Rs 13,342 crore in the said quarter from Rs 12,965 crore in the year-ago period, it said in a BSE filing.
In the April-June quarter this fiscal, Infosys reported a net profit of Rs 2,886 crore and a revenue of Rs 12,770 crore.
Buoyed by a strong set of numbers, the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share as compared to Rs 20 in the previous year.
For FY15, the country's second-largest software services firm maintained its revenue guidance of 7-9% growth.
In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4% to $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from $383 million in the year-ago period.
Meanwhile, buying was also seen in other IT counters, with HCL Tech trading higher by 2%, Tech Mahindra (1.34%), Mindtree (0.71%) and TCS (0.14%).
The BSE IT index was quoting 2.31% higher at 10,682.94.

Infosys Q2 results: 5 key takeawaysInfosys Q2 results: 5 key takeaways
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:44 AM IST
Vishal Sikka, the first non-promoter CEO of Infosys has announced his presence by giving the investor community more than what they expected. Not only did the company beat market expectations on almost all operating and financial fronts, but what was completely unexpected was a 1:1 bonus.
 
Though the revenue guidance has not been changed, a bonus announcement at this stage of the company’s transition is a bold statement of intent. Sikka and his team are sending a message that they will be able to service the expanded equity in the near future.
 
Following are five key takeaways from Infosys’ numbers
 
1)    Infosys has posted a better than expected revenues number, more importantly on the constant currency front. Against an expectation of a 2% sequential growth, the company posted 3.1% sequential growth to $2,201 million and a 6.5% growth as compared to previous year. In rupee terms the company posted a 4.5% growth at Rs 13,342 crore.
2)    On the operations front, there seems to be an improvement with administrative cost coming down by 9.9% from the previous year, but this is mainly on account of Rs 219 crore provisioning due to visa related matter in the previous year. What is noteworthy is that Infosys’s cost of sales has grown at a slower pace than its revenue on sequential basis and has actually come down on an annual basis. Cost of sales fell by 2.2% as compared to previous year but increased by only 1.9% sequentially, compared to a revenue growth of 4.5% in rupee terms. This is on account of lower employee benefit cost which fell to Rs 7,522 crore in September 2014 quarter as compared to Rs 7,704 crore in the same quarter last year, the only positive of high attritions over the last few quarters.
3)    Attrition is one front where Infosys still has a problem. The attrition rate has touched a new high of 20.1%, the highest among top IT companies in the country. Attrition rate in the previous quarter was 19.5%, up from 17.3 in the corresponding period last fiscal. However, net addition of employees has shown a marked increase to 4,127 as compared to only 879 last year and 3,717 in the previous quarter. This is important as the company seems to be stacking up for future growth.
4)    Better prospects can also been seen in the utilisation numbers which have increased to 82.3% excluding trainees as compared to 80.1% in the previous quarter and 77.5% in the same quarter last year. Utilisation rates including trainees have also increased from 74.8% in the previous quarter to 75.2% in September 2014. This number stood at 73.1% in September 2013.
5)    The important number that matters is how Infosys views future growth. The company has maintained its guidance at 7-9% in dollar revenue growth, which is much lower than Nasscom’s growth rate of around 13-15%. However, while analysts were expecting the company to meet the lower end of the guidance, the latest quarterly numbers show that the company will be on path to meet or even surpass the top end of the guidance number. Commenting on the results, Sikka said that he was confident of transforming Infosys into a next generation service company and getting back to consistent profitable growth. A 1:1 bonus issue after his interactions with clients and carrying out operational changes reflects that optimism.

Satya Nadella says women don t need to ask for raise  sparks outrageOutrage over Nadella's comments on women's pay
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 10, 2014
First Published: 10:02 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:46 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
At a time when women IT workers are being urged by their icons to pursue their careers aggressively, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella came up with absolutely the opposite advise!
They should not press their employers for a raise, earn their trust and wait for the system to take care of them, which it will, he said at a conference on women on Thursday.
The backlash started the moment he finished that sentence, and lasted all of Thursday, forcing Nadella to backtrack publicly on Twitter and in an internal mail to employees. “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias,” he tweeted.
He was “completely wrong”, Nadella said in his mail. “I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work …. (and)… If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
In an email exchange with Silicon Valley guru Vivek Wadhwa, Nadella admitted he “just gave a wrong and terrible answer to the question”. Wadhwa added, “He just blew it.”
The Hyderabad-born CEO, who was in India recently, couldn’t have chosen a more inopportune time to address the issue of gender inequality at workplace, specially in IT.
While Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has advised women to pursue their career goal aggressively in a 2013 book titled, “Lean in”, Towards the end of 2013, Twitter was forced to appoint its first female board member — Marjorie Scardino — after a public spat with its critics, including Wadhwa.

See 20% plus EBITDA margins for FY15: Amtek AutoWe are well-placed this year to deliver the 500 railway wagon order. Next year, we are expecting 4-5 times that size of order.
John Flintham
Sr MD & CEO
Amtek Auto
John Flintham, senior MD & CEO,  Amtek Auto is confident of maintaining FY15 sales of Rs 16000 crore and consolidated EBITDA margins in excess of 20 percent.
According to him the quarter gone by saw a steady growth in number of markets and so and above than expected growth in two-wheeler market. Also the passenger car market saw a steady growth with  Maruti Suzuki being the lead player, says Flintham.
With regards to the growth in the commercial vehicles, he says since it is linked to the economy it has taken longer to savour than the passenger vehicular market but that too is seeing an improvement with  Ashok Leyland doing well in that segment.
Even the non-auto market like agriculture, tractors and railways continued to perform well.
Globally, the US market has been outperforming the European markets but some German companies per se having been doing well, says Flintham.
Flintham says the capacity utilisation for the company currently stands at 57 percent, which is likely to go up to 58-59% for the year.
On the acquisition front, he says there is nothing on track at the moment but the company is always on the look out for good value propositions. However, the earlier acquisitions have seen a turnaround.
The company for the current year does not expect any more orders for railway wagons but for the next year they expect it to be 4-5 times of that, he adds.  Amtek Auto received an order of 500 railway wagons.
Below is the transcript of John Flintham's interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar.
Latha: How is business in the quarter gone by, was it better than you anticipated at the start of the quarter, can you give us some idea of the volumes?
A: The quarter is quite interesting; there has been steady growth in a number of markets. I don't think it is the growth that people have projected but certainly in the two-wheeler market there has been some very good growth. It also depends a lot on the customers that you are dealing with. In the two-wheeler market Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) are doing really well and Hero are doing well. Also the passenger car market saw steady growth over the last three quarters with Maruti being the leading player and they are recovering very well after last year.
If you look at other markets like commercial vehicles (CV), it is traditionally linked to the economy and it is taking longer for the CV market to recover than the two-wheeler market. But if you look inside the CV market now we are starting to see some interesting improvements. Ashok Leyland is doing reasonably well so that is good. Certainly our direct schedules in the last quarter have been quite healthy, certainly recovering and increasing over the previous quarter, which all in all is very good.
In addition to that the non-auto market which is primarily agriculture, tractors and railways continues to perform quite well. Tractors have been strong for sometime from our point of view and the railway market with the recent release of the wagon order is also very good.
Latha: The couple of negatives that we got was that the September CV sales weren’t very good especially for Tata Motors as well we have seen some fresh bad news out of Europe as well. so overall what kind of a revenue growth or a volume growth would you anticipate for FY15?
A: We have been predicting for sometime now that the revenue growth for the year will touch something like Rs 16,000 crore and we are still pretty confident that we will achieve that figure.
Europe again is a bit of a mixed bag, certainly one-two questions on Germany but Germany is not doing too bad if you look at individual companies. UK which is one of our strongest markets is outperforming the European markets and they are doing very well driven primarily by Jaguar-LandRover but our growth is going to be pretty much in line with what we have been predicting for sometime now.
Latha: Would you do better on margins because commodity prices have been unusually kind?
A: I think what we have always been saying is that our consolidated EBITDA margins should be in excess of 20 percent and we are holding those margins at that level. Commodity prices have eased a little bit which should help and will help but we are pretty confident that they will hold the margins at that level of plus 20 percent on a consolidated basis.
Latha: What were the performance of your recent acquisitions, Neumayer Tekfor and Kuepper?
A: Neumayer Tekfor we purchased over a year ago now and that has done a pretty good job in the turnaround programme. In the last twelve months, we have doubled its EBITDA with revenues staying pretty flat 500 million euros and we are just about completing the turnaround plan there.
Our Kuepper acquisition obviously we are just into that, sales are growing in our Kuepper acquisition. When we put the whole Amtek organisation together then we have got some real benefits for Kuepper. So we are seeing some strong growth in Kuepper and again the margins should be pretty healthy in that when we complete our turnaround.
Latha: Since you have definitely completed your turnaround in Neumayer Tekfor and in Kuepper, as you said you are pretty close to a turnaround, would you look for fresh acquisitions?
A: I think the answer to that question is that you can never say yes or no. We are always looking for good value propositions and if you look at our track record, the multiples we have paid for these businesses against the value of the businesses, they are always being pretty healthy and we will continue to look there is nothing on the tracks at the moment but we are always on the look out for good value assets.
Latha: I am not sure whether you gave us this number when you last spoke to us but you said the capacity utilisation was about 58-59 percent, has it since improved?
A: I think I said last time it was about 57 percent. It should have improved; it will increase slightly over the last quarter. It will be somewhere between 58-59 percent.
Latha: About the wagon order, you did get a 500 wagon order. Is there any more movement because the new government has reiterated that it intends to look at railway modernisation and railway growth very seriously? So any tenders floated, should we look forward to more order wins before the year is out?
A: It is very exciting for us as we have been planning this for sometime; building a  new factory in the Punjab for the wagons to be built and this is our first order. The 500 wagon order is in place and we will start manufacturing that surely.
I don’t think there are any further orders in this calendar year but obviously in 2015 there will be another round of wagon orders as the fleet needs a replacing. So we are well-placed in this year to deliver the 500 order which is the maximum anybody can get as a new entrant. Next year, we are expecting to get 4-5 times that size of order.
Amtek Auto stock price
On November 24, 2014, Amtek Auto closed at Rs 207.75, up Rs 1.05, or 0.51 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 272.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 62.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 14.68 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.15. The latest book value of the company is Rs 232.46 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.89.
RELATED NEWS

BSNL waives charges for subscribers in valley for SeptBSNL waives charges for subscribers in valley for Sept
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar, Oct 10:  
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) today joined other service providers in announcing relief to customers in the valley during the period when the state was hit by floods.
The company said it would not charge its customers in Jammu and Kashmir for the telecommunication services for the month of September for not being able to provide the services fully during the period.
The announcement came following state Governor N N Vohra’s suggestion in this regard to R N Sudhakar, Chief General Manager, BSNL, Jammu and Kashmir Circle, who called on the Governor at Raj Bhavan yesterday.
“Sudhakar agreed to the Governor’s suggestion that the consumers must not be billed for the current billing cycle and, in fact, given certain concessions,” an official spokesman said.
He said Sudhakar informed the Governor about the various problems which had been encountered by BSNL in restoring telecommunication services in the aftermath of recent floods in the State.
He also apprised the Governor of the steps so far taken to address these difficulties.
A great deal of progress has been being achieved in the replacement of Transmission Equipment at BSNL office in Lal Chowk and in partially restoring the mobile network, landline telephones, wireless telephone lines and internet facility.
He said the Governor emphasised the need for reliable alternate wireless connectivity in the State, which can be used at the time of disasters and stressed the importance of telecommunication facilities for the revival of economy of the state after this mega disaster.
Idea Cellular and RCom to waive off charges
Meanwhile, Idea Cellular also announced that the company will waive off charges for its services for the period they remained affected due to the floods.
Reliance Communications had yesterday said its subscribers in the flood-affected Kashmir region will get a 50 per cent waiver on voice packs and 100 per cent waiver on data packs for September.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Sensex drops 240 points; Tata Motors  Hindalco  Tata Steel skidSensex tumbles over 300 points as global growth worries spark sell-off
Agencies
Tweet
Oct 10:  
The Indian benchmark indices lost over 1 per cent on Friday due to sell-off in global equities on concerns about the global economy. The head of IMF warned that Euro Zone could slip into recession and this influenced investor sentiment.
The BSE Sensex fell 1.28 per cent or 339 points to 26,297 while the NSE Nifty lost 1.26 per cent or 100.60 points to 7,860.
A weak trend on other Asian markets following overnight sell-off in the US markets also triggered selling by participants.
The 30-share barometer had gained 390.49 points in the previous session.
Barring IT and TECK, all the sectoral indices finished in negative zone. Metal index (-4%) lost the most followed by Auto (-2.56%), Bankex (-1.78%) and Capital Goods (-1.46%).
Tata Motors (-4.77%), Hindalco (-4.66%), SSLT (-4.2%) and Tata Steel (-4.16%) were the top losers in the Sensex 30.
Infosys’ shares soared 6.5 per cent to Rs 3,884 after the company reported its consolidated net profit rose by 28.6 per cent to Rs 3,096 crore in July-September 2014 quarter.
Global markets
European shares dropped on Friday, extending their recent pull-back and tracking steep losses in equities worldwide on mounting worries over the pace of global growth.
At 0740 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.6 per cent at 1,305.99 points, hitting a level not seen since early August. The benchmark index has tumbled 7.5 per cent since mid-September.
The sell-off comes on the back of weak data from Germany, Europe's biggest economy. On Thursday, data showed German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and figures earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output.
European markets were tracking a sell-off in equities globally, which saw major US stock indexes slide 2 per cent on Thursday on worries about the global growth outlook.
Asian shares shuddered and Brent crude oil prices tumbled to their lowest since 2010 on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that Europe's economic woes could drag down the global economy.
Many investors fear that the gradually recovery US economy - the world's largest, but comprising less than a quarter of the entire global economy - cannot escape unscathed as Europe stalls and other big economies, including China, Japan and Brazil, face their own hardships.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a fourth straight day on Friday, hitting a two-month low on concern about the global economy, and falling crude oil prices hurt oil shares. The Nikkei share average ended 1.2 per cent down at 15,300.55, the lowest closing since August 13. For the week, the benchmark dropped 2.6 per cent. Japanese markets are closed on Monday for a national holiday.
Hong Kong shares tumbled nearly 2 per cent on Friday on weakness in global equity markets plus jitters over a possible flare-up in pro-democracy protests in the city.
The Hang Seng Index dropped 1.9 per cent to 23,088.54 points.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Govt to offer Rs 400 LED bulbs at Rs 10 soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airtel  Telangana government launch public W...Bharti Airtel
(Currently, the pilot is…)
NEW DELHI: Sunil Mittal-driven Bharti Airtel partnered with the Telangana government to launch the first public Wi-fi in the state.
Currently, the pilot is underway at 17 tested hotspot locations in Hyderabad that allow users to access Internet upto 750 Mb per day across operators.
The initiative is a part of the state government's broader agenda of allowing citizens to experience a host of web opportunities making Hyderabad a leading digital city, the telco in a statement on Friday said. It added that the smartphone, tablet, and other WiFi-enabled device users would be able to connect to data across these 17 locations.
To begin with, these public Wi-Fi hotspots have been set up between Cyber towers to Madhapur Police Station, Cyber Towers to Kothaguda Junction and Cyber Towers to Raheja Mindspace Circle. On an average around 40,000 commuters, commercial establishments, visitors can benefit from this service.
"Enabling public access to superior Wi-Fi technology across the city is at the heart of the Telangana government's efforts to promote greater digital inclusion for the citizens of Hyderabad therefore making it a "Global Smart City," said Telangana's IT minister, KT Rama Rao .
The service allows consumers to access the public Wi-Fi at all the 17 locations by switching on Wi-Fi in their Wi-Fi enabled device. On selecting the public Wi-Fi, a One-Time password (OTP) will be sent to their mobile number, the company added.
Venkatesh Vijayraghavan , Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel - Andhra Pradesh & Telangana said, "Today internet is a critical tool for various day-to-day needs especially in the field of healthcare, banking and education, and it is thus imperative to enable citizens in the country to access internet."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airtel offers Wi-Fi facility in Hyderabad on pilot basisAirtel offers Wi-Fi facility in Hyderabad on pilot basis
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 10:  
Airtel has started offering Wi-Fi facility in Hyderabad on a pilot basis. Users can log on to the Airtel network and get a one-time password to access the network.
The pilot, which will last for three months, will give 750 mb of data per user per day for free.
The pilot covers an 8-km stretch in the Hi-Tec City area in 17 hotspots.
Telangana's IT Minister K Taraka Rama Rao said the Government's intention was to cover the whole 700 sq km area of Hyderabad.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6 pct  delivers par for course results after change of guardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cyclone Hudhud: Odisha deploys rescue teams  to start evacuation soonOdisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:59 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:52 pm
With cyclonic storm  ‘Hudhud’ 610 km from the state’s coast, the Odisha government on Friday deployed rescue teams at vulnerable places and asked district collectors to begin evacuation of people, particularly in tribal dominated Malkangiri district.
“At least 25 teams, 15 of NDRF and 10 ODRF, have been deployed at vulnerable areas keeping an eye on the cyclone and heavy rainfall,” Special Relief Commissioner P K Mohapatra told reporters.
Malkangiri was this time in focus, Mohapatra said, adding the severe cyclonic storm was likely to pass over the district.
This would create a lot of rain in undivided Koraput district comprising Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada. Other districts which would be hit by the cyclone were identified as Koraput, Malkangiri, Rayagada, Kandhamal, Kalahandi, Nayagarh, Gajapti and Ganjam. Mohapatra said all the districts have been provided with satellite phones for emergency and constant vigil was being maintained on the rivers like Bansadhara, Rusikulya and Nagabali as heavy rain is expected in southern districts.
“We have asked the collectors that no one should remain inside ‘kutcha houses’ in Malkangiri district. All the people living in ‘kutcha’ houses need to be evacuated to safe place,” Mohapatra said, adding that this was being done keeping the state’s commitment of “zero casualty” as target.
The SRC also asked the district authorities to start free kitchen where the government undertakes evacuation drive. The districts are also told to stock adequate quantity of dry food, he said.
Meanwhile, the latest bulletin issued by the IMD said that the severe cyclonic storm over west central and adjoining east central Bay moved northwestwards and lay centered at 0530 hrs IST of October 10, 2014 near latitude 14.4ºN and longitude 87.6ºE over west central & adjoining east central Bay about 610 km south-southeast of Gopalpur.
“The system would move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm in the next 12 hours. Thereafter, it would cross north Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of 12th October 2014,” it said.
The Paradip and Gopalpur ports in Odisha were advised to hoist local cautionary signal number 3 (LC-III) as the severe cyclonic storm got closer to the Odisha-Andhra coast.
The storm, which is gathering more force, is likely to turn into a very severe cyclonic storm within next 12 hours, the IMD warned.
The bulletin warned of heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places over South Odisha during next 24 hours and heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places over South Odisha in the subsequent 48 hours.
Rain/thundershower would occur at many places over Odisha during next 24 hours and rainfall will increase in subsequent 48 hours in Odisha, the bulletin predicted.
The bulletin also said squally wind speed reaching 45-55 kmph and gusting to 65 kmph from northeast direction would prevail along and off the Odisha coast and the wind speed would increase to 80-90 kmph along and off Odisha coast from the October 11 evening .

Widely used sanitation programmes do not necessarily improve health  finds Lancet studyTwo-thirds of the 1.1 billion people who practise open defecation and a quarter of the 1.5 million who die every year from diarrhoeal diseases caused by poor hygiene and sanitation also live in India. (Source: PTI)
Written by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:53 pm
A sanitation programme currently being widely implemented in low-income communities in India significantly increases latrine coverage but does not actually improve health, a study involving 100 rural villages, that will be published online in The Lancet Global Health on Friday has found.
The sanitation intervention delivered under the terms of the centre’s Total Sanitation Campaign – the world’s largest sanitation initiative – provided almost 25 000 individuals in rural India with access to a latrine. However, it did not reduce exposure to faecal pathogens or decrease the occurrence of diarrhoea, parasitic worm infections, or child malnutrition.
Worldwide, around 2.5 billion people lack access to basic sanitation facilities such as a latrine, a third of whom live in India. Two-thirds of the 1.1 billion people who practise open defecation and a quarter of the 1.5 million who die every year from diarrhoeal diseases caused by poor hygiene and sanitation also live in India.
This cluster randomised trial involved 9480 households (50 951 individuals) in 100 rural villages in Odisha, with a child younger than 4 years or a pregnant woman. Households in 50 villages were randomly assigned to receive the sanitation intervention in early 2011; control villages received the intervention after a 14–month surveillance period.
The intervention increased the average proportion of households in a village with a latrine from 9% to 63%, compared an increase of 8% to 12% in control villages. However, the researchers found no evidence that the intervention protected against diarrhoea in children younger than 5 years: 7-day prevalence of reported diarrhoea was 8.8% in the intervention group (data from 1919 children) and 9.1% in the control group (1916 children). What is more, the intervention did not reduce the prevalence of parasitic worms that are transmitted via soil and can cause reduced physical growth and impaired cognitive function in children. There was also no impact on child weight or height—measures of nutritional status.
“The programme is effective in building latrines, but not all households participate”, explains lead author Professor Thomas Clasen from Emory University, Atlanta, USA and the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine in the UK. “Moreover, many householders do not always use the latrines. This, combined with continued exposure from poor hygiene, contaminated water, and unsafe disposal of child faeces, may explain the lack of a health impact.”
Researchers further said that studies are needed to identify why the intervention failed to improve health, but suggest a number of possible explanations including insufficient coverage and inconsistent use of latrines, or that a lack of handwashing with soap or continued…

Infosys roars 7%; hits all-time high @ Rs 3908 | D-Street in redInfosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP may storm Maharashtra with majority seats: surveyPrint
NEW DELHI: As per the prevailing wisdom in the Bharatiya Janata Party, it will form the next government in Maharashtra on its own.
It was out of this belief that the seat-sharing talks with the Shiv Sena got protracted, until the BJP decided to go solo in the October 15 Assembly elections.
And now a pre-poll survey by the India Today Group and Cicero supports that belief.  
The BJP is set to emerge as the single largest party in the Maharashtra Assembly elections by bagging anything between 125 and 141 seats, while the Congress is projected to be heading for a rout. The Grand Old Party is expected to win just 30 seats in the polls.
The Shiv Sena, despite all its noise about a unified Maharashtra and Maharashtrian pride, will be caged.
In the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly, a party would need about 145 seats to form the government. While the BJP may fall short of the clear majority by a whisker, it will have the backing of its allies like the Republican Party of India (RPI) to stake a claim to form the government.
The survey projects that other parties that includes the BJP’s pre-poll allies like the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha, Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Shiv Sangram and RPI, might secure between 20 and 30 seats.
Surge
BJP’s voteshare is projected to increase from 14 per cent in 2009 to 30 per cent in the upcoming polls. The BJP has been projected to win 125-141 seats in the Assembly, with a median figure of 133 seats.
On the other hand, the vote share of the Congress is expected to slide from 21 per cent five years ago to 14 per cent.
After its historic decimation in the Lok Sabha elections, the Congress is facing one of its worst performances in Maharashtra, a state it has ruled for 15 years in alliance with the NCP.
The Congress is expected to win 25-35 seats, with a median value of 30.
The voteshare of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which was an ally of the Congress for the past 15 years, is predicted to fall marginally from 16.4 per cent in 2009 to 14 per cent. But the
NCP is expected to bag 28-38 seats, with a median value of 33. This will represent a significant fall from the 62 seats the party won five years ago.
The Shiv Sena, which seems to be on the back foot after the BJP snapped ties, will see a slight increase in its vote share — from 16.3 per cent in 2009 to 19 per cent. The Sena, which won 44 seats in 2009, is tipped to secure 51-63 seats with a median value of 57.
The vote share of the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) is expected to remain at almost the same level, going from 5.7 per cent in 2009 to five per cent.
MNS is projected to win about 13 seats, the same number it bagged in 2009. The survey suggests that the BJP is gaining the most in Marathwada, Konkan, Mumbai-Thane and western Maharashtra. The party is expected to register the least growth in Vidarbha.
On the other hand, the Congress is losing ground across Maharashtra, while the NCP too is losing ground, though not as much as the Congress, across the state except for Mumbai-Thane.
The BJP enjoys the support of 27 per cent of Marathas, 43 per cent of upper castes, 28 per cent of Mahars and 30 per cent of other Dalits. The Congress has the backing of 10 per cent of Marathas, 11 per cent of upper castes, 15 per cent of Mahars and 12 per cent of other Dalits.
Respondents still believe that the Congress is the most corrupt party, despite the backdrop of NCP leader Ajit Pawar and the irrigation scam, and the relatively cleaner image of former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of the Congress.
Eighteen per cent of respondents said “anyone from the BJP” should be the next chief minister, while 16 per cent backed Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, 11 per cent BJP leader Nitin Gadkari, and nine per cent Prithviraj Chavan.
The respondents listed corruption, water problems, lack of electricity, bad roads, inflation and price rise, unemployment, the problems of farmers and poor educational facilities as the major concerns that should be tackled by the government.
The survey was conducted among a cross section of the electorate covering the entire demographic and geographical spread of the state.
A total of 7,346 interviews were conducted at 381 locations across 96 Assembly constituencies between September 30 and October 4.
Recommend

Aban Offshore bags orders worth $182.66 million from ONGCAban Offshore bags orders worth $182.66 million from ONGC
Infosys hits record highInfosys hits record high
4 Indians among Fortune s most powerful people in biz under 40Hi Guest
4 Indians among Fortune's most powerful people in biz under 40
Four Indians, including a Harvard University professor and the co-founder of India's largest online marketplace Snapdeal, have been named by Fortune in its list of the 40 most powerful, influential and important people in business under the age of 40.    Image: Raj Chetty and wife Sundari Chetty. Photograph: Courtesy, Raj Chetty  The Indians on the list are Economics professor at Harvard Raj Chetty, who is ranked 16 in the list. New Delhi-born Chetty, 35, focuses on economic mobility and is an ...

China s Q3 GDP growth seen at 5-year low of 7.3 per cent  more stimulus expectedChina s Q3 GDP growth seen at 5-year low of 7.3 per cent  more stimulus expected
National Wind Power Corporation to hold board meetingNational Wind Power Corporation to hold board meeting
N Korea as The Truman ShowNorth Korea resembles ‘The Truman Show’
By David Pilling
One needs to be wary of impressions gleaned from Pyongyang, a showcase city
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6b896d4-3dae-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold  crude oil prices may trade lower in next fortnightGold, crude oil prices may trade lower in next fortnight
Naveen Mathur        Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 18:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
Fortnightly Performance
Non-Agri Commodities  
Global markets traded on a mixed note in the last fortnight amid favourable employment scenario in the US and optimistic economic data across the globe. However, concerns over a rise in interest rates by the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank starting with the asset purchase programme acted as a negative factor in the second half of the fortnight.
On the domestic front, markets traded lower as a result of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintaining its interest rates and pledging to stand pat for a longer time until the target of retail inflation at 6 per cent is not met by January 2016. The Indian Rupee depreciated around 1.4 per cent in the same period owing to huge dollar demand from oil and other importers. Further, strength in the dollar index continued with a downside movement in the currency.
Gold and silver witnessed negativity in the last fortnight. Spot gold prices declined by around 2.1 per cent as housing sector in the US is gaining momentum as shown in the new home sales data. New US single-family homes surged in August and hit their highest level in more than six years, offering confirmation that the housing recovery remains on course. Also, data from China showed that net gold imports from Hong Kong tumbled in August to their lowest since May 2011 due to weak demand in the world's biggest bullion consumer. In addition, the US currency has posted a record-breaking 11 weeks of successive gains on expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates well ahead of its counterparts in Japan and the euro zone.
Spot silver prices also traded lower last fortnight as weakness in the yellow metal dragged the white metal lower. Bright spots in the US economy are leading to declining speculative interest in the metal acting as a negative factor for prices. Labor markets and housing sector both gaining traction in turn money managers turning bearish on the commodity. On the MCX , silver prices fell by 4.39 per cent in the last fortnight.
During the last fortnight, LME Copper prices plunged by 2.7 per cent as the European Central Bank's monthly meeting failed to inspire confidence about future growth, stoking fears about metals demand. Also, strength in the dollar index hovered to four-year highs after a string of positive economic data from the US acted as a negative factor. In addition, Chinese construction sector concerns were further fuelled by data from the National Bureau of Statistics that showed the average price of new homes in 70 Chinese cities fell at a faster pace in August, with the average price of new homes falling for the fourth straight month in August. Further, decline in LME stocks by 1.3 per cent could not restrict a sharp fall. MCX copper prices fell by 1.7 per cent in the last fifteen days.
 
Crude oil prices also traded negative in the last fortnight as concerns over growing oil supply and the dollar's strength led to the fall. Besides, OPEC oil supply jumped to its highest in almost two years in September, due to a further recovery in Libya and higher output from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf producers.  Conflict in the Middle East has not had a significant impact on supply. Islamic State activities in northern Iraq have had little impact on oil-producing southern provinces, while production in Libya has accelerated despite deep instability. Overall, WTI oil prices declined by around 3 per cent and MCX crude oil traded lower by around 1 per cent.
Outlook
In the coming fortnight we expect gold prices to trade lower as labor and housing sector both gaining traction will act as a negative factor. Besides, weak physical demand from China is suggesting waning interest from the world's largest consumer of the yellow metal.
Crude oil prices will trade lower on sustained pressure from plentiful global supply and weak demand conditions in Europe and China is acting as a negative factor for prices.
Base metals are likely to trade sideways as uneven jobs data has led to weakening of the dollar index, thereby supporting gains. Also, investors will remain cautious ahead of manufacturing and housing data from the US.
Agri Commodities
 
The agri commodities basket witnessed mixed trades amid good volatility over the last fortnight. Many commodities which were on a declining trend saw some short covering, while revival of rains and harvest pressure kept the prices of the remaining agri commodities under downside pressure.
The southwest monsoon season 2014 ended on September 30. As per the data from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the cumulative rainfall for the season till September 30 was 12 per cent below normal at 777.5 mm compared to a normal of 886.9 mm. According to the Ministry of Agriculture, sowing of kharif crops till September 25 stands at 1019.26 lakh ha compared to 1044.69 lakh ha last year.
In a major development, the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has given approval to MCX for continuous contracts launch for futures contracts expiring in 2015 in 27 contracts.
The edible oils complex witnessed mixed trades over the last fortnight. Soybean prices remained weak taking cues from bearish overseas markets and weak soy meal exports from India and settled three per cent lower. Mustard seed too remained weak tracking weakness in edible oilseed prices. however, demand for the seed for its oil as well as meal exports supported prices at lower levels and settled marginally lower 0.1 per cent. Refined soy oil and CPO traded on a positive note extending gains of the previous fortnight on festive buying and positive overseas markets and settled 0.9 per cent and 2.4 per cent higher, respectively. Weakness in the rupee also supported prices at lower levels.
Among spices, coriander was the biggest gainer posting 3.9 per cent returns due to low stocks and good demand. Turmeric recovered from contract low levels and gained 1.3 per cent on short coverings. However, weak physical demand, huge carryover stocks and increased sowing in Telangana capped the upside. Jeera too recovered from lower levels on export demand and strong exports data. However, huge carryover stocks kept prices under check and settled 0.2 per cent lower.
Among softs, sugar recovered from lower levels on short coverings and lower level buying ahead of the peak festive season demand and posted 1.3 per cent returns. However, abundant supplies and selling pressure from the mills capped sharp gains. Prices in the overseas markets too recovered from lower levels on short coverings and lower output in Brazil. Cotton continued to remain weak and lost 4 per cent on global demand concerns after China's new policy announcement. Also, record output expectations in India added to the downside pressure.  
Chana futures remained weak and a fresh contract low on account of ample stocks due to record output. However, value buying and festive demand cushioned sharp fall in the prices and settled 2.2 per cent lower.
Outlook
In the coming fortnight, we expect most of the agri commodities to remain weak. Harvesting of most of the kharif crops like soybean and kharif pulses among others have commenced which would keep prices under downside pressure. Lack of rains at this time may help speed up the harvesting. Cotton is expected to remain weak due to global demand concerns while, crop concerns in the US due to dry weather may cushion the downside. Rains in the US Midwest has delayed soy bean harvesting, which may support soybean prices at lower levels.
Revival of rains in the second half of the monsoon is likely to retain moisture and may help in the sowing of rabi commodities, keeping rabi commodities under check. However, festive demand and the upcoming marriage season may lead to increase in demand for food commodities, which may lend support to the falling prices. Prices are also likely to take cues from movement in the overseas agri commodity prices as well as the Indian rupee . Withdrawal of monsoon will also play a crucial role. Heavy rains at this time may disrupt the harvest and even damage the ready to be harvested crops.

JSW Steel s Acquisition of Welspun Maxsteel Cleared by Fair Trade RegulatorKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: JSW Steel's proposed deal worth over Rs 1,000 crore to acquire sponge iron maker Welspun Maxsteel has received approval from the Competition Commissionof India (CCI).
According to the fair trade regulator, the proposed deal is "not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India".
On August 18 this year, the steel major had entered into a share purchase agreement with Welspun Enterprises to acquire entire shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel. Welspun Maxsteel is promoted by Welspun Enterprises.
The deal involves acquisition of the entire stake of Welspun Maxsteel from Welspun Enterprises, including the equity shares held through its affiliates.
In a recently released order, the competition watchdog observed, among other things, that sponge iron industry in India had the presence of large number of players and the market share of Welspun Maxsteel in production of sponge iron is "insignificant".
It also noted that "JSW Steel has purchased a limited quantity of sponge iron from Welspun Maxsteel mostly for captive consumption".
"However, the same constitutes an insignificant proportion of the overall purchase of sponge iron by JSW Steel in India," CCI further said.
Going by details in the order, JSW Steel makes steel products with facilities located at Vijayanagar (Karnataka), Salem (Tamil Nadu) and Dolvi (Maharashtra). It also produces sponge iron which is mainly used for captive consumption in its facility at Dolvi in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
Meanwhile, Welspun Maxsteel manufactures sponge iron at its production facility located in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
In a statement, JSW Steel had said that it would acquire the shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel held by Welspun Enterprises "for an enterprise value of Rs 1,000 crore plus net current assets".
The steel major had also said that Welspun Maxsteel was in close proximity to its Dolvi unit, offering complementary infrastructure and location to augment the current envisaged expansions.
The entities had approached the fair trade regulator for its approval on August 20.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 16:28 (IST)

I could willingly slap two guys on my own teamSelection of quotes from KP's autobiography
The following is a selection of quotes from Kevin Pietersen's autobiography, which was published on Thursday. (Reuters)
Prev Next
ON COACH ANDY FLOWER — A clique choked our team and Andy Flower let that clique grow like a bad weed.  Andy Flower. Contagiously sour, Infectiously dour. He could walk into a room and suck all the joy out of it in five seconds. Just a Mood Hoover. That's how I came to think of him.
ON COACH ANDY FLOWER — A clique choked our team and Andy Flower let that clique grow like a bad weed.  Andy Flower. Contagiously sour, Infectiously dour. He could walk into a room and suck all the joy out of it in five seconds. Just a Mood Hoover. That's how I came to think of him.
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Ian Botham: The Man Who Could Do It All
17 hours ago
Ian Terence Botham, arguably England's most famous cricketer and one of the great all-rounders the game has seen, was born on 24 November 1955 in Heswall, Cheshire. While a controversial player both on and off the field at times, Botham also held a number of Test cricket records, and still holds the … More » Ian Botham: The Man Who Could Do It All
5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 7:07 PM IST
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 2:02 PM IST
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 11:34 AM IST
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Europes low bond yields hit pensionsEurope’s low bond yields hit pensions
By Elaine Moore and David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5132cc6-4fa3-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China to impose coal import dutiesChina to impose coal import duties
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3156d5cc-4fc3-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bandhan Bank may begin operations by early 2015Bandhan Bank may begin operations by early 2015
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 21:55 IST
Microlender Bandhan Financial Services plans to launch its full-fledged bank by early 2015 with 600 branches, its technology partner Fidelity Information Services (FIS) said on Thursday.
"The proposed Bandhan Bank plans to begin operations in early 2015 with about 600 branches and about 10 million customers," global banking and payments technology solutions provider FIS said in a statement, adding that Bandhan has outsourced all technology operations for its banking operation to FIS.
FIS would provide a fully integrated banking and payments solution platform to allow Bandhan to offer services to the underprivileged people in the rural areas and also for those residing in the urban areas, it said in a statement.
Kolkata-based Bandhan microfinance institution Bandhan and city-based infrastructure lender Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) were among the two dozen entities awarded "in-principle" permissions to start full fledged banks by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in in April.
They have 18 months time to comply with mandatory requirements, and the licence is valid for that time.
The RBI said that the objective giving newer players banking licenses is to deepen the process of financial inclusion because only 35 per cent of Indians over the age of 15 years have bank accounts at present.
"We have a two-pronged strategy to reach customers in both urban and rural areas," Bandhan Chairman and Managing Director Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, who has also been quoted in the statement, said.
He added it needed an infotech partner to provide "scalable, agile and cost-effective platforms" to reach its target group quickly and efficiently.
The statement said FIS would provide and manage a fully integrated banking and payments platform in the outsourced delivery model, encompassing core banking, channel solutions, treasury, trade finance and payments services that include switching, debit card management and interbank network connectivity.
The statement said that Bandhan, which was started in 2001 and has more than $1 billion in assets serving 5.8 million customers across 22 states, is the one of the biggest microlenders in the country.
The proposed Bandhan Bank plans to "continue microlending but is also expected to offer differentiated banking products to untapped market segments in vast rural and unbanked areas," the statement said.
For the needs of affluent clients, Bandhan would offer premium services in urban and metro areas with "new services experiences," the statement said.

Gross promises investors smoother sailingGross promises investors smoother sailing
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fccb180-4fc8-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

North and South Korea trade warning shotsNorth and South Korean ships exchange warning shots
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/849859b6-4dfe-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple to start midnight sales for iPhone 6 i...You are here: Home > Collections
Apple to start midnight sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India for first time
Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 03.39AM IST
(Only 29% of more than 900…)
KOLKATA| NEW DELHI: With record pre-launch orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple will start midnight sales for its devices in India for the first time, in line with the practice it follows elsewhere.
The phones are to be launched in India on October 17. More than 5,000 of the new handsets have been reserved at Apple stores, multi-brand retail chains and e-commerce sites in the last two days, according to three senior trade executives. Sales to those who have booked the phones will start midnight at The MobileStore, UniverCell, Planet M Retail and Sangeetha Mobiles outlets besides Apple stores.
"The craze about iPhones is for the first time felt in India like in the West," said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO, The Mobile Store. "The exclusivity to own the first lot of iPhones before others is huge, much like when a Salman Khan movie releases or how consumers used to rush at midnight to buy the first lot of Harry Potter books."
Videocon-owned PlanetM Retail's chief executive Sanjay Karwa said the midnight launch will ensure traditional offline retailers have the advantage over online retail, which is creating market disruptions. "Midnight launch is a new concept in India and Apple's move will ensure brick-and-mortar customers receive the handset first.
We will keep a few of our stores open past midnight to fulfill all orders, since getting permission for that is also a hassle," Karwa said. Trade sources said Infibeam, Apple's sole authorised online seller for iPhones in India, has clocked the highest number of bookings — in excess of 2,000 — with big demand from companies and smaller towns.
The maximum orders are for the 128 GB iPhone 6 priced at Rs 71,500. Infibeam.com co-founder Neeru Sharma declined to confirm the numbers, but said there had been unprecedented demand for the new iPhones and that it will try and ensure deliveries in metro cities and towns on October 17 itself. Last year, Apple's iPhone 5s had around 2,000 bookings in India, where the concept of pre-order is still new.
Rival Samsung took pre-launch orders for its Galaxy S4 and S5, with those for the S5 at about 2,500, according to trade sources. An email sent to Apple did not elicit any responses as of the press time. Apple has assured retailers that it will ensure sufficient inventory for all pre-ordered units on the launch day.
The concern that there could be a shortage due to strong demand in the West remains. Also, the launch date of the new iPhones in India coincides with that in China, a far bigger market for smartphones and Apple. Only 29% of more than 900 million mobile phone subscribers in India have smartphones, while in China the user base is around 500 million.
Infibeam's chief executiveofficer Vishal Mehta said there could be a demand-and-supply-gap for the new iPhones due to a high demand. The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 starts at Rs 53,500 while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus starts at Rs 62,500. Globally, Apple sold a record 10 million units in three days after the launch on September 19 in 10 markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Small Cap buys 3.25 lakh shares of Hinduja GlobalOct 10, 2014, 08.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Small Cap buys 3.25 lakh shares of Hinduja Global
On October 09, 2014 Reliance Small Cap Fund bought 3,25,000 shares of Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Small Cap buys 3.25 lakh shares of Hinduja Global
On October 09, 2014 Reliance Small Cap Fund bought 3,25,000 shares of Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650.
Post your opinion here
 
On October 09, 2014 Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited A/C Credit Suisse (Singapore) sold 2,11,194 shares of  Hinduja Global Solutions at Rs 650 on the BSE.
Also, Goldman Sachs Investments Mauritius I Limited sold 1,07,963 shares at Rs 650.06.
However, Reliance Small Cap Fund bought 3,25,000 shares at Rs 650.
On Thursday, the share ended at Rs 659.55, up Rs 8.95, or 1.38 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 736.55 and 52-week low Rs 399.00 on 07 July, 2014 and 21 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Modi visit a success  now time to execute things: US officials53
0
Washington: Describing the recent US visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as "highly successful", two top Obama administration officials have said it is time for the new Indian government to execute policies that create conducive environment for investments.
"The proof is going to be in the pudding," said US Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, while Trade Representative Mike Froman said, "Now the key is the implementation (of the promises made)."
Both the Obama administration officials were responding to questions during the annual leadership summit of the US-India Business Council yesterday.
Froman noted that there has been significant increase in bilateral trade and added there is no reason not to increase it further.
#narendra modi #us #modi #modi us visit
Pritzker was one of the three US Cabinet Ministers to visit India during the first 100 days of the Modi government. Froman, who played a key role during Modi's US visit, said it was a very successful visit. He said he was very impressed by Modi's statement that India is now open for business.
"Now the key thing is the implementations," he said. Froman said US and India have great things in common, but there are differences too, which can be resolved through dialogue.
Froman noted that there has been significant increase in bilateral trade and added there is no reason not to increase it further.
But for that India needs to create a conducive business environment, including ease of business, clarity and predictability of policies as promised by the Prime Minister during his US visit, he said.
"We see India being a key part of the globally competitive supply chain. This needs creating business environment," he said.
"I think he (Modi) has already taken some of the steps, but there are more steps that need to be taken so that the there is an increase in confidence of the private sector," Froman said.
Pritzker earlier echoed the view. "So the proof is going to be in the pudding. We need to have early wins between our countries."
"We want this relationship to be successful," she said, and quickly added that a lot depends on changes in the regulations and laws and making business easier.
The faster these changes are made, the better the relationship, she said. "We are hopeful," said the Commerce Secretary.
USIBC acting president Diane Farrell said the new motto of the council is "India and US are the world's strongest trade partnership, where democracy is celebrated."
40

English the new caste system  decides if you can have a girlfriend  job: Chetan Bhagat10
0
New Delhi: Facing criticism for the crass Hindi lines used in his latest book 'Half Girlfriend, author Chetan Bhahat has hit out at critics saying that English has become the new caste system in India.
He also went on to say that English even decides whether or not a person can get a girlfriend or a job. "English has become the new caste system, a person can't get a job and women don't want to date a guy whose English is bad. I felt like I needed to do something and that's where half girlfriend was born," he said.
He commented on the use of English at the launch of his latest book titled "Half-Girlfriend" a love story between Madhav, "a boy from Bihar with big dreams who falls in love with the beautiful Riya, a rich lass from Delhi."
He also went on to say that English even decides whether or not a person can get a girlfriend or a job.
#chetan bhagat #half girlfriend #2 states #5 point someone
Calling the book, published by Rupa as the "closest story to my heart" Bhagat said he often questions himself, "If I am not acceptable to rural India, how can I call myself a best selling author?"
During the launch attended by Bollywood actor Huma Qureshi, the 40-year-old author said the best part about his books is that it is picked up by people who have never read an English book to learn Englsih. Asked by Huma about how he dealt with scathing criticism, Bhagat said he  was used to it from the beginning.
"There will always be weeds in a garden," said the author. "I don't let praise affect me. I am not perfect. I am not the best writer but am a best-selling writer," Bhagat siad. An investment banker-turned-novelist, Bhagat's books have been adapted for the big screen.
His "Five Point Someone" was adapted into the blockbuster "3 Idiots" starring Aamir Khan and Kareena Kapoor in the lead. He also scripted the screenplay for the recent Salman Khan starrer film "Kick". "Revolution 2020" was his last book.
11

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections touch new low at Rs 8 cr on day 7Miscellaneous
Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' box office collections touch new low at Rs 8 cr on day 7
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 10 2014, 13:55  IST
Oct 10 2014, 13:55  IST
 

http://usat.ly/1o2lvzzFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tesla unveils exotic features, go-fast model
Tesla announces exotic driver aids, all-wheel drive and a high-performance model, but no self-driving car, which some people expected.
Post to Facebook
Tesla unveils exotic features, go-fast model Tesla announces exotic driver aids, all-wheel drive and a high-performance model, but no self-driving car, which some people expected. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xvCQ47
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
58
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tesla unveils exotic features, go-fast model
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 11:09 a.m. EDT October 11, 2014
Elon Musk talks to USA Today's Chris Woodyard about the features on the new Model S.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk announces new features in the all-electric car, with the aid of a giant robotic arm. Tesla announced Thursday that the all-wheel-drive versions of its Model S electric car will manage a slight increase in range of about 10 miles on a charge vs. the rear-drive models — for a maximum of 275 miles — because of efficiencies designed into the new system.
(Photo: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
5162 CONNECT 916 TWEET 257 LINKEDIN 58 COMMENTEMAILMORE
HAWTHORNE, Calif. — Tesla Motors didn't  announce the self-driving car that some had expected, but did roll out an exotic suite of driver-aid and safety features Thursday night.
CEO Elon Musk said additional features over time, combined with the ones announced Thursday, will give the car semi-autonomous abilities, like setting auto-pilot on an airplane.
Investors aren't hitting the gas pedal on Tesla stock. Shares were down 6.4% as of midafternoon Friday.
Tesla also said at a big briefing event here that it'll have a hopped-up version of its Model S that has all-wheel drive and blasts to 60 mph in little more than 3 seconds.
Guest test-drive the new Tesla Model S P85D after Tesla Motors  announced its new all-wheel-drive version of the Tesla Model S car 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Elon Musk, Tesla CEO, discusses new technologies that before an event for Tesla owners and the media held at the Hawthorne Airport near Los Angeles 
(Photo: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
heTesla P85D --- AWD cars will carry the designation D, and the new top version of the AWD Model S will be designated P85D. 
(Photo: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
The new Tesla "D" model electric sedan number is seen after Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla, unveiled the dual engine chassis of the new Tesla 'D' model, a faster and all-wheel-drive version of the Model S electric sedan 
(Photo: Kevork Djansezian, Getty Images)
A guest test drives Tesla Motors' new version of its Model S sedan, the P85D, in Hawthorne, Calif., 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
A guest test drives Tesla Motors' new version of its Model S sedan 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Guest test-drive the new Tesla Model S P85D after Tesla Motors Inc., announced its new all-wheel-drive version 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors Inc., shows how the sensing features being addedd to the Model S electric sedan work 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors Inc., announces its new Tesla "D", a new all-wheel-drive version of the Tesla Model S 
(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Last Slide Next Slide
Musk said in an interview with USA TODAY that one of his favorite cars was the super-fast McLaren F1, a high-dollar, low-volume production car with racing attributes. Musk thinks the quickest Tesla will match the McLaren's 3.2-second sprint to 60 mph from standstill.
"It's like having your own personal roller coaster," he says.
Tesla's stock drives itself off a cliff
Tesla's moves are closely watched by its shareholders, who seem to bid up stock prices wildly, then sell, so the Tesla shares TSLA rocket, then tumble, more like technology stocks than auto-company stocks. And the electric-carmaker's moves often are considered a foretaste of what mainstream automakers might need to emulate to stay abreast of the latest technology.
Tesla announced Thursday that the all-wheel-drive versions of its Model S electric car will manage a slight increase in range of about 10 miles on a charge vs. the rear-drive models — for a maximum of 275 miles — because of efficiencies designed into the new system.
The AWD cars have a second electric motor to drive the front wheels. AWD hybrids, such as the Lexus RX, likewise use separate electric motors front and rear to eliminate the need for a front-to-rear driveshaft and other cumbersome AWD hardware.
Musk, though, called his system "a huge improvement" that he claims is  "taking the technology to the next level."
The AWD cars will carry the designation D, and the new top version of the AWD Model S will be designated P85D. Buyers begin receiving those in December.
The other AWD models, 60D and 85D, arrive in buyers' hands in February.
Meet Dual Motor Model S: 60D, 85D & P85D. And introducing Autopilot. http://t.co/G61LrT9jG4 pic.twitter.com/J9bDVgMDGI
— Tesla Motors (@TeslaMotors) October 10, 2014
The addition of all-wheel drive will allow Tesla to compete more vigorously in the snowy East and Midwest, broadening its buyer base beyond the Sunbelt.
Jaguar made a similar move to AWD in 2013, figuring it was competing in a shrinking slice of the luxury market without AWD, offered by most rivals.
Tesla's suite of safety features and driver aids is partly catch-up, partly leapfrog.Tesla says the cars it's building now have forward-mounted radar, a camera and 12 sensors each able to "see" 16 feet to enable the safety tech. Those can't be retrofitted to older models, Tesla says.
It also ties the system into the steering, braking and GPS, making it capable of unusual tricks that can't be matched by other cars.
Highlights:
•The new system will move the car over a lane when the driver uses the turn signal.
•The car reads speed-limit signs and adjusts the car to the speed on the sign.
•Drivers will be able to get out of the car in their driveways and watch it park itself in the garage. When drivers are ready to leave, the car will able to drive itself up, with the car's temperature and stereo system set to the driver's preferences.
"It will come to you wherever you are," Musk says. "It will slowly make its way to you."
Other features match the lane-departure warnings and additional safety and driver-help features that are getting common.
Brands from Mercedes-Benz and Infiniti to more mainstream nameplates such as Hyundai have features that will keep a car in its lane, steer it back if it begins to wander, stop without driver help if it's racing too fast toward the car ahead.
The new AWD versions of the Model S made their debut at a general-aviation airport in this Los Angeles suburb. The ceremony included scores of current Model S owners.
Owner Nikki Lennertz says she was impressed. "I think Elon Musk is a game changer" and she said what he's doing with electric cars "will change the auto industry in general."
5162 CONNECT 916 TWEET 257 LINKEDIN 58 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xvCQ47
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

DDA extends penalty relief schemeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bernanke - aka Edward Quince - on AIG dealBernanke defends AIG bailout in court
By Robin Harding and Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/118f0ea6-4fd4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

T D Power Systems stock climbs 17%T D Power Systems stock climbs 17%
Infosys gains over 6% in a subdued marketInfosys gains over 6% in a subdued market
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 11:44 AM IST
Infosys impressive Q2 results has kept benchmark indices tethered though weakness persists in early noon trades amid concerns about global economic recovery which led to massive sell off at Wall Street and decline in Asian markets.
Meanwhile, today the government will release Index of Industrial Production data for August. August IIP is expected to grow 2.4% compared with 0.5% in July.
At 11.30 Am, Sensex is trading at 26,374 with a loss of 260 points while Nifty is at 7,833 with a loss of 77 points.
In the broader market, BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap index are trading with a loss around 0.8%.
Market breadth is weak with almost two decline for every advance.
Rupee is trading at 61.17 compared to earlier close of 61.04 against US Dollar.
 
Asian Markets
Asian stocks tracked overnight losses on wall Street as weak August export data from Germany raised concerns that the global economic growth is still struggling. Crude oil prices also fell to two-year lows as demand for the commodity is likely to remain sluggish amid global economic growth concerns. Shares in Japan were trading lower with the benchmark Nikkei down 1% while shares in Hong Kong were trading 1.6% lower. Straits Times was down 0.9% and Shanghai Composite was down 0.8%.
US stocks slumped on Thursday and the S&P 500 recorded its highest percentage fall in six months amid global growth concerns. Discouraging exports and industrial production from Germany, Europe's largest economy, also dampened sentiment.
Sectors and Shares
Except BSE IT and Teck Sector with around 2% advance and BSE Reality which is flat all other secotrs are posting losses.
Infosys is the biggest gainer surging around 6%.The country’s second largest IT firm in terms of market value had profit of Rs 2,886 crore in June 2014 quarter. Total consolidated revenues, grew 4.5% to Rs 13,342 crore in the September quarter, as against Rs 12,770 crore in the June quarter, Infosys said in a statement.
Infosys announced that its board recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue, viz., a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held.
Among other IT majors, TCS and Wipro are trading flat.
Profit booking has kept bank shares under pressure. ICICI, HDFC, Axis and SBI have lost between 1% to 2%.
After gaining in a bullish market, pharma shares are subdued.Cipla and Sun Pharma have lost 1.2-1.4% each while Dr Reddys lab is gaining 0.3%.
BHEL has continued to benefit after bagging Ennore supercritical power project. It is gaining around 1.5%.
Tata group shares are under pressure. Tata motors and Tata Steel have lost more than 3%.
Among other stocks,Shares of oil marketing companies,BPCL and HPCL have gained around 1.3 on back of  Brent crude prices dipping below $90 a barrel.
Apollo Tyres has moved higher by 4% to Rs 224, also its new high on National Stock Exchange (NSE), extending its past three day’s rally, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said foreign investors can now buy up to 45% stake in the tyre manufacturer.
T D Power Systems has surged 18% to Rs 396 after HDFC Mutual Fund acquired additional stake in the company through open market transaction.
 

Infy Q2 PAT at Rs 3 096 cr | Live | ET View: Well begun  SikkaYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Vishal Sikka's Infosys beats estimates, Q2 net up 28.6%
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.33AM IST
(Infosys, India's second…)
BANGALORE: Infosys announced better-than-expected revenue and profit growth for the July-September quarter and cheered investors with a generous dividend and bonus.
The Bangalore-based company's profit grew 28.6% in the second quarter. However, Friday was dominated by CEO Vishal Sikka's enumeration of the strategic direction in which he is leading the country's secondlargest software exporter.
Sikka, 47, the first non-founder to take the top job at the Bangalore-based company, promised to remake Infosys as a "next-generation company" as he attempts to balance the twin priorities of pushing growth momentum in the traditional business while preparing to compete for leadership in technology areas such as social, mobile, cloud computing and data analytics.
"We not only aspire for consistent and profitable growth but indeed to get back to being a bellwether company for the industry," said Sikka, a former member of the board at German software company SAP who took over as CEO in August after founder N R Narayana Murthy surprisingly decided to step away after returning as chairman last June. "And we want to do that on the basis of innovation, on the basis of technology."
Infosys kicked off earnings season with second-quarter revenue of $2,201 million. At 3.2%, revenue growth over the previous quarter was robust by Infosys' standards and good augury for the rest of the industry.
The company did not, however, alter its guidance of 7-9% growth for the year to March 2015. Software body Nasscom has forecast 13-15% growth for the industry. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 26.1%.
Dividend of Rs 30 a Share
Consolidated net profit rose to Rs 3,096 crore in the July-September quarter, 2014-15, from Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period. "On several fronts, our efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter", said chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao. "We have seen positive results of some of our interventions on sales, margins and attrition, and we will continue to focus on these areas."
Infosys declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 a share, compared to Rs 20 a share in the previous year. The company also announced a bonus issue of one share for every share held, helping push the company fs stock higher by as much as 7.1%, outpacing the benchmark Nifty index on the National Stock Exchange which was down nearly 1%.
Sikka, who is regarded as the main architect of SAP 's blockbuster HANA platform for realtime analytics, said much of his strategy is work in progress. He promised details about milestones around April next year and predicted it will required 2-3 for "meaningful benefits " from the new blueprint for Infosys.
Analysts are of the view that much of the optimism about Infosys is because of " Sikka the man" referring to his credentials as a technologist, entrepreneur and high-ranking executive at one of the world 's leading software companies.
I am not very optimistic until FY17, h said an analyst at a foreign brokerage, saying it will be at least two years before Infosys can match industry growth rates. While Sikka goes all-in by committing to technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation, experts are of the view that implementation could prove to be a challenge. "The main challenge for Sikka is cultural transformation that impacts each and every business function at Infosys," said Frederic Giron, vice-president and research director at Forrester Research.
In the immediate future, the biggest worry for the company could be the continued exodus of staff, including senior management, with the attrition rate touching a record high of 20.1% at the end of September 30, compared to 19.5% at the end of June. However, Infosys said that it expects attrition to come down in the next couple of quarters to 13-15%.
Moreover, Infosys added a net of only two clients during the quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kerala fisheries varsity sets up digital libraryKerala fisheries varsity sets up digital library
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Oct 10:  
The Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies (KUFOS) has set up a D-Space Digital Library and Automated Library Information System with Wi-Fi connectivity.
Inaugurating the facility, State Fisheries Minister K Babu, said the digital library system would help improve fisheries education in the country. It would make information sharing and gathering more effective and easy. KUFOS could make a database of rare fish species and fisheries resources of the State, he said, adding that popular new media could be used to reach out to people effectively.
Speaking on the occasion, B. Madhusoodana Kurup, Vice-Chancellor, said the digital resources of fisheries information prepared by KUFOS would help usher in a second blue revolution in the country.
KUFOS would be made a hub for fisheries information. Information of use to fish farmers in their daily activities has been included in the digital library. Traditional knowledge and sayings have also been listed in the system. The system has been set up with financial assistance from the Indian Council for Agriculture Research, he added.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Cyclone Hudhud approaches Odisha  Andhra; relief teams make final preparationsOct 10, 2014 at  03:48pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud approaches Odisha, Andhra; relief teams make final preparations
28
3
New Delhi: Cyclone Hudhud is fast approaching the Odisha and North Andhra Pradesh coast. It is likely to make landfall at Visakhapatnam on Sunday afternoon.
Odisha government has asked the Center to send satellite phones for rescue and relief work. Home Minister Rajnath Singh has also spoken to the chief ministers of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Odisha, and discussed the plan to combat cyclone Hudhud.
Cyclonic storm Hudhud over East Central Bay of Bengal moved westnorth westward and lay centred over West Central Bay and adjoining East Central Bay at 17.30 hours at about 675 km east-southwest of Visakhapatnam, a weather office report said.
#cyclone hudhud #odisha #andhra pradesh #telangana
NDRF DIG SS Guleria said, "we have sent 15 teams in Andhra Pradesh. Each team has 45 officers. We have also sent boats to deal with flood situation. Evacuation will start from tomoorw morning. Evacuation of animals will also be done."
"As per the current assessment, the cyclone will cross Visakhapatnam by October 12. It is likely to cross the east coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur in the afternoon of the 12th," LS Rathore, Director General of the IMD, said.
He also said that the wind speed of Hudhud was much lower in comparison to the devastating Cyclone Phailin that hit the Odisha coast in October 2013, but the two cyclonic storms belonged to the same category.
"If we compare this system to Cyclone Phailin, then we can say that the wind speed is much lower. Cyclone Phailin had speeds going up to 200kph, but the category of both the systems are same," Rathore said.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has said its preparations are on war-footing to deal with any emergency.
"We have deployed battalions in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh. We have sent teams to Visakhapatnam on Thursday morning," OP Singh, the Director General of the NDRF, said.
"We have also kept our forces in West Bengal on alert. We will also be activating our control rooms in the areas which are likely to be affected," he said.
The official said that the priority was to set up communications, which is often the first casualty of any natural disaster.
84

Charles Darwin s letter on sex life of barnacles  vintage Apple 1 from 1976 up for auctionOct 10, 2014 at 12:34pm IST
Charles Darwin's letter on sex life of barnacles, vintage Apple 1 from 1976 up for auction
38
0
New York: A letter by Charles Darwin on the sex life of barnacles and a still-working vintage Apple computer - one of only 50 made in Steve Jobs' garage in 1976 - are among the unique pieces of science history up for auction this month.
Buyers at the October 22 event at Bonhams will need deep pockets. The Steve Wozniak-designed Apple 1 computer is estimated to bring $300,000 to $500,000. One sold at auction last year for $671,000.
For something really exotic, potential buyers can fork over an estimated $150,000 to $250,000 for a Manhattan Project viewing window that shielded scientists on the secret World War II bomb project from radiation. The clear yellow glass, measuring approximately 3 feet by 4 feet and weighing 1,500 pounds, contains 70 per cent lead oxide.
The auction also includes the earliest electric keyboard and a rare 1905 Helmholtz sound synthesiser.
#auction #charles darwin #apple 1 #steve jobs
"It's the first time a full window from the Manhattan Project has come on the market," said Cassandra Hatton, Bonhams' specialist on the history of science.
The auction also has a wide range of globes and other technological instruments. They include the earliest electric keyboard, a rare 1905 Helmholtz sound synthesizer with a pre-sale estimate of $20,000 to $30,000.
Hatton says this is Bonhams' first sale in New York of artifacts of science and technology, which has become a growing area of interest among tech-savvy buyers.
"I think increasingly things - the stuff of our world - is attracting collectors who consider and value the historical and cultural context of artifacts as much as their material value," added Sarah Lichtman, director of The New School's master's degree program in the history of decorative arts and design.
Darwin's 1857 letter to a colleague about barnacles is "classic Darwin" and "definitely amusing," said David Kohn, director and general editor of the Darwin Manuscripts Project at the American Museum of Natural History. "It's Darwin's passion for the meaning of sex," Kohn said.
In the letter, estimated to bring $20,000 to $30,000, Darwin says he wants to learn more about the sex act of barnacles, such things as "were the specimens under water at times" and "if the recipient was in full vigor?"
The letter's historical significance, Kohn said, "is that Darwin's still pursuing this evolutionary theme of reproduction. ... Darwin is observing, fishing and finding the exact significance of it."
Kohn said there's a big market for Darwin letters.
Added Lichtman: "All I can say about that is: Sex sells."
This undated photo provided by Bonhams shows the signature of Charles Darwin on a June 19, 1876 letter that is among the items being offered for auction on October 22, 2014 by Bonhams auction house in New York. The letter by Darwin to a colleague, on the sex life of barnacles, has a pre-sale estimate of $20,000 to $30,000.
This undated photo provided by Bonhams shows a vintage 1976 Apple 1 computer that is among the items being offered for auction on October 22, 2014 by Bonhams auction house in New York. The Steve Wozniak-designed computer is estimated to bring $300,000 to $500,000. Only 15 have been documented as operational with one selling at auction last year for $671,000.
This undated photo provided by Bonhams shows a viewing window that shielded Manhattan Project scientists on the secret World War II bomb project from radiation. The 1,500 pound glass, measuring approximately 3 by 4 feet, contains 70 per cent lead oxide and is among the items being offered for auction on October 22, 2014 by Bonhams auction house in New York.
1

Indag Rubber drops ex-dividendIndag Rubber drops ex-dividend
Crude below $90/bbl; BPCL  Shalimar Paints  Apollo Tyres upCrude below $90/bbl; BPCL  Shalimar Paints  Apollo Tyres up
Sensex slumps 220 points; Infosys climbs 7%Sensex slumps 220 points; Infosys climbs 7%
Hudhud to make landfall in AP near Vizag on Oct12The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kmph, gusting to 155 kmph from October 12 morning.
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 10, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:51 pm
Cyclone Hudhud would cross North Andhra Pradesh coast on October 12 and is expected to make landfall close to Visakhapatnam, according to Cyclone Warning Centre (CWC) at Visakhapatnam.
“It is forecast that Hudhud, which is already a severe cyclonic storm , will intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm in next 12 hours. Hudhud is likely to make landfall on October 12 close to Visakhapatnam,” IMD’s (Hyderabad centre) assistant meteorologist M Narasimha Rao said today.
The severe cyclonic storm Hudhud over west central Bay and adjoining east central Bay moved north westwards and lay centred at 0230 hrs today at about 610 kms southeast of Visakhapatnam and 630 kms south-south east of Gopalpur in Odisha, the CWC said.
The system would continue to move west-northwestwards and intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm during next 12 hours and cross North Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of October 12.
Under the influence of the system, rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places and isolated extremely heavy falls would occur over East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh from tomorrow evening onwards, according to CWC forecast.
Rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at isolated places over remaining districts of Andhra Pradesh.
Squally winds speed reaching 50 to 60 kmph gusting up to 70 kmph would commence along and off north coastal Andhra Pradesh from tomorrow morning onwards. The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kmph, gusting to 155 kmph from October 12 morning.
Sea condition would be rough to very rough from tomorrow morning. It would gradually become phenomenal from October 12 morning onwards along and off North Andhra Coast.
Storm surge of about 1 to 2 metres above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts at the time of landfall.
Fishermen are advised not to venture into the sea while those out at sea are advised to return to shore, the CWC said.

Buy Wheels India; target of Rs 982: Firstcall ResearchLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Wheels India; target of Rs 982: Firstcall Research
Firstcall Research is bullish on Wheels India and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 982 in its October 09, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Firstcall Research report on Wheels India
“Wheels India (established in 1962) is one of the largest steel wheel manufacturers in the world. The company had turnover of USD 375 Million (FY 2012-13) coming from the segments of Cars/ UVs, Commercial vehicles, Tractors, Single Piece wheels and Construction & Earth Mover wheels. The company also manufactures air suspension kits for trucks and buses. With over 15 % of its turnover coming from exports, particularly from the Construction & Earth Mover equipment segment, it is truly a global player in the auto components industry. Wheels India started production of wheels for commercial vehicles in 1962 at company plant in Padi, Chennai. The company started the production of car and tractor wheels in Padi in 1965. In 1972, the company made a foray into the construction equipment sector with Hindustan Motors (now CAT India). In 1982, the company opened its second facility in Rampur for tractor wheels. Wheels India entered the wire wheel business in 1988 and also entered the air suspension market under the brand “WILRIDE”. In 1998, the company opened a facility in Pune to cater to this growing automotive hub. This facility manufactures wheels for car, trucks and busses. The 2000s represented a decade of growth for the company and 2000 marked its entry to the earth mover market with 35” and 49” wheels. In 2005 the company started manufacturing forged aluminium wheels to cater to the growing after market for truck and trailer manufacturers. 2007 marked the setup of 2 new facilities in Sriperumbudur for Big EM wheels and Bawal for car wheels. In 2009 the company setup a new facility in Pantnagar to cater to the growing truck and light commercial vehicle business. Wheels India is a partner to various Global OEMs like Ford, Hyundai, Tata, Caterpillar, John Deere, Komatsu, Hyundai Heavy Industries, Case New Holland, Leyland, Tafe and Suzuki.”
“At the current market price of Rs.892.95, the stock P/E ratio is at 31.91 x FY15E and 27.50 x FY16E respectively. Earning per share (EPS) of the company for the earnings for FY15E and FY16E is seen at Rs. 27.98 and Rs. 32.47 respectively. Net Sales and PAT of the company are expected to grow at a CAGR of 6% and 7% over 2013 to 2016E respectively. On the basis of EV/EBITDA, the stock trades at 7.63 x for FY15E and 7.00 x for FY16E. Price to Book Value of the stock is expected to be at 2.70 x and 2.46 x respectively for FY15E and FY16E. We recommend ‘BUY’ in this particular scrip with a target price of Rs.982.00 for Medium to Long term investment,” says Firstcall Research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nischal Maheshwari positive on InfosysLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nischal Maheshwari positive on Infosys
Nischal Maheshwari of Edelweiss Securities has a positive view on Infosys.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Nischal Maheshwari of Edelweiss Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We have been very positive on Infosys for a pretty long time and our thesis have always been that Infosys  was on the right path. Vishal Sikka, very translucently has put out his vision saying that he is going to be adopting newer technologies to achieve or do the same work what they have been doing. This is already been done by companies like Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS) and HCL Technologies . So this is what he is now actually looking to do and we have to just see how this journey is going to be and continue to remain positive on Infosys."
At 13:12 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 3,898, up Rs 252.45, or 6.92 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 3,908.60.
RELATED NEWS

Aircel-Maxis deal row: SC adjourns hearing till next weekAircel-Maxis deal row: SC adjourns hearing till next week
Hudhud  to make landfall near Visakhapatnam on Oct 12Hudhud  to make landfall near Visakhapatnam on Oct 12
Aurobindo Pharma trades higher on the boursesAurobindo Pharma trades higher on the bourses
Cairn India shares fall; HSBC cuts to underweightCairn India shares fall; HSBC cuts to underweight
FTSE 100 touches new year-low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d228d886-5051-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US senators want  bigger  role for UNNew Delhi, October 9, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 21:24 IST
India-Pak conflict
US senators want 'bigger' role for UN
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
The Hindu Senator Tim Kaine and Senator Angus King, speaking to journalists in New Delhi on Thursday, said: “As a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the U.N. does a good job and in that sense, their participation should be welcomed.”
TOPICS
international organisation
Timothy Kaine and Angus King said they are "concerned" over the rising tensions at the India-Pakistan Line of Control.
U.S. Senators Timothy Kaine and Angus King said they are “concerned” over the rising tensions at the India-Pakistan Line of Control.
Speaking to journalists in New Delhi on Thursday, the senators raised some eyebrows by also suggesting that the United Nations could play a “bigger role” in the conflict. “I welcome the comments of the U.N. Secretary General calling for diplomatic efforts and dialogue to end the worrying situation between India and Pakistan,” said Mr. King, referring to a statement from U.N. Secretary General’s spokesperson Stephanie Dujarric asking India and Pakistan to “resolve their issues”.
While the U.N. Secretary General stuck to India’s stated position on a bilateral resolution to the LoC with Pakistan, the U.S. Senators may have stepped out of line by calling for a greater role in the dispute, adding “As a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the U.N. does a good job and in that sense their participation should be welcomed.”
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Kaine said he also welcomed Prime Minister Modi’s statement that a resolution would be found “very soon” and called it “very encouraging”.
Senator Kaine said his visit to India, including meeting defence officials and visiting Mumbai to interact with businessmen had given them an “opportunity to better understand India’s concerns”. Just before visiting India, Mr. Kaine had also met with Pakistan’s Ambassador to US Jalil Jilani.
According to an official statement quoted in Pakistani papers, Mr. Kaine “appreciated Pakistan’s efforts to address terrorism, and assured of US support for peace and stability in the region.”

US and Turkey in diplomatic stand-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3321901c-4fbf-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Symantec splits amid cyber competitionSymantec splits amid cyber competition
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02cfd5ae-4ff6-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi campaigns for candidate with criminal taint in MaharashtraModi campaigns for candidate with criminal taint in Maharashtra
Yogesh Joshi , Hindustan Times  Pune, October 09, 2014
First Published: 20:50 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigned for a controversial Bharatiya Janata Party candidate on Thursday, asking people gathered at a rally in Maharashtra’s Rahuri city to re-elect the local legislator who faces a dozen criminal charges, including that of murder and extortion.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares dais with Shivaji Kardile (extreme right - in white cap) at a public rally in Rahuri of Ahmednagar district. (HT Photo)
The Prime Minister’s support to Shivaji Kardile, ironically, came in a speech exhorting the public to shun tainted politicians of rivals Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
“If they want (you) to vacate houses or shops, the bahubali (strongman) comes to your doorstep. The time has come to send these bahubalis to jail,” Modi said, blaming the Cong-NCP combine, which was in an alliance until recently, for ‘encouraging criminalisation of politics”.
Maharashtra goes to polls on October 15 to elect a new state government.
The BJP nominee Kardile, who was on the stage with Modi on Thursday, spent a year behind bars in 2002 for his role in the district cooperative bank scam. In 2011, he was booked for murder and subsequently for criminal intimidation, forgery and attempted murder in other cases.
“All these cases against me have been slapped by my rivals to defame me. The rivals may have been making it an issue but the people of my constituency are with me,” Kardile said in his defence.
Thursday’s campaign rally was not the first instance of the PM seeking votes for a tainted candidate. On Tuesday, he shared stage with Anil Gote, an accused in the multi-crore Telgi scam.
The BJP’s rivals are increasingly accusing it of nominating persons with criminal background. Out of the 55 people the party has poached from its rivals ahead of the Maharashtra assembly polls, three face criminal charges.

Rupee Edges Lower to 61.17 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Edges Lower to 61.17 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 11:05 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 61.16/17 compared with its previous close of 61.04/05 on Thursday. The pair is seen in a 61.00 to 61.30 range during the day.
Nifty was trading down around 1 per cent, to be monitored for foreign fund flow cues.
Industrial output data due post market on Friday, inflation data next week are the key for near-term direction.
Weak German export data raises fears of recession in the heart of Europe. Most Asian stock indexes fall.
Asian currencies were trading weaker versus the dollar.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

http://usat.ly/ZSKqLlDairy Queen says data breached at stores
Ice cream and fast food chain says 395 stores nationwide were affected in August and September.
Post to Facebook
Dairy Queen says data breached at stores Ice cream and fast food chain says 395 stores nationwide were affected in August and September. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vUNLVL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dairy Queen says data breached at stores
AP 6:50 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
NEW YORK, NY - MAY 29:  A S'mores flavored blizzard is seen at a Dairy Queen, the first to open in Manhattan, on May 29, 2014 in New York City.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
1505 CONNECT 107 TWEET 36 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK (AP) — Dairy Queen says that its payment systems were breached by hackers who may have gained access to customer names, credit and debit card numbers and expiration dates.
The ice cream and fast food chain says 395 of its stores around the country were affected. The data breach happened between August and September.
Dairy Queen says it worked with law enforcement authorities and credit card companies to investigate the breach. It says there's no evidence Social Security numbers, personal identification numbers or email addresses were accessed. The Edina, Minnesota-based company is offering customers free identity repair services.
A number of retailers, including Home Depot, Target and Michael's have been the target of cyberattacks in the past year.
Here's the list of affected stores: http://www.dq.com/datasecurityincident/affected-stores .
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vUNLVL
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rk3ebDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ex-wife of Glock founder sues him over millions
ATLANTA (AP) — The ex-wife of Gaston Glock, founder of the firearms company, in a lawsuit Thursday accused him and his associates of conspiring to cheat her out of millions of dollars.  They participated in a
Post to Facebook
Ex-wife of Glock founder sues him over millions ATLANTA (AP) — The ex-wife of Gaston Glock, founder of the firearms company, in a lawsuit Thursday accused him and his associates of conspiring to cheat her out of millions of dollars.  They participated in a Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xuF43C
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ex-wife of Glock founder sues him over millions
Kate Brumback , The Associated Press 5:56 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
A firearms safety instructor in Fort Myers, Fla., says he'll train any teacher who wants to carry a gun. He believes that with training in the proper procedures to use a gun, such as this Glock, an armed teacher, parent or principal could prevent another school massacre.
(Photo: Frank S. Folwell, USA TODAY)
137 CONNECT 61 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
ATLANTA (AP) — After working decades to build a wildly successful firearms company, Gaston Glock conspired with associates to push out his ex-wife and business partner of almost 50 years and steal millions of dollars from her, according to a lawsuit filed Thursday in federal court in Atlanta.
They participated in a worldwide racketeering scheme aimed at taking money from Helga Glock, who was divorced from her husband in 2011, through various criminal methods, including improper royalty payments, laundering money through fraudulent billing companies, and sham lease and loan agreements, the lawsuit claims.
A woman who answered the phone Thursday in the media relations department at Glock, the company's U.S. headquarters, referred questions to the company's lawyer but then hung up before giving a name or contact number. She did not answer when called back and did not immediately respond to a voice message.
Several lawyers who have previously represented Glock Inc. in legal disputes did not immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
The lawsuit details what it claims are the exploits of a man who regularly engaged in unscrupulous business practices and kept a stash of "fun money" used to "cavort with women around the world," going so far as to buy homes for some mistresses in the Atlanta area.
Glock's actions toward his family "resemble the senseless and self-destructive rage of Shakespeare's King Lear, when he foolishly mistreats a loyal but candid daughter, Cordelia, in favor of cunning and ruthless flatterers," the lawsuit says. "Perhaps neither pathology nor psychology can provide a satisfactory explanation for why an aging billionaire would spend his twilight years seeking to terrorize members of his own family."
Helga Glock's lawsuit asks for a jury trial and seeks potential total damages of approximately $500 million, as well as attorney fees. She also asks a judge to stop the defendants from continuing their alleged misconduct.
Helga and Gaston Glock met in 1958 and married in 1962. They started a company in 1963 that eventually became a gun manufacturer called Glock Ges.m.b.H. in 1983, according to the lawsuit. Gaston Glock established a U.S. subsidiary of the company in Smyrna, just outside Atlanta, in 1985.
Glock's pistols quickly became popular among law enforcement officers and civilians alike, and the U.S. subsidiary became a main economic engine for the company, the lawsuit says.
Gaston Glock and his associates had complete disregard for any form of corporate structure and set up a network of sham companies in locations that included Bermuda, Curacao, Hong Kong, Ireland, Liberia, Luxembourg and Panama, the lawsuit says. They transferred money out of Glock and into shell companies he owned or controlled to hide the origins of the money, the lawsuit alleges.
Gaston Glock avoided questions from his wife and business partner using intimidation and demanding trust, telling her it would be better if she wasn't involved in their finances, the lawsuit says. She trusted and relied on him.
"While Glock Sr. had been promising his wife that all of his efforts were directed at building up the Company, and preserving it for the family's future, he and his associates had instead been systematically stealing from, and laundering the proceeds through separately-owned business entities and bank accounts," the lawsuit says.
Until 1999, Gaston Glock owned 85% of the shares of the Austrian parent company and Helga Glock owned 15%.
Gaston Glock and his associates created foundations and convinced Helga Glock and their children to contribute their assets and waive inheritance rights, ostensibly to benefit them and protect the family's control of the company, the lawsuit says. Helga Glock was left with a 1% interest in the company, and Gaston Glock had complete control of the trusts, the lawsuit says.
After they divorced, Gaston Glock removed his wife and three adult children as beneficiaries of the foundations and said they and their descendants could not have any further association with the company, the lawsuit says. Shortly after the divorce, Gaston Glock married a woman roughly 50 years his junior.
Thursday's lawsuit is not the first time Helga Glock has turned to this U.S. federal court in a dispute with her ex-husband. In March 2013, she asked the court to help her get financial records for Glock's American companies so she could use them in the couple's divorce proceedings in Austria.
Lawyers for the company have responded in court filings that there's no basis for the federal court to compel the company's U.S. entities to turn over the financial documents because Helga Glock can't use any of them in the Austrian proceedings.
137 CONNECT 61 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xuF43C
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Amazon  Online Shopping Dhamaka  sale: Micromax Canvas A1  iPhone  moreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US warns Ebola could become next AIDS amid fears for Spanish nurseUS warns Ebola could become next AIDS
AFP
Teresa Romero, 44, is "very ill and her life is at serious risk as a consequence of the virus," Madrid's regional president Ignacio Gonzalez told parliament.
She is the first person known to have been infected with Ebola outside Africa.
The United Nations chief meanwhile called for a 20-fold increase in the world's response to the spread of Ebola, which has killed nearly 3,900 people in West Africa since the beginning of the year.
Ebola's spillover into the United States and Europe has raised fears of a wider outbreak, and led the United States, Canada and Britain to start tougher airport screening of passengers arriving from West Africa.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention predicted the number of cases could mount to 1.4 million by January unless strong measures are taken to contain the disease, which is spread though close contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person.
"We have to work now so that it is not the world's next AIDS," CDC Director Tom Frieden told the heads of the United Nations, World Bank and International Monetary Fund gathered in Washington.
"I would say that in the 30 years I've been working in public health, the only thing like this has been AIDS," he added, warning of a "long fight" ahead.
Fate of Spanish nurse
Nurse Romero had treated two elderly missionaries with Ebola.
Health officials said they would monitor about 50 other people -- mostly health staff -- who had been in contact with her for the duration of the 21-day Ebola incubation period.
Thirteen other people are in quarantine at the hospital as a precaution, including Romero's husband and several health workers, according to the latest tally from the hospital.
Among those admitted on Thursday were two hairdressers who had contact with Romero.
One of Ebola's latest victims is Thomas Eric Duncan, the first patient cared for in the United States to die of the disease.
Duncan was the first person diagnosed of Ebola in the United States and the first to die in a US hospital of the hemorrhagic fever that has killed 3,900 in West Africa this year.
Just after his death was announced Wednesday, US officials ordered increased screening at five major airports in Atlanta, Chicago, New Jersey, New York and Washington.
French Health Minister Marisol Touraine said she was working with the authorities in countries badly affected by Ebola "to see in which conditions we can reinforce departure controls".
Britain said it would start "enhanced screening" of people coming from Ebola-hit parts of West Africa at Heathrow and Gatwick airports and on Eurostar trains from Belgium and France.
The European Commission was expected to meet on October 17 to discuss possible new ways to monitor passengers arriving from affected countries.
Watch: First Ebola infection outside West Africa
'Just take action'
Doses of a prototype Ebola vaccine developed by Canada remain in the country even though they were offered to the World Health Organization nearly two months ago, the health minister said Thursday.
"The WHO has not decided when and if it will distribute it," Health Minister Rona Ambrose said. "We hope they are able to use it."
The vaccine has not been tested on humans but has shown promise in animal research, Ambrose said in August.
It is one of two vaccines considered promising by the WHO for clinical trials ahead of commercialization.
The continuing outbreak in West Africa forced officials in Liberia -- the nation worst hit by the Ebola outbreak -- to postpone nationwide elections.
Almost three million voters had been due to go to polling stations on Tuesday, but organisers said there was no way a "mass movement, deployment and gathering of people" could go ahead without endangering lives.
In Guinea, global aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres said a surge of Ebola cases had pushed its treatment unit in the capital Conakry to its "physical limits".
Speaking to the UN, World Bank and IMF chiefs in Washington, Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma assailed the global response to the epidemic thus far, saying it was moving more slowly than the spread of the disease.
"This slower-than-the-virus response needs to change," he said.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said resources to support the fight must be increased 20-fold, and urged nations to act without delay.
"Cases are growing exponentially," Ban said. "Do not wait for consultation. Just take action."
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim admitted that the world was "behind the curve" in the fight against Ebola.
Eleven people in Australia have been tested for Ebola in recent weeks, but so far no cases have been detected,  officials there said Friday.

Not An Ideal Climate to Make Investors Feel ComfortableNot An Ideal Climate to Make Investors Feel Comfortable
Fitch Ratings revises outlook on Jaguar Land Rover to positiveFitch Ratings revises outlook on Jaguar Land Rover to positive
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 12:06 PM IST
Fitch Ratings has revised the Outlook on Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC's (JLR), subsidiary of Tata Motors, outlook to "Positive" from "stable" on continued strong operational performance.
The agency has also affirmed JLR's Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) and senior unsecured debt rating at 'BB-'.
The change in outlook reflects Fitch's expectation that the company will maintain its robust financial profile. This is despite a period of heavy investment in its transition to become a higher volume premium manufacturer.
The positive outlook indicates that an upgrade could occur over the next 24 months if JLR continues to maintain its profitability, generate positive free cash flow (FCF) and increase its breadth and volume of products, FITCH said in statement today.
The successful execution of the Jaguar XE compact sedan model is seen as a key part of this.
It expects JLR's sales and profitability to continue to be robust in the financial year ending 31 March 2015 (FY15) and FY16, supported by a strong product pipeline and healthy global demand for premium vehicles.
"We expect JLR to maintain margins above eight per cent in FY15-16 despite increased costs associated with elevated capex and heightened competition", it said.
Retail volumes in FY14 rose 16 per cent from the previous year on strong sales of the Range Rover Evoque, New Range Rover Sport and the Jaguar XJ, XF and F-Type.
A richer product and geographic mix contributed to the increase in the EBIT margin to 11.7 per cent from 10.8 per cent in FY13, Fitch added

Posion found on Sunanda  probe may re-openComments
The Delhi Police have been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following two fresh forensic reports that point to the presence of poison in her viscera and also say that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal.
The Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS have submitted their reports to the police with a request that the case be re-opened, highly placed police sources told HT on Thursday.
However, senior officers privy to the “informal communication” said both reports were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture” and that they were yet to take a call on their course of action.
Who's lying on Sunanda autopsy: AIIMS or doc?
The FSL wrote to the police first, around 20 days ago, the sources said. “The communication was mainly based on an analysis of Pushkar’s viscera,” said a senior police officer. “According to FSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning.”
Opinion of the medical board from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/HJkHI7pIzq
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
List of undetectable poisons from the 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/aUrhto2dnT
— Jatin Anand (@JatinPaul) October 10, 2014
The FSL is also understood to have written to AIIMS, which then conducted its own examination of the viscera and forwarded a 12-page report to the police. AIIMS confirmed it had sent a report to the police but refused to go into details.
“The AIIMS report just reiterated the results forwarded to us by FSL. All it said was that Pushkar could not have died of an Alprax overdose,” said an officer, adding, “At the same time, both communications failed to specify the nature of poison that they claimed led to her death.”
Sunanda Pushkar's death: Tharoor demands speedy probe to end speculation
 
Pushkar, 52, was found dead in her suite at the Leela Palace hotel on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with a Pakistani journalist over the latter’s alleged affair with her husband, former Union minister Shashi Tharoor.
In July, Tharoor had sought a speedy inquiry for a “clear and definitive conclusion” to the death of his wife in the wake of reported claims by a senior forensic doctor at AIIMS that he was pressured to manipulate the autopsy report.
Medical board questions police investigation in 'new' #SunandaPushkar autopsy report #sunanda pic.twitter.com/BSZueTwBDR

Federal Bank ties up with IIFL to offer enhanced broking servicesFederal Bank ties up with IIFL to offer enhanced broking services
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Kerala-based old private sector lender Federal Bank has announced a partnership with India Infoline, a part of IIFL Group, to offer enhanced broking services.
Federal Bank customers in India and abroad will be offered IIFL’s enhanced broking services, the bank said in a statement.
Ashutosh Khajuria, President, Treasury and Head, Network II, Federal Bank, said, “India Infoline has one of the finest broking services across the industry and we are happy that Federal Bank customers will benefit from the relationship. We aim to connect our customers in India and abroad to one of the most trustworthy brands in broking.”
R Venkataraman, Managing Director, IIFL Group, said, “Federal Bank’s reach across India and overseas will benefit IIFL immensely. We want to remain their trusted partner to millions of Federal Bank customers and assist them in their investments.”
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

DHFL introduces festive offer on home loansDHFL introduces festive offer on home loans
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Housing finance company DHFL has announced a fixed processing fee structure for all salaried home loan customers as part of the DHFL Diwali Dhamaka Offer.
This festive offer is valid from October 1 to October 31, 2014, the company said in a statement.
The company will charge a processing fee of Rs 5,000 on loans up to Rs 30 lakh, Rs 10,000 on loans between Rs 30 lakh and 75 lakh, and Rs 20,000 on loans above Rs 75 lakh in addition to the documentation and tax charges.
Deo Shankar Tripathi, President & COO of DHFL said, “DHFL Diwali Dhamaka is yet another initiative from us to encourage every Indian to buy a home of his/ her own. During this auspicious festive season, we believe that a fixed processing fee structure will provide customers one more reason to buy their dream home without financial access being a deterrent. This offer is available at all DHFL offices across India.”
DHFL offers home loan products such as home loans, home extension loans, home improvement loans, plot loans, mortgage loans, leased rental finance and non-residential property loans. DHFL also offers project loans essentially for development of low and middle-income (LMI) housing projects.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys roars 7%; hits all-time high @ Rs 3 908 | Nifty defends 7 900Infosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why dollar will strenghten against the rupeeHi Guest
Why dollar will strenghten against the rupee
The reasons the dollar is up are structural - and it may underpin a revival of the India story, notes Akash Prakash. The dollar has been strengthening for some time now. Since this rally began in July 2014, the dollar has strengthened against 32 of the 33 major currencies of the world, the sole exception being the Chinese yuan. The worst affected currencies have been the rouble, the New Zealand dollar and the Brazilian real, all of which have weakened in excess of 10 per cent. The rupee has ...

India  US to develop a forum for easier FDI inflowHi Guest
India, US to develop a forum for easier FDI inflow
The Indian and American governments are jointly developing a forum that will lay down a road map for easier inflow of both foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign institutional investment (FII) into this country. The forum will aim at enhancing flows from institutional investors and corporate entities, primarily by facilitating individual proposals and projects. “The US is the leading source of FDI and FII in the world. The Indo-US Investment Initiative will be led by our ministry of ...

Nissan launches limited edition Terrano starting Rs 12.83 lakhNissan launches special edition Terrano in India, priced starting Rs 12.83 lakh
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 14:22 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Japanese carmaker Nissan on Friday launched a special edition of its mid-sized sports utility vehicle Terrano priced starting Rs 12,83,645 (ex-showroom Delhi) to commemorate the vehicle's first anniversary in the country.
This special version will come with a bundle of styling and convenience features, both on the exterior and interior front, Nissan India said in a statement, adding that only 450 units of the anniversary edition would be sold across the country.
"This limited 'Anniversary Edition' is an invitation to our customers to celebrate Terrano's success. We are sure that these exclusive touches will excite our customers and make their Terrano experience even better," Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said.
The vehicle would be available in two trims, priced at Rs 12,83,645 and Rs 13,13,725 (ex-showroom Delhi).

Telenor seeks more spectrum in India  says o...You are here: Home > Collections > Uninor
Telenor CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas seeks more spectrum in India, says open to M&A
Romit Guha, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 02.03PM IST
Tags:
3G
(He urged the Indian government…)
Norwegian telco Telenor's CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas urged the Indian government to release more spectrum, and added that it is open for M&A in the country, but current rules don't encourage such a move.
"Countries release nearly 100% spectrum for commercial use, but in India, a comparably smaller amount of spectrum is released, which needs to be changed," Baksaas told ET during an exclusive interaction. He is here In India for a few days reviewing the progress of the company's India unit, Uninor.
He added that the Indian government should not charge hefty upfront payments from the industry on account of airwaves but should allow the industry to grow which would bring higher profitability and in turn mean more taxes for the government, he added.
India's telecom sector is one of the most regulated industries where cost of airwaves is far higher than its international counterparts. The industry has been demanding lower base prices for airwaves such that it can take telephony and data services to people countrywide.
Uninor caters to 2G population in its six circles but needs to take a decision soon on how to address the data growth in India given that it doesn't have 3G spectrum and 4G is still a long way from a broader adoption.
"This is something we need to address," Baksaas said, indicating that the company could try to win spectrum in the 900 Mhz band in the upcoming auctions.
He though said that competition would be tough as incumbent operators would bid aggressively to buy back their bandwidth which will be put up for sale as permits are expiring.
The company bought liberalized spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band, which can be used for offering high speed wireless internet services on 4G, however, the ecosystem is yet to develop and at the same time other carriers are expanding their 3G networks.
Uninor currently doesn't have 900 Mhz spectrum which can be used for 3G.
"Uninor is open to participating in the auctions to buy refarmed spectrum provided the modalities are friendly," Baksaas said. He added that the Indian arm of Telenor is a long term investor in India and will explore all options for growth here.
On M&A, Baksaas said that some discussions had happened in India, but nothing has materialized. "More clarity is needed around regulation on M&A without which no consolidation will happen in India," he said.
Having begun operations in 2009, Baksaas said that the company was "at ease in terms of doing business" in India, compared to about five years ago.
"The new government has brought in a lot of enthusiasm for international investors like us and we would like the government to follow up with concrete actions including making more spectrum available which will help us cater to Indian citizens at affordable prices and help fulfill the Digital India project," he said.
Under the 'Digital India' program, the government aims to offer government services to all Indians online and through smartphones by 2019. The Rs 1.13 lakh crore Digital India plan - a top priority for the Narendra Modi-led government - aims to offer a one-stop shop for government services to Indians
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud to make landfall in Andhra Pradesh near Vizag on October 12Updated: October 10, 2014 14:19 IST
Cyclone Hudhud to make landfall in Andhra Pradesh near Vizag on October 12
PTI
After cyclone Hudhud alert, fishermen park their boats at Jalaripeta in Visakhapatam on Thursday. Hudhud is likely to intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm and cross north coastal Andhra on October 12. Photo: K.R. Deepak
VIDEO
cyclones
Cyclone Hudhud would cross North Andhra Pradesh coast on October 12 and is expected to make landfall close to Visakhapatnam, according to Cyclone Warning Centre (CWC) at Visakhapatnam.
“It is forecast that Hudhud, which is already a severe cyclonic storm, will intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm in next 12 hours. Hudhud is likely to make landfall on October 12 close to Visakhapatnam,” IMD’s (Hyderabad centre) assistant meteorologist M. Narasimha Rao said on Friday.
The severe cyclonic storm Hudhud over west central Bay and adjoining east central Bay moved north westwards and lay centred at 0230 hrs on Friday at about 610 km southeast of Visakhapatnam and 630 km south-south east of Gopalpur in Odisha, the CWC said.
The system would continue to move west-northwestwards and intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm during next 12 hours and cross North Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of October 12.
Under the influence of the system, rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places and isolated extremely heavy falls would occur over East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh from tomorrow evening onwards, according to CWC forecast.
Rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at isolated places over remaining districts of Andhra Pradesh.
Squally winds speed reaching 50 to 60 kmph gusting up to 70 kmph would commence along and off north coastal Andhra Pradesh from tomorrow morning onwards. The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kmph, gusting to 155 kmph from October 12 morning.
Sea condition would be rough to very rough from tomorrow morning. It would gradually become phenomenal from October 12 morning onwards along and off North Andhra Coast.
Storm surge of about 1 to 2 metres above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts at the time of landfall.
Fishermen are advised not to venture into the sea while those out at sea are advised to return to shore, the CWC said.

Cyclone Hudhud s impact won t be as severe as PhailinOct 10, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Cyclone Hudhud's impact won't be as severe as Phailin'
The uthorities in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh have planned mass evacuations in the wake of this cyclone.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Cyclone Hudhud's impact won't be as severe as Phailin'
The uthorities in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh have planned mass evacuations in the wake of this cyclone.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 GP Sharma Vice President, Meteorology  Skymet Weather Services spoke about the cyclonic storm Hudhud and how severe its impact could be. Hudhud is likely to hit Odisha and Andhra Pradesh on October 12. The MET department expects Hudhud to get severe in next 12 hours. However, its impact is unlikely to be as severe as that of Phailin.
Below is the edited transcript of GP Sharma's interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh
Latha: Mr Sharma what are you estimating can be the impact of Hudhud at this point? Can it be very severe in the eastern coast?
A: Yes, we see the first cyclonic storm of the post monsoon little early in the season almost on similar line like last year. We still have about almost about 48 hours to go before it strikes the eastern coast and most likely it is going to go for northern parts of Andhra Pradesh coast closer to Visakhapatnam also.
Latha: Is it showing any signs of receding in its strength at all?
A: No. not at all, not at this stage. Actually it is intensifying and though it is a severe cyclonic storm at this moment but it is on the peripherals of even intensifying further to a very severe cyclonic storm shortly.
Latha: So an evacuation would be in order?
A: It is advisable that evacuation should be there as we expect the wind speed to probably exceed even about 150 km/hr which could be devastating particularly the coastal areas at that point of time that the storm is crossing along with the torrential rains and the strong winds it could be devastating. It is highly advisable to evacuate people from the coastal areas specially.
Latha: Is it anything, can the followed be anything bad as phailin was? As well is it a largely cropped area?
A: The storm is not as strong as Phailin which we had last year. However at the same time it does not amount to lowering our guards in any of these respects as the winds to the tune of about even about 150 knm/hr there are good enough to cause large amount of damage to both infrastructure and property as such. So we will advise all those measure which were taken during phailin it should be even followed now also.
RELATED NEWS

Nobel Peace Prize Winner AnnouncementWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
Live Shot Outside Ferguson Court House
LIVE Coverage Calendar

PSU OMCs gain as crude oil slidesPSU OMCs gain as crude oil slides
Maruti Securities to hold board meetingMaruti Securities to hold board meeting
Bombay High Court rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing caseBombay High Court rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing case
Narayana Murthy says no to chairmn Emeritus postNarayana Murthy says no to chairmn Emeritus post
Markets weak ahead of IIP data; BSE Metal index dips 3%Markets weak ahead of IIP data; BSE Metal index dips 3%
Short Tata Motors  target Rs 475: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short Tata Motors, target Rs 475: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends shorting Tata Motors as the stock can test Rs 475.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Most of the metal stocks and auto stocks are looking weak. I would like to go short in Tata Motors  because stock is making head and shoulder pattern. The neckline is placed at around Rs 495. However looking at the pattern it can break that neckline also and it can go down further and can come down to around Rs 475. So that is our target and stoploss should be Rs 507."
At 13:46 hrs Tata Motors was quoting at Rs 498, down Rs 21.95, or 4.22 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 515 and an intraday low of Rs 496.50.
RELATED NEWS

Short JSPL; NMDC can test Rs 147: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short JSPL; NMDC can test Rs 147: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends shorting Jindal Steel & Power and feels that NMDC can test Rs 147.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Most of the metal stocks are looking weak on the charts. Jindal Steel & Power  Limited (JSPL) it is making lower-tops and lower-bottom. Today it has broken the support of Rs 160. It can test Rs 150 in 3-4 trading sessions. So one can go short at current levels with the stoploss of Rs 163."
" NMDC has broken the 200 day moving average. For last 7-8 trading sessions it was taking support over its 200 DMA but today it has broken that support. So we may see further weakness and it can test Rs 147 that is the May 2014 low. So that is our target and stoploss should be Rs 159," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Concert disconcertTweet
The Hindu Conviction and reflection: TM Krishna believes art is a necessity and not a luxury.
TM Krishna challenges and mesmerises his listeners by turns. A recent award resonates with his own journey fuelled by study, experience and self-examination
TM Krishna is among the busiest musicians today, but you won’t see him fiddling distractedly with his cell phone for the simple reason that he doesn’t carry one. Hasn’t for over a year now, it’s too intrusive, he says. “The funny thing is all this access has made us even less sensitive to everything. That’s the great irony of society today,” he says, with a laugh.
Some people would say that’s just like the man, extreme in whatever he does. Krishna, 38, is a bundle of energy, his thoughts spill into a clear stream of words, his antenna continually picks up sights, sounds, smells. Of late, he’s been ruffling rasika’s feathers with concerts that, in their view, subvert the traditional kutcheri (the Carnatic concert) format. By not giving them what they expect, he challenges rasikas to go on their own personal journeys, sometimes free-flying and often disconcerting. Yet, audiences throng to his concerts and leave mesmerised.
Clearly, Krishna is ‘different’. His recently published tome, The Southern Music: The Karnatik Story, is as frank as it is lucid. There are not many practising musicians who would put their professional lives on the line by talking about taboo topics such as caste and discrimination, gender inequality, or, that holy of holies, bhakti in Carnatic music. He does. To declare, in print: “To me, the understanding of Carnatic music as religious appears to be extremely superficial” is sheer gumption. Especially about a system of music that’s seen primarily as religious.
The ‘bhakti’ tag, explains Krishna over tea and fresh lime soda at the Hyatt Regency in Chennai, gives historical, spiritual, intellectual and emotional legitimacy to the musician to place herself/himself at a higher level than the ‘normal’ person. The moment this happens, the idea of hierarchy kicks in. “It gives me the strength to say the audience is receiving something from me which is some way connected with divinity, which is intangible. Now that is purely a power equation. So it gives me comfort to be in that situation. It also gives the composers whose compositions I sing the status of god. It gives the music, especially in a country like India, a religious legitimacy. Now if I say throw out the common understanding of bhakti, then what do I hold on to as a musician?”
It’s a rhetorical question, of course. At this morning’s interaction, courtesy the Indira Sivasailam Foundation, Krishna is all ‘casual’, dressed in comfortable black-and-white pjs and smart white tunic, a far visual cry from the stereotypical Carnatic musician.
“I know that when I had the most intense experience with compositions, I was not at all thinking about the meaning of the words,” says Krishna, controversially, and then launches into a fascinating exposition of the role of linguistics in Carnatic music. Take the word ‘vaggeyakara’, composer. “Vaggeyakara is a unique word,” he emphasises. “It’s a combination of vak and geya, the one who knows music and the one who knows words.” So in the context of Carnatic music, they were always seen together, he believes, suggesting that text, raga and tala were “framed together, created together as a magical being, not a literary being.” In fact, he says, “the whole nature of Carnatic music is beyond linguistics”.
The honour
Krishna was this year’s pick for the Indira Sivasailam endowment medal and concert (held on September 25). The award is named for a great connoisseur of Carnatic music and specifically recognises excellence in performance, audience appeal, adherence to classical traditions while innovating within its framework, depth of knowledge and demonstrated efforts to disseminate knowledge, and the ability to bring about a greater and deeper public appreciation of Carnatic music. You could even say it is a validation of Krishna’s own journey.
It’s been a journey fuelled by study, practice, experience and self-examination. “I am where I am in this journey only after I did what you could call the regular stuff. The reality of today is only there because the reality of the other day also existed,” he explains. But he is quick to add that he tells his students not to do what he has done. In fact, he has no hesitation admitting that a young man who gets stuck with him “is actually as problematic as a young man who is stuck in the system. I tell them, you just have to engage with every swara that you sing, every phrase that you sing. As you get deeper with that intense engagement, then magic starts happening.”
What’s the reality?
Krishna speaks the way he writes in his book and his columns — easily drawing from his own deep reflection and conviction. Calling attention to what he refers to as the “musical moment”, Krishna says, “The reality of music is within a social construction. Accept both realities: that art is a way of removing the constructions that are there, and that art itself is also within a social, political, cultural construction. So the more you experience the art, the more you understand the construction of the art, which means you start understanding society, you start questioning society. The most important thing for an artist is to be aware. To see, to listen, to feel, to touch. If you do that, how will you not respond to social or political or cultural narratives?”
It’s this lack of awareness that makes India a nation of performers, not artists, he believes, again qualifying that with: “I’m not saying being a performer is bad, but being an artist is special.”
Krishna is convinced that art has to become part of everyday conversation, it must be seen in public spaces. “In our society we think of art as a luxury, or some kind of pastime that happens once in a while. If it was true that art is a luxury,” he asks, “how come the poorest of people still sing songs?”
(This article was published on October 3, 2014)
Related

HK leader risks becoming damaged goodsEmbattled Hong Kong leader risks being seen as damaged goods
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6d25548-4d72-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bitcoin has burst  but could still revolutionise bankingBitcoin has burst, but could still revolutionise banking
By John Authers
Venture capital is exploring cryptocurrency technology
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bba096c-4e37-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flipkart halts in-a-day guarantee schemeThe Hindu Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
corporate performance
Cites ‘sheer volume of deliveries’
Online retail giant Flipkart has temporarily turned off its In-a-Day Guarantee and Same Day Guarantee delivery services to its premium subscribers. The development comes after it apologised for the issues faced by customers during its ambitious Big Billion Day sale. On Wednesday, the company informed its Flipkart First subscribers of the halt in services, citing “sheer volume of deliveries.”
“Due to the over-whelming response we got on the Big Billion Day, our delivery team is working round-the-clock to ensure every customer receives his/her products in a reasonable amount of time. Given the sheer volume of deliveries, we have turned off our In-a-day Guarantee and Same Day Guarantee services temporarily. We apologize if this has caused any inconvenience, and will bring back the services as soon as we can,” it said.
The Big Billion Day sale on Monday saw Flipkart claiming sales of over Rs. 600 crore in 10 hours. However, irked customers alleged that the firm had marked up prices of products and most of the products had gone out stock within minutes of the sale kicking off.

Ask Kim: Can I save for retirement with my employer and on my own0
The two best retirement-savings options for most self-employed workers are a solo 401(k) and a Simplified Employee Pension (SEP). You can make tax-deductible contributions to either plan, and the money grows tax-deferred until retirement (you usually have to pay a 10-percent penalty for withdrawals before age 59 1/2).
If you're 50 or younger this year, you may contribute a maximum of $52,000 to a solo 401(k) in 2014 -- $17,500, plus up to 20 percent of your net self-employment income (business income minus half of your self-employment tax). If you're 50 or older, your total contribution limit is $57,500 -- $23,000 plus 20 percent of your net self-employment income. You must open a solo 401(k) by December 31, but you have until April 15, 2015, to make contributions for 2014. For a list of solo 401(k) administrators, go to http://www.401khelpcenter.com .
If you also have a 401(k) through an employer, the total of your employee deferrals plus your solo 401(k) may not exceed $17,500 for the year (or $23,000 if you're 50 or older). But you can still contribute up to 20 percent of your net self-employment income to a solo 401(k), regardless of your other contributions.
Contributions to an employer's 401(k) don't affect SEP limits. You may contribute up to 20 percent of your net self-employment income to a SEP, with a total contribution limit of $52,000 for 2014 (or $57,500 if you're 50 or older). You can open a SEP at most brokerages, fund companies and banks, where you usually have the same investing options as for IRAs. You have until April 15, 2015, to open an account and make contributions for 2014.
Even if you have a SEP or a solo 401(k), you can contribute up to $5,500 to a Roth IRA for 2014 (or $6,500 if you're 50 or older this year), as long as your total modified adjusted gross income is less than $129,000 for the year if you're single, or $191,000 if married filing jointly. The amount you can contribute starts to phase out for singles earning more than $114,000 or married couples earning more than $181,000.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

How to look glamorous this Karva Chauthlifestyle
How to look glamorous this Karva Chauth
Make-up a Samaanta Dwivedi shares few tips on how one can make their Karva Chauth stunning and memorable. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Create the perfect base: Remember, Karva Chauth is all about looking elegant without having done much. So start with a base that is the colour of your skin tone and blend evenly to keep your skin looking flawless. Use a concealer (only on areas required and not all over the face) for your under-eye circles and blemishes. If you skin leans towards the oilier side, pat on some compact powder.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Use bright lipsticks: Go for a deep, luscious and glossy red lipstick if you are wearing an outfit in shades of red, gold or green. If you choose to wear outfits in shades of pink, purple and blue, apply a gorgeous shade of pink on the lips!  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Keep your eye make-up simple: With a mouth so bold and heavy, you should stay away from doing eye makeup which will also scream for attention. Opt for simple gold eye shadow instead of deep and smudged smokey eyes. Liner is a must, of course, but load on some mascara for that doe-eyed effect.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Add some blush: A whole day of fasting, not to mention the hassle of planning the event can leave you lacking a little colour. Pick a shade of blush that works best with your skin tone and brush some on in upward strokes to give that pleasant glowing touch to your skin.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Accessorise: Karva Chauth is the best time to bring out your maang tikas, bangles and earrings. One of the most impressive looks is staying away from wearing any necklace other than the ornate mangal sutra, paired with huge, statement earrings to set it off.   (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Pick a hairstyle that’s quick and easy to maintain: Something like a bun will work the best, especially with some gajra to add a traditional twist. A bun keeps your hair out of your face but still looks pretty and elegant when done correctly. If you think that’s a bit old fashioned for you, then try pulling the hair of your crown back in a clip and letting the rest flow onto your shoulders.  (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Stick to the classics or don’t: Red has always been believed to be the colour of a married woman. Also, red is a classic when it comes to Indian festivals. When you pick your sari or salwaar suit, keep it a shade of red that you adore and feel comfortable carrying. But feel free to experiment with the drapes, cuts and embellishments to give this look your own unique touch. If you don’t want to get lost in a crowd but intend to stand out, choose from shades of pink, mauve, gold or any colour that looks rich and grand.   (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Related

$100 Billion Foreign Investments Knocking at India s Doors: PMFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Indore: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said $100 billion (Rs 6.1 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 61 rupees) worth of foreign investment is knocking at the doors of India and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Describing his "Make in India" initiative a "win-win" proposition, PM Modi said the foreign investors should not treat the country merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
"$100 billion investments from Japan, China and America have applied for visa. Now it is turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share," he said while inaugurating the Global Investors' Summit in Indore.
The meeting is being attended by industry bigwigs including Reliance Industries (RIL) chief Mukesh Ambani, Reliance ADAG's Anil Ambani, Adani Group head Gautam Adani and Tata Group chief Cyrus Mistry.
In the last couple of months, the Prime Minister has visited Japan and the US and launched the 'Make in India' campaign to lure foreign investments into manufacturing sector.
"When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market... dump goods, sell them and make profits."
"I tell the World, do not confine yourself to this. If India does not prosper, then its purchasing power will not increase. If India's purchasing power do not increase, then the dream to see India as a market will remain a distant dream," Mr Modi added.
The focus of the government, he said, is to generate employment by encouraging agriculture, manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister also said states should rise above narrow political considerations on development agenda and that the Centre will extend all possible assistance to them.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 16:49 (IST)

Govt to sell Rs 400 LED bulbs at Rs 10 to pubilcPower ministry to sell LED bulbs at Rs.10
IANS –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014 7:56 PM IST
View Gallery
Divorces that broke the bank
New Delhi, Oct 8 (IANS) A day after the Nobel Prize in physics was won by the scientists who invented blue light-emitting diodes (LEDs), the power ministry Wednesday launched a business model enabling the sale of LED bulbs to households at Rs.10 against the market price of Rs.400.
"The Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) together with the Energy Efficiency Services Limited (EESL), which is a joint venture of four central public sector undertakings in the power sector, have worked with electricity distribution companies (discoms) to develop a business model under which EESL procures LED bulbs in bulk and sells them to households at Rs.10," an official release here said.
If you buy a select apartment unit in Dubai from Damac Properties, you get a free car. Make it a penthouse and the car is a Lamborghini Aventador Roadster.
1 / 18
Yahoo Maktoob News | Photo by Daniel Cheong
Tue 10 Dec, 2013 10:30 PM IST
Description Toggle
1 - 18 / 18
"The discoms then repay EESL, over a period of five to eight years from the savings that accrue due to use of this energy efficient lighting technology," it added.
Under an MoU between EESL and the Andhra Pradesh government, EESL last week completed the procurement of two million LEDs, the statement said.
"Almost the entire lighting industry participated in the bid and the lowest quoted price was Rs.204 per LED bulb," it added.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu Oct 2 launched the Energy Conservation Mission's Demand Side Efficient Lighting Programme (DELP) in the state, which promotes replacement of incandescent bulbs with energy-efficient LED bulbs. The DELP is covering 3.7 million households, who will be provided with two high quality LED bulbs each at a subsidized price of Rs.10.
The programme started in Guntur, to be followed by Anantapur, West Godavari and Srikakulam districts.
The union power ministry has already decided that all below-poverty line households at the time of electrification under the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyuthikaran Yojana (RGGVY) would be provided LED technology.
LEDs are emerging as the most energy-efficient source of lighting as they use one-tenth of the energy of a normal incandescent bulb and half as much energy as a Compact Fluorescent Lamp (CFL) to produce the same amount of light.
The first LED lamp made in India, in 2010, was sold for Rs.1,200, the ministry said.
EESL has already completed a number of projects to retrofit existing streetlights to LED streetlights as well as a 750,000 LED bulb replacement project for households in Puducherry, the statement said.
"Increase in domestic demand would further reduce cost of LED bulbs with larger production capacities getting created in India," it said.
All lighting manufacturers have established domestic manufacturing facilities for LED-based lighting system, and have started training programmes for engineers and demonstration programmes in various buildings to showcase this technology, it added.
During the Durga Puja celebrations last week, a neighbourhood association in south Kolkata had erected a puja pandal that contained, and was illuminated by, 16,000 LED bulbs manufactured by a reputed multinational in India.
 

Lego ditches Shell after Arctic oil protestsLego ditches Shell after Arctic oil protests
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 9, 2014: 8:07 AM ET
Greenpeace activists staged a three-month campaign against Lego's marketing relationship with Shell.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Lego is set to ditch a 50-year relationship with Shell after coming under intense pressure over the oil giant's drilling in the Arctic.
A Greenpeace video criticizing the marketing deal went viral, and the environmental activists staged several public protests.
Shell ( RDSA ) has been working with Lego since the 1960s, allowing its logo to be used on bricks and figures. Lego products are sold in Shell gas stations around the world.
Lego won't renew the contract when it expires. Neither company would comment on how much longer the existing deal has to run.
Greenpeace's YouTube video was seen by nearly 6 million people. It showed Lego figures and bricks in a pristine Arctic landscape being enveloped by an oil spill.
The soundtrack for the video was a mournful version of the 'Everything is awesome' theme song from the popular Lego Movie .
Greenpeace said one million people signed a petition urging Lego to cut ties with Shell during its three-month campaign.
It described Lego's decision as "a huge blow to Shell's strategy of partnering with beloved brands to clean up its dirty image as an Arctic oil driller."
Lego originally resisted ending the deal, saying Greenpeace should take up its concerns directly with the oil company.
 
I get paid to play with LEGO
Earlier this year, Lego became the biggest toymaker in the world based on revenue and profit.
The family-owned business surpassed top competitor, Mattel ( MAT ), which is struggling with slumping global sales and slower demand for Barbie dolls and Fisher-Price toys.

Govt employees  attendance surveillance system goes onlinePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:38 pm
An electronic surveillance system to keep track of punctuality of government officials will become fully operational by the month end as part of Narendra Modi Government’s efforts to discipline employees.
Online trial run of the live biometric attendance system (BAS) have begun and attendance of over 50,000 employees from 148 departments can be viewed online. The system uses fingerprints to ensure that employees physically turn up and do not use proxies.
“BAS for central employees will be fully functional by the end of this month,” DeitY Secretary Ram Sevak Sharma informed.
The website, attendance.gov.in, is hooked up to computers in government offices that will identify employees through their fingerprint and unique identity number (Aadhaar).
It displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
The programme is currently being implemented in the central government offices located in the national capital and will eventually expand to all central Government employees across the country.
Wall mounted bio-metric attendance terminals have been installed in government buildings. Government employees can mark their attendance in any of the buildings where biometric terminals are installed.
So far, over 50,000 employees have registered on the site, he said, adding that around 10,000 more are expected to join this month.
The system will start with tracking attendance of central government employees stationed in the national capital, he said.
According to the information available on the attendance web portal, as many as 148 central government organisations have registered themselves for the same.
So far, about 50,027 employees have registered on the portal, of the total 66,353 employees. Out of the registered users, 47,644 employees are Aadhaar verified.

New tools needed to tame capital flowsOctober 9, 2014 4:13 pm
The world needs new tools to tame capital flows
By Paul Tucker
Ways must be found to prevent trouble spreading from one country to others, writes Paul Tucker
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70826812-4f03-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americas economy is cooking on shaleAmerica’s economy is cooking on shale
By Gillian Tett
As businesses enjoy lower energy costs, a new spirit of collaboration is taking hold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6ab0abc-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India Misses Output Target for Fifth Straight MonthYou are here: Home Corporates
Coal India September Output 34.88 MT; Target Missed for Fifth Month
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 22:11 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: State-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) missed its output target for a fifth consecutive month in September, producing 34.88 million tonnes (MT) of the dry fuel against the targeted 36.17 MT even as acute fuel shortages continue to hit power generation.
In the first six months of the current fiscal year, Coal India has produced 210.76 MT of coal against a target of 220.11 MT, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
In August, the output was 34.54 MT against the target of 35.13 MT. In July it achieved a production of 33.01 MT (35.86). The target for the month of June was 36.84 wherein the coal major produced 34.54 MT.
In May, the output was 36.27 MT against a targeted 38.46 MT.
As per the latest data (September 29) by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked Coal India to ramp up production from its existing mines.
CIL, which accounts for 80 per cent of domestic coal production, missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Production fell short of target because of various reasons, including lack of environment clearance to coal mining projects.
In 2012-13, the company produced 452.5 million tonnes of coal, falling short of a target of 464 MT.
Coal India's production target for 2014-15 has been set at 507 MT.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 21:31 (IST)

Hazmat suit stock up 50% on Ebola fearsBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 9, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock market was tanking again Thursday . But one tiny company was escaping the carnage. And that's an understatement.
Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a maker of hazmat suits with sealed seaming, soared more than 50% due to growing Ebola fears.
The stock is up 160% so far this month. The trading volume has been, to put it mildly, insane. More than 47 million shares exchanged hands Thursday. The average daily volume for the stock over the past three months is just 616,000 shares.
So investors (or more likely traders) thinking about buying now need to be extremely careful.
Troubling fundamentals: Lakeland is not profitable. It lost $384,000 in the second quarter, mostly due to problems with a subsidiary in Brazil. The company's sales were down slightly in the second quarter as well.
No analysts at a major investment bank follow the company, which has a market value of less than $100 million.
Several mutual funds and hedge funds focusing on so-called microcap stocks are invested in Lakeland.
But these institutions -- the so-called smart money on Wall Street -- collectively own less than 30% of Lakeland's stock, according to FactSet Research. Compare that to some of the bigger companies in the market. Institutions own more than half the shares of blue chips like Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), GE ( GE ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM ).
Brian Rafn, director of research with Morgan Dempsey Capital Management, which owns about 355,000 shares of Lakeland, said his firm has been an investor in the stock for about eight years. It makes up about 1% of its portfolio. Rafn said the firm has not increased that percentage during the recent surge -- but it has not been selling any shares either.
Rafn conceded that the stock will be very volatile over the short term. But he likes it because it has a steady core business of supplying protective suits to oil workers and fire departments.
He said the recent spike on Ebola worries makes Lakeland a "Jack Bauer stock," a reference to the terrorist fighting hero on the Fox show "24."
Will Lakeland actually benefit from stronger demand? Still, it's not clear just how much Lakeland will really benefit from increased demand for protective gear. Lakeland said in a mid-September statement that it was increasing manufacturing capacity for its hazmat suits and added that the U.S. State Department put out a bid for 160,000 suits.
Some traders may have misinterpreted that to mean that Lakeland had received an order for 160,000 suits. But that's not what the news release says. And the Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based company has turned down numerous requests from CNN for comment.
A spokesperson for the State Department told CNN that it was aiming to supply 130,000 (not 160,000) sets of hazmat suits and other personal protective equipment (PPE) in the coming weeks. The State Department added that it was getting supplies from "multiple locations around the world, and there are many suppliers."
Lakeland also cited reports that claimed there was a short supply of hazmat suits. The company touted that it had "appropriately qualified and certified suits, ample manufacturing capacity, and numerous distribution points to supply these garments."
But there may no longer be a supply shortage of hazmat suits. A spokesperson for the World Health Organization told CNN earlier this week that it "has purchased additional PPE in the last months and is still doing so in addition to a close monitoring of the supply pipeline with main partners."
Lakeland also faces stiff competition from much larger companies that make protective gear, including DuPont ( DD ), Honeywell ( HON ) and Kimberly-Clark ( KMB ).
 
Ebola medicine in short supply
Investors have been making speculative bets on several smaller drugmakers, most notably Tekmira ( TKMR ) and Chimerix ( CMRX ), that are working on Ebola treatments. But Lakeland may be the riskiest Ebola investment of them all.
CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel contributed to this report.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported the second quarter loss for Lakeland Industries.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 2:32 PM ET
Most Popular

Buy Berger Paints  Apollo Tyres Today: Sanjeev BhasinGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Indian markets are seeing high degree of volatility as 'greed & fear' dominate headlines. The Dow Jones having big up & down days on consecutive days. Asian cues being very weak expect Nifty to open almost 1% lower, however would expect strong local flows to match foreign selling & expect pull back in second half of the trading day.
Foreign flows continued to be negative mainly because of global dollar strength & redemption pressure from other collateral markets. Rupee had an excellent session yesterday & today would expect slight pull back.
For today we are suggesting 2 convictions buys which mainly benefit from falling crude prices with a 1 month holding period:
1) Buy Berger Paints@ Rs 410-Rs 414, target Rs 500
2) Buy Apollo Tyres @ Rs 210-Rs 215, target Rs 250
We also are carrying our previous trades as under;
1) Buy SBI @ Rs 2410-Rs 2425, stop loss Rs 2360, target Rs 2570
2) Buy PNB @ Rs 875-Rs 885, stop loss Rs 860, target Rs 925
3) Sell Dr. Reddy's Lab @ Rs 2965-Rs 2980, stop loss Rs 3040, target Rs 2865-Rs 2870
4) Sell Sun Pharma @ Rs 800-Rs 810, stop loss Rs 825, target Rs 730-35
We did meet all 3 targets on buy calls for IOC, HPCL & BPCL which gave returns of over 7% in 3 days.
We also hold our option "short strangle' on Bank Nifty as under:
Bank Nifty short strangles;
Sell Bank Nifty 16000 call @ Rs 150-Rs 155
Sell Bank Nifty 15000 put @ Rs 130-Rs 135
Total premium earned Rs 280-Rs 285
Look for reduction in volatility & buy around Rs 120-Rs 125 as time series plays out.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 07:48 (IST)

Rickshaw pullers carry around party messages on Karnal roads to earn daily breadOct 10, 2014 at 08:33am IST
Rickshaw pullers carry around party messages on Karnal roads to earn daily bread
7
0
Karnal: It's election time in Karnal and one witnesses traffic jams because of rickshaws and tempos campaigning for different parties and carrying forward the message of candidates.
One such rickshaw puller is Sanjan Kumar who spreads the message of Bharatiya Janata Party in Karnal constituency of Haryana. Even though BJP candidate Manohar Lal Khattar is addressing public meetings and rallies throughout the day, Kumar goes around the constituency carrying loud speakers and hoardings on his rickshaw and urging people to vote for the party.
Kumar, who is just 16 and so not eligible to vote, says, "I have been working for the BJP for the past seven days and will continue with it till elections. I get Rs 300 per day and food as well at the BJP office."
Even though Kumar cannot vote in this election, according to him Khattar will emerge victorious.
#haryana #haryana ground report #ground report #haryana assembly elections 2014
When asked why the message is only about Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Kumar said, "Even I asked party to include Khattar in the message but no one listened to me."
Kumar starts his work at 8 AM and goes around Sector 13, Mall Karnal and Bus stand till 6 PM. "There are 18 such rickshaws," he added.
Even though he cannot vote in this election, according to him Khattar will emerge victorious.
While Kumar carries around BJP's message, one sees and hears other rickshaw pullers in Karnal carrying messages like 'Haath, haath, haath' (hand for Congress), 'Matka, matka, matka' (pot for Independent) and 'chashma, chashma, chashma' (spectacles for INLD).
4

Haryana elections: Khattar rides on Modi wave  Congress plays the outsider card in Karnal9
0
Karnal: Bharatiya Janata Party is riding high on the Narendra Modi wave and is hopeful of a repeat of the Lok Sabha polls results in the Haryana Assembly elections. Even though Manohar Lal Khattar, the candidate from Karnal constituency is an outsider, he is being seen by many as the potential chief minister of the state.
The incumbent Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda may have to face the ire of the people. After a drubbing in the Lok Sabha elections, the Congress is trying hard to regain lost ground but people are clearly displeased with the present government.
Many accuse Hooda of developing only his constituency and areas in and around Rohtak.
Many accuse Hooda of developing only his constituency and areas in and around Rohtak.
#haryana #haryana ground report #ground report #congress
Rohit Jindal, a shop keeper, expressed his displeasure with the ruling Congress government. "There has been no development here. Hooda devloped only Rohtak. There is unemployment too," he said.
He also said that Modi wave still exists in the country. "Modi wave is another factor and Khattar will get votes. Even Independent candidate Jai Prakash Gupta is very strong here."
Backing Jindal's opinion was another shop keeper Ramesh Kumar. He said, "The Chief Minister did not do anything for Karnal. There is no development and he concentrated only at Rohtak. The Congress will get only 15-16 seats."
But women voters seemed satisfied with the Hooda government. Sushma Kataria said, "I am happy with the Congress government."
There were others for whom the government did not matter and they said, "Everyone is same."
Even as the Congress has managed to hold on to the Karnal seat, people seem to be following the Modi wave, even though those supporting the Congress call Manohar Lal Khattar an outsider.
According to Congress candidate Surendra Singh Narwal, Khattar is an outsider. "Even people at Modi's rally in Karnal shouted slogans 'Bahari bhagao, Karnal bachao' (Send the outsider back home, save Karnal), Narwal said.
While the outsider and insider war between the Congress and BJP persists, people in Karnal are not really looking at regional parties like INLD and HJC.
17

Cyclone Hud Hud on cruise mode as it readies for refuellingUS model says ‘Hudhud’ is now a very severe cyclone
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on Oct 10, 2014
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 10:  
The US Joint Typhoon Warning Centre (JTWC) suggests that cyclone ‘Hudhud’ in the west-central Bay of Bengal has intensified into a very severe cyclonic storm.
The JTWC update made available at 2.30 pm indicated that the wind speeds have crossed the threshold of 120 km/hr (as per India Met classification) to make the grade.
PEAK WIND SPEEDS
India Met located ‘Hudhud’ to 530 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam and 570 km south-southeast of Gopalpur at 11.30 am.
The very severe cyclonic storm is more than a day from making a landfall near Visakhapatnam on Sunday morning.
Meanwhile, the US Centre has lowered the peak wind speeds expected ahead of landfall to 194 km/hr.
It had initially projected 213 km/hr and revised it later to slightly lower to 203 km/hr.
India Met Department has consistently stuck to its projection of a maximum of 140 km/hr gusting to 155 km/hr from Saturday evening.
CRUCIAL FACTOR
Earlier this morning, the Met had said in its update at 11.30 am that the severe cyclone was on course to intensify to the next level.
A crucial external factor that decides the fate of a cyclone approaching landfall over the east cost of India is passing western disturbances across northwest India.
Westerly to northwesterly winds from these low-pressure atmospheric waves have in the past steered cyclones away from India’s coast, sparing it a direct hit.
This time too, arrival of a western disturbance is forecast – in fact a strong one – but it would troop in to northwest India after ‘Hudhud’ is well and truly home.
INTERACTIVE RAIN
What the disturbance promises to do instead is, dip down to extend a grip over ‘Hudhud’ even as its outer bands start caressing the Vizag coast around midnight tomorrow.
The cyclone is expected to cross the coast by the next morning, and would be firmly under the influence of the overarching western disturbance by then.
This opens up the possibility of interaction between a northeast monsoon (yet to be declared) cyclonic system and a western disturbance and heavy rain.
Global model outlook suggests widespread rain for the entire eastern half of the country as the western disturbance moving east with the ‘Hudhud’ remnant in tow.
WEATHER WARNING
The wet spell could extend to central and east Madhya Pradesh; Chhattisgarh; Jharkhand; Uttar Pradesh; Bihar; and even Uttarkhand.
Warnings related to heavy to very heavy rainfall, high winds, storm surge, and ‘rough-to-very rough-to-phenomenal’ sea conditions continue to apply variously to the Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coasts from tomorrow morning.
Low-lying areas of east Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram, and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh are expected to get inundated.
Extensive damage could happen to kutcha houses; power and communication lines could be partially disrupted; and rail and road traffic remain affected.
There is a potential threat from flying debris. Escape routes could also get flooded.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Depreciating currencies and EM inflation: watch outSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Highlights: Infosys reports 28.6% rise in Q2 net profitHighlights: Infosys reports 28.6 per cent rise in Q2 net profit
BT Online Bureau        Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 10:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys announced its September-quarter results on Friday and reported a 28.6 per cent rise in consolidated net profit (year-on-year) to Rs 30.96 billion.
Highlights:
>> Consolidated revenue for Q2 stood at Rs 133.42 billion
>> Infosys board declares interim dividend of Rs 30 per share as it extends gains to more than 3% in Q2
>> Infosys says the board approved and recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held
>> Shares of the company gained over 5 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange after results beat estimates.
>> The company maintains revenue guidance for FY15 at 7-9 per cent.
(With agency inputs)

Rupee down 15 paise against dollar in early tradeOct 10, 2014 at 09:56am IST
Rupee down 15 paise against dollar in early trade
6
0
Mumbai: The rupee fell by 15 paise to 61.20 against the dollar in early trade on Friday due to fresh demand for the US currency from banks and importers amid a weak opening in local equities.
Dealers said besides increased demand for the American currency from importers, the dollar's strength against other Asian currencies overseas, put pressure on the local unit.
The rupee had gained 35 paise to close at over one-week high of 61.05 against the dollar on Thursday on persistent selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks amid a surge in local equities.
The rupee had gained 35 paise to close at over one-week high of 61.05 against the dollar.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 256.81 points, or 0.96 per cent, to 26,380.47 in early trade on Friday.
1

Sensex sheds 300 points  Infosys up 5 per centOct 10, 2014 at  03:56pm IST
Sensex plunges 340 points
1
0
Mumbai: Equity benchmarks erased some gains seen in previous session. The Sensex fell 339.90 points or 1.28 per cent to 26297.38, and the Nifty lost 96.80 points or 1.22 per cent to 7863.75 as the markets closed on Friday.
About 1012 shares have advanced, 1903 shares declined, and 112 shares are unchanged.
Equity benchmarks extended losses in last hour of trade. The Sensex plunged 347.53 points or 1.30 percent to 26289.75 and the Nifty fell 103.85 points or 1.30 percent to 7856.70.
About 1012 shares have advanced, 1903 shares declined, and 112 shares are unchanged.
#sensex #nifty #stocks #markets
About 942 shares have advanced, 1869 shares declined, and 118 shares are unchanged. Tata Motors and Sesa Sterlite fell more than 5 percent followed by Hindalco Industries and Tata Steel with 4-4.5 percent. ITC, HDFC, HDFC Bank, M&M, Axis Bank, Bharti Airtel, HUL and Coal India plunged 2-3 percent.
0

Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy in First Press ConferenceYou are here: Home Opinions
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy in First Press Conference
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 10:58 (IST)
Opinion: Governor, Take The Bull by the Horns
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka is addressing a press conference to explain the September quarter earnings. Infosys beat profit estimates in Q2 today, reporting a profit of Rs 3,096 crore in the September quarter. ( Read results copy here )
The Q2 results are the first since Dr Sikka took over as Infosys CEO on August 1. Dr Sikka, a former SAP top executive, is the first non-founder CEO of Infosys.
Here's what Dr Sikka said at his first press conference as CEO,
 
> Need to train employees for new businesses.
> Need to build new systems in Infosys
> Infosys is renewing existing processes
> Analytics, big data are new opportunity areas
> I see an Infosys that is dramatically amplified by artificial intelligence.
> Will transform Infosys into more innovative, agile and exciting company
> We can transform into next generation services company
> We can get back to consistent profit growth and look forward to become the bellwether of Indian IT industry.
> Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal says: Utilization hit an all-time high in Q2. Margins have expanded despite making significant investment in business.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 10:43 (IST)

Vishal Sikka s Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6 pct at Rs 3 096 crore  beats forecastsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Confident that Sikka will transform Infosys:...et now
("Vishal Sikka is a wonderful…)
NEW DELHI: Stating that IT companies must focus on innovation and not just cost optimisation, NR Narayana Murthy told ET Now that he is confident that Vishal Sikka will transform Infosys.
"Vishal Sikka is a wonderful leader, excited about the future," Murthy told ET Now. "Vishal Sikka is a professional CEO, brings best of both worlds," he added.
Vishal Sikka, Infosys' new CEO on Friday outlined his key focus areas for the IT major and said that he is looking forward to 'transforming Infosys into an agile, innovative company'.
Infosys Technologies, India's second-largest IT services exporter, on Friday beat market expectations with a Profit After Tax (PAT) of Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter of the current financial year, versus an ET NOW Poll of Rs 2,864.4 crore.
This is a rise of 7.2% QoQ, from Rs 2,886 crore in the previous quarter. The company retained the FY15 revenue guidance at 7%-9%.
The IT major reported a sales figure of Rs 13,342 crore versus an ET NOW Poll of Rs 13,223.6 crore. The company's board approved a bonus issue of 1:1. Infosys also declared an interim dividend of Rs 30/share.
The Q2 EBIT margin came in at 26.1% versus 25.14% QoQ. In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4 per cent to $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from $383 million in the year-ago period.
In dollar terms, the company's revenues rose 6.5 per cent to $2.2 billion in the July-September quarter of 2014-15 fiscal from $2.07 billion in the same quarter of previous financial year.
The Q2 attrition was at 20.1%. The company's gross addition of employees stood at 14,255 during the quarter. Infosys and its subsidiaries added 49 clients (gross) during the quarter.
Commenting on the results, Vishal Sikka said, "Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results." "Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PNB cuts term deposit rates for up to 1 year to 8.5%Oct 10, 2014, 03.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
PNB cuts term deposit rates for up to 1 year to 8.5%
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, KR Kamath, CMD, PNB, said the liquidity available in the system is enough to meet credit demand, however the rate cut in retail deposits will depend on the credit rate pick-up.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PNB cuts term deposit rates for up to 1 year to 8.5%
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, KR Kamath, CMD, PNB, said the liquidity available in the system is enough to meet credit demand, however the rate cut in retail deposits will depend on the credit rate pick-up.
Post your opinion here
Rate cut may impact net interest margin by 10 bps.
KR Kamath
CMD
PNB
State-owned Punjab National Bank  (PNB) has slashed interest rates for bulk deposits over one month but raised it for deposits under one month.
For deposits from one month to under 3 months, the new rate is 7.25 percent, down from 7.5 percent, while for bulk deposits from 91 days to under one year the new deposit rate is 8.5 percent from 8.75 percent earlier.
However PNB has not touched its retail or non-bulk deposits despite the fact that a few weeks back the country's largest public lender SBI  cut its retail deposit rates for one year and above to 8.75 percent; in this category, PNB and other banks still offer 9 percent.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, KR Kamath, CMD, PNB, said the liquidity available in the system is enough to meet credit demand, however the rate cut in retail deposits will depend on the credit rate pick-up. The bank did not touch interest rates for deposits up to Rs 1 crore, which constitutes around 20-25 percent of deposit base.
Kamath said the rate cut may impact net interest margin by 10 bps.
Below is the transcript of KR Kamath's interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh.
Q: What occasioned the cut in interest rates only for bulk deposits from one month to one year, is money getting easier?
A: Yes, when I talked to you last time I said that we will wait up to September 30th to take a call on this entire interest rate scenario. Now the liquidity available in the system and more particularly for us in Punjab National Bank (PNB) was sufficient to meet reasonable credit demand. So if you go on accumulating deposits without there being an opportunity for us to deploy it profitably it will have an impact on the profitability of the bank. So what we did is while we appreciate the need to give a reasonable return to retail customer we have not touched the rate of interest for the retail customer for deposits up to Rs 1 crore. For a customer beyond Rs 1 crore we said that let us regulate it.
Q: State Bank of India (SBI) has already cut deposit rates only for one year and above even for retail depositors, obviously because perhaps they see inflation coming down and it is now below 8 percent, crude may take it even further lower. So is this the first step for you and in a bit will you also consider cutting retail deposit rates?
A: We will to wait and watch. One again is the type of credit pick up that we will have and the second is that the type of liquidity what we have. Suppose the credit doesn’t pick up and the liquidity increases we may look at it but our priority is to see that we regulate the rate of interest on more than Rs 1 crore and try to give the best deal to the retail depositors as of now.
Q: What is the percent of money that comes from this bucket, one month to one year bulk deposits and therefore what can we expect as the impact on your margins?
A: What we have now changed is Rs 1-10 crore. There is another gap of Rs 10 crore and above also there is another bucket, now that we moderate depending upon the exact liquidity position which is having a larger impact on Net interest margin (NIM). Rs 1-10 crore I would say it may constitute something like 20-25 percent of our deposits. So the impact on NIM maybe something like 10 bps or something. I am just giving a rough number.
Q: But above Rs 10 crore what is the interest rate?
A: Today for one year we reduced it to 8.75 percent. We were earlier giving it at par at 9 percent. That we reduced to 8.75 today.
Q: Above Rs 10 crore?
A: Yes, above Rs 10 crore. So the whole idea is to see that you keep giving reasonable good return to the retail depositors and then whatever your liquidity and rate of interest management you do it above Rs 1 crore deposit.
Q: Would you only look at your supply of deposits and credit demand when you re-examine the retail interest rate in a few months or in a few weeks or will you also be guided by the way inflation is likely to come down, say, because of crude and commodity prices?
A: Yes, automatically what happens is that if there is no demand coming for this; one is inflation, the second is that I am looking at the inflow and outflow of funds. So in case there is no credit pick up and then I keep getting money then I will have to tweak the retail deposits also.
Q: So how long will you wait for this credit demand?
A: It is a daily affair for us to look at what is the liquidity available with us in the bank and then we see what sort of liquidity we should hold. Now the question is that if the alternative avenues for deployment also we look at. Suppose the markets come down and our ability to deploy it profitably comes down that can also be a trigger for us to review the rate of interest.
Q: So it could happen within October itself or will you wait for a little longer?
A: October is too small a period. We will have to wait at least up to the end of October.
Q: So mostly November you will regroup and take your decision?
A: Yes, definitely.
PNB stock price
On November 24, 2014, Punjab National Bank closed at Rs 986.40, up Rs 8.55, or 0.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1068.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 509.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 97.83 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.08. The latest book value of the company is Rs 991.39 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.99.
RELATED NEWS

Sept inflation eased on lower food  fuel cos..."A fall in vegetable prices on the month is the main reason we expect a fall in CPI," said Aman Mohunta, economist at Nomura. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Consumer price inflation probably eased for a second straight month in September helped by lower food and fuel costs, a Reuters poll found.
While prices were trending lower, analysts said the Reserve Bank of India's inflation target further out in January 2016 may be difficult to achieve.
Consumer prices in September were forecast to have risen 7.2 per cent, according to a poll of 28 economists, weaker than 7.8 per cent in August. It would also be the lowest inflation reading since the indicator was introduced in 2012.
"A fall in vegetable prices on the month is the main reason we expect a fall in CPI," said Aman Mohunta, economist at Nomura . He added that a statistical base effect from September last year, when inflation was abnormally high, could temper Monday's data.
The RBI has set a target of bringing inflation down to eight per cent by January 2015 and six per cent by January 2016 but Governor Raghuram Rajan has admitted to upside risks on the latter target.
"The RBI has done a fairly good job in bringing down inflation expectations, even so six per cent by 2016 looks a bit ambitious," said Shilan Shah, senior economist at Capital Economics in London.
"Any negative effect on local food production and food prices is the biggest risk...it's the one that's always there."
The poll also showed wholesale price inflation, will likely tick down to 3.3 per cent from last month's 3.7 per cent, due to a steady fall in global crude oil prices , which hit a near two-year low on Thursday.
The central bank gauges both measures of inflation when deciding on monetary policy, but with risks to the January 2016 CPI target, it is unlikely to cut interest rates this year.
The RBI said it would cut the ceiling on bonds required to be held-to-maturity from 24 per cent to 22 per cent starting in January 2015, in order to increase liquidity in financial markets.

4 Indians in Fortune s  40 under 40  powerfu...BREAKING NEWS
Fortune names 4 Indians including Snapdeal CEO, Micromax co-founder in its '40 under 40' powerful people list
By PTI | 10 Oct, 2014, 12.15PM IST
0
Share More
Snapdeal Co-Founder and CEO Kunal Bahl is ranked 25 on the list. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Four Indians, including a Harvard University professor and the co-founder of India's largest online marketplace Snapdeal, have been named by Fortune in its list of the 40 most powerful, influential and important people in business under the age of 40.
The Fortune's 2014 '40 under 40' list has been topped by ridesharing service company Uber's 38-year-old co-founder Travis Kalanick and community-driven hospitality company Airbnb's 33-year-old CEO Brian Chesky.
The list of super-achievers, who "don't like limits, and they don't like being told no" includes Founder and CEO of Facebook 30-year-old Mark Zuckerberg at the number two spot and Italy's youngest Prime Minister Matteo Renzi (39) at the third position.
The Indians on the list are Economics professor at Harvard Raj Chetty , who is ranked 16, Micromax co-founder and CEO Rahul Sharma (ranked 21), Snapdeal Co-Founder and CEO Kunal Bahl (ranked 25) and Twitter's General counsel and the only woman on the company's executive team Vijaya Gadde (28).
Fortune said this year's list of "young hotshots who are rocking businesses" includes many from sector as diverse as technology, finance, fashion and film and all have "power, influence, leverage, scale, and ideas that disrupt."
The list also includes 38-year-old co-founder and CEO of texting company WhatsApp, Jan Koum on rank 5, Yahoo's 38-year old CEO Marissa Mayer (ranked 6), New York Stock Exchange President 38-year-old Tom Farley (ranked 7) and Twitter co-founder and CEO 37-year-old Jack Dorsey (ranked 11).

The Nifty call: Buy in dipsBL Research Bureau:  
Nifty October futures (7,931)
Following a gap down opening at 7,927 from the previous close of 7,990 levels, Nifty futures declined further to record an intra-day low of 7,877 levels.
The contract then started to experience buying interest below the key support level of 7,800 and rebounded smartly.
It has been on a recovery mode since then. Traders can consider buying the contract in dips with a fixed stop-loss at 7,900. Current up-move can test the resistance at 7,950 and then at 7,975 levels. Next key resistance is in the band between 7,990 and 8,000. On the other hand, significant support below 7,900 is placed at 7,877 and then at 7,850.
Strategy: Buy in dips with a fixed stop-loss at 7,900 levels.
Supports: 7,900 and 7,877
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Amazon  Diwali Dhamaka Week  sale offers 37% discount on iPhone 5S  55% on iPhone 5C  55% on Nokia Lumia 625Amazon 'Diwali Dhamaka Week' sale cuts iPhone 5S price 37%, iPhone 5C by 55%
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 11 2014, 07:44  IST
Oct 11 2014, 07:44  IST
 

Narendra Modi urges youth to give up violencePress Trust of India | Brahmapuri | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:56 pm
Asking youngsters who have been radicalised to give up violence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said they should shun guns and get a plough in its place to transform their lives.
“Terror has never benefited anybody. I appeal to all the youth who have gone on the path of violence to give up terrorism. This will do you no good. Get the guns off your shoulders and get a plough in its place. It will transform your lives,” he said while addressing a rally at Brahmapuri in Chandrapur, which is one of the Naxal-affected districts in Maharashtra.
According to recent statistics of the anti-Naxal Cell of Maharashtra Police, Maoist violence has claimed 451 victims in worst-hit Gadchiroli followed by 33 in Gondia and nine in Chandrapur, between February 1985 and July 2014.
Modi said it is imperative for the BJP to win the upcoming state polls to ensure that farmers can prosper the way they are doing in neighbouring Chhattisgarh.
“You have to ensure that the BJP wins the elections with full majority. Only then can the farmers, who are water starved, be provided water. A farmer has the capability to produce gold if he gets enough water,” he said.
“Chhattisgarh, which was known to be a ‘bimaru’ (sick)state, has prospered tremendously under the BJP government. We have ensured that farmers get a good price for their produce,” he said.
“Maharashtra is a neighbouring state. Why can’t our farmers progress similarly? Why can’t they get a good price for their produce? Give us a chance to work for you, we will transform the face of this state,” the Prime Minister said.

E-tail v/s Retail: Kunal Bahl & J Suresh battle it out | Amazon may acquire JabongArvind Lifestyle Brands
(ET gets Snapdeal's Kunal…)
E-tail versus Retail - that's the raging debate these days. ET gets Snapdeal's Kunal Bahl and Arvind Lifestyle Brands' J Suresh to debate on the relative advantages and sustainability of the two. While Bahl says that digital commerce is redefining the way consumers buy and traders sell, Suresh feels that traditional retail has the advantage of having and developing omnichannel capabilities. Read on to know their take...
Kunal Bahl, CEO of Snapdeal.com
American businessman-motivational speaker Nido Qubein said, "Change brings opportunity." Today, e-commerce has become a topic of discussion in most Indian households. Consumers and businesses, small and large, all have a story about how e-commerce has touched their lives.
There are tectonic shifts that happen once in a few decades. Digital commerce surely is one of them, matched only by the telecom revolution 10 years ago that connected corners of our country like never before.
The retail landscape has changed globally and it is changing in India too. Over a decade ago, it was the large-format stores and malls that redefined the way people shopped in India. Today, it is the digital platforms that are again creating a natural evolution: how people shop and how businesses sell, thus bringing more efficiency in the economy.
Online markets have enabled small sellers, retailers, artisans and weavers to directly take their products to customers. For the first time, people living in the smallest towns of India have access to the same selection of products as their counterparts in the metros. This is the power of the digital commerce. Even large retailers are leveraging the power of digital commerce distribution, to expand into markets where setting up physical stores is not feasible.
A marketplace like Snapdeal has proved to be a significant socioeconomic and geographic equaliser for small businesses in India, who now look at digital commerce as a medium to expand their current market beyond their immediate catchment area. They can now reach a much larger customer base using a fraction of the capital they would require for a traditional offline store expansion. This, clubbed with the low cost of sales and distribution, contributes to higher profits and is creating life-changing experiences for them. This democratisation of markets is helping sellers reach customers globally and reducing the asymmetry of information and products for consumers.
In the past two years, a number of sellers from different parts of the country have grown their businesses 100-fold through our digital marketplace. They are also champions for the sector sharing their experience within their markets and inspiring others to try the medium. Of the total number of sellers on Snapdeal, 30% are women business-owners, and many are first-time entrepreneurs.
E-commerce is not just about merchants and consumers. It is also about enabling businesses that are experiencing tremendous growth. A case in point is the growth of logistics and courier companies, which are on track to employ lakhs of people who are delivering products to homes. In China, we have already witnessed the magic Alibaba has created in this regard, becoming the largest customer for the state-owned China Post, delivering billions of packages a year for them. It is only a matter of time when digital commerce companies contribute to a significant portion of India Post's shipping volumes as well, thus leveraging such significant infrastructure the government has created.
What we are witnessing in India with the growth of digital commerce is something amazing, and is the future, one that will make the tide rise for everyone, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
  J Suresh, MD at Arvind Lifestyle Brands
There is a big debate between online and brickand-mortar retail. Frankly, I think this debate is uncalled for as both brick-and-mortar and online retail have existed and thrived together in developed markets. The main difference is that brick-andmortar companies over a period of time have developed omni-channel capabilities.
In fact, in the United States, of the top 20 retailers selling online, the majority of them are omni-channel retailers who started primarily as brick-and-mortar retailers. There is clearly a lesson to be learnt from this. The recent debate has started mainly on account of high levels of discounting by some of the online retail players. This is a practice that should be definitely stopped in the overall interests of the retail industry. Any business selling at below cost is unsustainable and I am sure that online retailers will quickly realise this — and stop the practice of selling products at predatory prices.
Apart from building unsustainable business models, most of the online retailers sell brands. One has to be conscious of respecting the brand and protecting the integrity of the brand.

IBNLive exclusive: BJP Karnal candidate on his party s chances in Haryana pollsMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Shashi Tharoor s wife Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning  claims AIIMS probe team reportOct 10, 2014 at  02:09pm IST
Shashi Tharoor's wife Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning, claims AIIMS probe team report
35
0
New Delhi: The three-member panel of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) report has claimed that traces of poison were found in Congress leader Shashi Tharoor's wife Sunanda Pushkar's body at the time of her death. AIIMS doctors are claiming that the report reaffirms their stand on the report that they gave after Pushkar's death.
AIIMS doctors have also said that police should probe further and seek help from foreign agencies to find out the type of poison found in the body.
Reacting to the report, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy said, "I knew it all along this was a foulplay. We need to know who did the foulplay. Shashi tharoor has a lot of explaining to do. why was he in AIIMS on the day of autopsy? Why did he write emails to doctors saying put Alprax as the reason when she never took Alprax. These are all things which need to be explained."
#sunanda pushkar #shashi tharoor #sunanda pushkar death #aiims
While allegations are being levelled against Tharoor for his role in Sunanda's death, Congress leader Rashid Alvi defended him saying, "Tharoor is not in power so he cannot hide the report. There is no point making such allegations."
Pushkar's relatives, however claim that they are sure that it is not a suicide. "We knew it was a murder, she did not commit suicide," her relative said.
The new report submitted to Delhi Police nine days ago by a three-member panel of doctors who had conducted the autopsy on her, was prepared on the basis of the findings of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Sunanda's viscera, sources said.
The viscera report of CFSL in March had hinted at drug poisoning but police considered it as inconclusive. It then asked AIIMS to re-examine the report and give its findings. The three-member team has now submitted the "Subsequent Medical Board Opinion" to the police on September 30.
Sunanda was found dead in a 5-star hotel in South Delhi on the night of January 17, a day after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with Tharoor.
The probe into the case was handed over to the Crime Branch on January 23. However, the case was transferred back to the South District police two days later on January 25.
17

Symantec to split into two companies; one to focus on security and other on storage softwareOct 10, 2014 at 12:55pm IST
Symantec to split into two companies; one to focus on security and other on storage software
6
4
New York: Security software maker Symantec is the latest company to announce plans to split itself into two.
The maker of Norton antivirus software said Thursday that it will separate into one business focused on security and the other on information management.
Symantec said that separating its businesses will create greater growth opportunities and more value for its shareholders. The announcement comes about six months after Symantec fired its chief executive Steve Bennett and named Michael Brown as his replacement. Brown is the current CEO.
Security software maker Symantec is the latest company to announce plans to split itself into two.
#symantec #antivirus #michael brown
The security business provides services including data encryption, user authentication, and mail, web and data center security. The company said that the unit had about $4.2 billion in revenue in its latest fiscal year. Brown will be president and CEO of the security business.
The information management company's services will include backup and recovery, archiving and storage management. It has about $2.5 billion in annual revenue.
Symantec is the third major tech company to announce a separation in recent weeks. eBay is planning to spin off its mobile payment service division PayPal, and PC and printer maker Hewlett-Packard wants to split off its technology service business.
The company had been reorganising before announcing the split. Along with replacing its CEO earlier this year - the second time in less than two years that it had fired its CEO - Symantec has trimmed some executive and middle-management jobs, split its sales force and tried to focus on its most promising products.
Symantec is planning a tax-free spinoff and wants to complete the separation by the end of 2015.
The stock gained 27 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $23.71 in aftermarket trading. The stock has dropped 5 per cent over the past 12 months.
10

Nissan launches spl edition Terrano priced up to Rs 13.13 lakhHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nissan launches spl edition Terrano priced up to Rs 13.13 lakh
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Japanese carmaker Nissan today launched a special edition of its mid-sized sports utility vehicle Terrano priced up to Rs 13,13,725 (ex-showroom Delhi) to commemorate the vehicle’s first anniversary in India.
This special version will come with a bundle of styling and convenience features, both on the exterior and interior front, Nissan India said in a statement.
“This limited ‘Anniversary Edition’ is an invitation to our customers to celebrate Terrano’s success. We are sure that these exclusive touches will excite our customers and make their Terrano experience even better,” Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said.
The vehicle would be available in two trims, priced at Rs 12,83,645 and Rs 13,13,725 (ex-showroom Delhi). The company said only 450 units of the anniversary edition would be sold across the country.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Rajan: Removal of FII debt limits possible over 2 yearsRaghuram Rajan, RBI Governor
MUMBAI, Oct 10:  
India's central bank will remove foreign investment limits on the country's debt markets once the economy reaches its potential output over two consecutive years and foreigners move to long-end maturities, Euromoney reported Governor Raghuram Rajan as saying.
These two factors would happen "once the world becomes excited in a more substantial way about the India story", Euromoney quoted the Reserve Bank of India Governor as saying during an interview with the magazine.
Foreign institutional investors have almost exhausted their $25 billion limit in government bonds. Analysts expect India will raise the limit, although a removal has not been expected in the near term.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

China Q3 GDP growth seen at 5-year low of 7.3%  more stimulus expectedChina Q3 GDP growth seen at 5-year low of 7.3%, more stimulus expected
Reuters
Reuters The Chinese government is due to release September data on trade, bank lending, investment and factory output in the coming weeks.
Beijing, Oct 10:  
China's economy likely grew at its weakest pace in more than five years in the third quarter as a property downturn weighed on demand, a Reuters poll showed, raising the chances of more aggressive policy steps that may include cutting interest rates.
The economy may have expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter from a year earlier - the weakest reading since the first quarter of 2009, when growth hit 6.6 per cent during the height of the global crisis, according to a poll of 20 economists.
None of the economists believed Q3 growth will dip below 7 per cent, although four pencilled in 7.1 per cent and one expected 7 per cent.
The economy expanded by 7.5 per cent in the second quarter and 7.4 percent in the first.
The government is due to release September data on trade, bank lending, investment and factory output in the coming weeks, leading up to third-quarter GDP on October 21
"GDP growth is expected to slow to around 7.3 per cent in the third quarter as property investment growth slides and manufacturing deflation worsens," Tang Jianwei, an economist at Bank of Communications, said in a note.
Softer domestic demand, linked largely to the cooling property market, probably pulled down growth in China's imports, investment and retail sales to multi-month or multi-year lows in September, a related poll showed.
Premier Li Keqiang said on Wednesday that China will launch major investment projects in information networks, water conservancy and environmental protection this year, and pledged to policy adjustments made when needed.
But Li also made clear the government will tolerate growth slightly lower than the targeted 7.5 per cent this year and rely more on reforms to generate new growth drivers.
More Policy Steps Expected
The prospects of weaker growth may raise the chances of more aggressive policy steps such as cutting interest rates or reserve requirements across the board, but the government may not rush into action as the job market still appears to be holding up, analysts say.
Steps unveiled since April included reserve requirement cuts for selected banks and faster investment in railways and public housing. But much of their broader impact may have been offset by the cooling property market and tighter credit as banks grow more cautious about lending as the economy cools.
The central bank and banking regulator on September 30 relaxed lending rules for home buyers, allowing banks to offer a maximum 30 per cent discount to first time home buyers, a group which is being expanded to include those who already own one property but have paid off their existing mortgage.
But the impact of the move remains uncertain amid reports of huge inventories of unsold homes and state media reports that most banks are reluctant to offer big discounts on mortgages for fear of hurting their earnings.
"As we move into the fourth quarter, the base effect is expected to become slightly more favourable. This can support a path of modest expansion," Qu Hongbin, chief China economist at HSBC, said in a research report.
"However, given the lingering downside risks to growth and clear signs of a negative output gap, we think more easing measures are needed in the near term."
While, HSBC believed a rate cut remains an option towards the end of the year, others doubted the central bank will act soon.
"The possibility of cutting interest rates and RRR within the year is not big, unless there is an ugly turn," said Zhang Yiping, an economist at China Merchants Securities in Shenzhen.
Lower Limit
It's hard to know where Beijing will draw the line in the sand for bolder policy action given the rapid expansion of the services sector, which creates more jobs than manufacturing.
Still, the government may have to step up policy support if quarterly growth slips below 7 per cent, government economists at top think tanks involved in policy discussions said.
"There should be a lower limit. If (quarterly) growth slips below 7 per cent, policy should be changed," said Zhang Yongjun, senior economist at China Centre for International Economic Exchanges, a well-connected think-tank in Beijing.
Top leaders have ruled out any massive stimulus as China struggles to deal with piles of local government debt, the hangover from a 4 trillion yuan ($652 billion) spending package implemented in 2008-09 to help cushion the country from the global financial crisis.
President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang are seeking to push reforms to put the world's second-largest economy on a more sustainable footing over the long term.
The government is likely to cut its annual growth target to around 7 per cent in 2015, government economists said. (1 US dollar = 6.1305 Chinese yuan)
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Bose Institute registrar suspended following sexual harassment complaintsBose Institute registrar suspended following sexual harassment complaints
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 10:  
The registrar of the prestigious Bose Institute has been suspended following complaints of ’sexual crime and nepotism’, officials said today.
The Central Vigilance Commission had received complaints against registrar Surajit Panigrahi for sexual advances to a girl seeking employment as a stenographer.
“There were allegations of sexual crime against him. Since the charges were serious in nature we had suggested the governing council of the institute to suspend him and now he has been suspended,” B K Shukla, chief vigilance officer in the Department of Science and Technology, told PTI from Delhi.
CVC will now begin investigating the charges against the registrar, he said.
City-based NGO India’s Smile had lodged a complaint against the registrar on the issue after which the matter was taken up by DST.
Biologist and senior professor of the institute Sampa Das has been appointed as the new registrar, sources in it said.
Funded by the Centre, Bose Institute is an autonomous premier scientific inter-disciplinary research body in India which was founded by Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose in 1917.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Infosys Q2 net profit up 28.6 pct  delivers par for course resultsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centre assures help as cyclone Hudhud approaches Orissa  Andhra andTelanganaPrint
Hudhud will be the second major cyclone after Phailin, which hit the eastern coast in October last year.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:22 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 2:37 pm
With cyclone ‘ Hudhud ‘ fast approaching the states of Orissa , Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today spoke to the chief ministers of the three states on the steps being taken to deal with the situation.
Singh, who is in the middle of election campaigning, spoke to Orissa Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and asked him about the preparedness to meet the challenges that could be posed by the cyclone.
Patnaik sought satellite phones following which Singh asked Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami to ensure quick supplies of the phones which could be used in case high-speed winds disturbed the telecommunication system.
Recently, flash floods in Kashmir Valley had seen disruption of telecommunication system. The Home Minister later spoke to Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana N Chandrababu Naidu and K C Rao respectively regarding their preparedness to face the fast approaching cyclone ‘Hudhud’.
The Home Minister assured the Chief Ministers all help from the Centre. “The Centre is closely monitoring the progression of ‘Hudhud’ which is expected to hit the coast in the next 24 hrs,” Singh said.
Met reports suggested the “very severe cyclonic storm” is likely to hit Andhra Pradesh and Orissa coast by October 12 and unleash heavy rainfall and gusty winds with speed up to 155 kmph.
Hudhud will be the second major cyclone after Phailin, which hit the eastern coast in October last year. While Phailin, which was also a “very severe cyclonic storm” saw winds gusting up to 210-220 kmph, Hudhud may not be as severe as Phailin.
Met department has predicted that “heavy rainfall” to “very heavy rainfall” at few places would commence over Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of North coastal Andhra and Ganjam, Puri and Khurda districts of Orissa from October 11.
An NDRF battalion each comprising 1150 personnel in Orissa and Andhra Pradesh is on standy. Four teams (one team comprises 55 personnel) of the force have left for Visakhapatnam and they would be further repositioned based on the request made by the two state governments.

Infosys Announces Bonus Shares: How Does it Impact InvestorsKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys' board on Friday approved a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held by investors. The company also announced a dividend of Rs 30 per share ( Read ). The two announcements led to a 7 per cent surge in stock prices and sent Infosys to a 52-week high of Rs 3,908 in intraday trade. Infosys has not fixed a record date for the bonus issue yet. ( Track stock )
Here's your 10-point cheat-sheet about the bonus issue:
1) Infosys investors will get one share free for every share they hold. As a result, the number of outstanding Infosys shares will also double. Investors get extra shares, but their holding in the company (in terms of percentage) remains the same.
2) The bonus issue will double the company's equity base, but earnings will not double overnight. As a result, earnings per share (EPS) will fall and hence the share prices will correct substantially a day before the record date (called the ex-date) of the bonus issue.
3) Independent analyst Sarvendra Srivastava says it is for the markets to decide what premium it wants to pay for the bonus share. Infosys shares can fall by 30-40 per cent from the current market price on the ex-bonus date, he added.
4) A bonus issue is different from a stock split, in which case the face value of shares fall by half (or in whatever ratio the company decides to split). In case of bonus issue, the face value does not change. So, Infosys shares will continue to have a face value of Rs 5 per share post the bonus.
5) However, a bonus issue increases the liquidity of shares in the market and results in increased investor base.
6) Bonus issues may also result in higher dividends for investors. For instance, if Infosys give Rs 30 per share dividend next year too, investors who hold the stock, will get Rs 60 because of the bonus they got this year.
7) Manoj Goel, director at ARC Financial Services told NDTV that a bonus issue is a sign that the company will increase its profitability substantially to justify issue of additional shares. So the shareholders would be benefited both in terms of high profit and more dividend on total shares, he added.
8) Bonus shares are issued from retained earnings. Infosys had retained earnings of Rs 46,689 crore as on September 30, 2014. Infosys' share capital (Rs 286 crore) will rise.
9) However, some analysts criticized the move. Barclays said Infosys still has US$5.5 billion in cash and we would prefer a comprehensive capital allocation strategy from management.
10) Pramod Gubbi of Ambit told NDTV that a bonus issue is not the way to reward shareholders. The only two ways to reward shareholders are 1) buyback and 2) higher dividend payout, he added ( Watch ).
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 17:37 (IST)

Racold Thermo launches slimmest water heaterHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Racold Thermo launches slimmest water heater
Our Bureau
Pune, Oct 10:  
Water heating solutions brand Racold Thermo has launched Velis, the slimmest storage electrical water heater.
With depth of 27 cm, the new heaters also have metalized exteriors, and along with the recently launched Eterno Swift and Altro2 Plus range, the Velis is customized for the sanitary channel. It will strengthen Racold’s presence in the Rs 850 crore strong Indian water heater market.
Mathew Job, Managing Director, Racold Thermo said, “Bathrooms have undergone a remarkable change in the last few years. With changing lifestyle preferences, consumers want the water heater, too, to match the smart look of their bathroom. Velis has been designed keeping this in mind.”
The new range, which ranges between 25 and 65 litres can be installed vertically or horizontally and costs from Rs 17,990 to Rs 27,990 apiece.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Our jawans have shut Pakistans mouth :ModiPress Trust of India | Dhamangaon (maha) | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:46 pm
As firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said Pakistan has been taught a “befitting lesson” with the Army “shutting their mouth”.
“Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth,” he said addressing an election rally here.
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
“I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere,” he said.
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government’s response to Pakistan’s aggression.
“Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty ‘boli’ (talk) by them, but for ‘goli’ (bullet) by our jawans,” he said.

Child rights activists Malala Yousafzai  Kailash Satyarthi win Nobel PeacePrizeSatyarthi and Yousafzai were picked for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people, and for the right of all children to education, the Norwegian Nobel Committee said. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 10:28 pm
Kailash Satyarthi , a child rights activist, has become the seventh Indian citizen to win a Nobel and the second after Mother Teresa to be picked for the peace prize. Sixty-year-old Satyarthi was named by the Nobel committee Friday as the joint winner of the prestigious award for 2014, along with Pakistani teenager and women rights icon Malala Yousafzai.
The New Delhi-based Satyarthi, who hails from Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh, is the founder of the the grassroots NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan and Goodweave, a rug trademarking organisation against child labour.
ALSO READ:  Twitterati congratulate Kailash Satyrathi and Malala Yousafzai 
Malala, now 17, become a symbol of defiance in the fight against militants operating in the Pashtun tribal areas in northwest Pakistan. She became globally known in 2012 when Taliban gunmen almost killed her for her advocacy of women’s right to education.
Announcing the award, the Norwegian Nobel Committee said in a press release that Satyarthi and Malala were being awarded for their “struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education”. The two will split the Nobel award of US$1.1mn.
Incidentally, the release also noted, “The Nobel Committee regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism.”
Reacting to the award, Satyarthi said, “I am thankful to the Nobel committee for recognising the plight of millions of children who are suffering in this modern age. The honour is for all the citizens of India. I will continue my work for the welfare of children.”
Satyarthi, a former electrical engineer who is married with two children, has spearheaded a campaign over the years against companies where children are still illegally employed as bonded labourers, setting thousands of them free.
ALSO READ: Website of Satyarthi’s NGO crashes, his name trends on Twitter
Among the other awards he was won include the Aachen Peace Prize (1994), the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award (1995), Friedrich Ebert Stiftung Human Rights Award (1999), and Parliamentarians for Global Action’s Defender of Democracy Award (2009).
Elaborating on Satyarthi’s work, the Nobel committee said, “Showing great personal courage, Kailash Satyarthi, maintaining Gandhi’s tradition, has headed various forms of protests and demonstrations, all peaceful, focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain. He has also contributed to the development of important international conventions on children’s rights.”
The other Nobel laureates from India are: Rabindranath Tagore (Literature), CV Raman (Physics), Har Gobind Khurana (Medicine), Mother Teresa (Peace), Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar (Physics) and Amartya Sen (Economics).
Malala was one of the favourites to win the Nobel Prize last year. Now based in Britain, she is unable to return to her homeland because of Taliban threats to kill her and her family members — she had been shot in the head in 2012. She has also won the European Union’s human rights award.
(With inputs from agencies)

Infosys roars 7%; hits all-time high @ Rs 3908 | Nifty slips below 7900Infosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy on dips  sell on rises suggests Nooresh MeraniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy on dips, sell on rises suggests Nooresh Merani
Watch the interview of Nooresh Merani, CEO of Analyse India with Nigel D'Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
 
Watch the interview of Nooresh Merani, CEO of Analyse India with Nigel D'Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
RELATED NEWS

Indovation Technologies: Updates on acquisitionsOct 10, 2014, 02.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indovation Technologies: Updates on acquisitions
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that term sheet has been entered into for acquisition of 100% stake in Sristek Clinical Research Solutions Ltd. based at DLE Cyber City (SEZ), Hyderabad, for purchase consideration of Rs 10 Crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indovation Technologies: Updates on acquisitions
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that term sheet has been entered into for acquisition of 100% stake in Sristek Clinical Research Solutions Ltd. based at DLE Cyber City (SEZ), Hyderabad, for purchase consideration of Rs 10 Crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Indovation Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that:1. Term sheet has been entered into with "Symetric Life Sciences Pvt Ltd" - a Hyderabad based Pharma Solutions & Services Company, for acquisition of 100% stake in the said Company along with products mentioned herein below, for purchase consideration of Rs. 15 Crores.a) SyMetric - Clinical Data Management System (CDMS).b) Mindomatics - Computerized Psychometrics Tests: The software application has a series of computerized psychomotor tests, that enable the effect of drugs on human motor and psychiatric functions. The said software is copyrighted.c) Pharma App: Development of the application is in advanced stage and is expected to be rolled out by December, 2014.2. Term sheet has been entered into for acquisition of 100% stake in Sristek Clinical Research Solutions Ltd. based at DLE Cyber City (SEZ), Hyderabad, for purchase consideration of Rs. 10 Crores.Source : BSE

Nobel Peace Prize for India s Satyarthi  Pakistan s MalalaNobel Peace Prize for India s Satyarthi  Pakistan s Malala
Stay invested in cement space  says ICICIdirectStay invested in cement space  says ICICIdirect
Gun matters during border tensions  not speeches: ModiGun matters during border tensions  not speeches: Modi
PM praises Chauhan for his performancePM praises Chauhan for his performance
Board of Infosys recommends dividendBoard of Infosys recommends dividend
Japan court orders Google to delete search results on manJapan court orders Google to delete search results on man
Pakistani teenager  Indian children s right activist win Nobel Peace PrizeKailash Satyarthi, Malala win Nobel Peace Prize
PTI
Indian children’s right advocate Kailash Satyarthi (left) and Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai (right)
The Hindu Indian children’s right advocate Kailash Satyarthi
Reuters Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai
OSLO, Oct 10:  
An Indo-Pak and Hindu-Muslim combination of Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai today shared the Nobel Peace Prize honours for 2014 for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent.
60-year-old Satyarthi, who runs an NGO in India that has been in the forefront of rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who shot to the limelight after Taliban militants pumped bullets into her for advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the top global award this year.
“The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided that the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 is to be awarded to Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the rights of all children to education,” the jury said.
Satyarthi, who runs NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement), has maintained the tradition of Mahatma Gandhi and headed various forms of peaceful protests, “focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain,” the Nobel committee said.
The Committee said it “regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism.”
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campiagn for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
She has become the youngest Nobel laureate.
Satyarthi, the second Indian after Mother Teresa to be named for the peace prize, and Malala join a select league of eminent international personalities who have shared the Nobel Peace Prize for their outstanding work in furthering world peace and in other fields.
Malala, who was airlifted to Queen Elizabeth hospital in Birmingham where she was treated for life-threatening injuries, continued to campaign for girls’ education.
She addressed the UN last year, met US President Barack Obama and was named one of Time magazine’s 100 most influential people. Last year, she published her memoir ‘I Am Malala’.
In the statement, the committee said: “Despite her youth, Malala Yousafzai has already fought for several years for the right of girls to education, and has shown by example that children and young people, too, can contribute to improving their own situations.
“This she has done under the most dangerous circumstances. Through her heroic struggle she has become a leading spokesperson for girls’ rights to education.”
This year’s record number of 278 nominees included Pope Francis and Congolese gynaecologist Denis Mukwege, although the full list was kept a secret.
In 1993, F W de Klerk, the last president of South Africa in the apartheid regime, and Nelson Mandela were named for the award for their work for ending the apartheid regime. Next year, Israeli leaders Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin shared the honours with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for their work in reducing tensions in the Middle East.
While in 1997 John Hume (Northern Ireland) and David Trimble (Britain) won the peace prize for their efforts to find a peaceful solution to the conflict in Northern Ireland.
Nobel, a wealthy Swedish industrialist who invented dynamite, provided few directions for how to select winners, except that the prize committees should reward those who “have conferred the greatest benefit to mankind”.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

British designer Tom Dixon makes creative scents0
Dixon rose to prominence in the mid-1980s, and he has proven to be a design wizard with his own special alchemy.
At Maison et Objet, not only did he set up a quirky olfactory factory, but he also unveiled his latest accessories collection inspired by nature. Scent Elements candles and tea lights in four fragrances — Water, Fire, Air and Earth — come in gorgeous colored glass containers featuring hand-applied gold lettering. Meanwhile, items in the Tank Barware series, such as the clear glass decanter with copper detailing and the flasklike tank jug, look like pieces of the world's classiest laboratory equipment. Axis candleholders, made of pressed glass, are architectural and abstract.
All of these items, including limited-edition M&O bricks, can be found at tomdixon.net and would make great gifts this holiday season. For yourself, yes, but for design-loving friends and family too.
lpearson@tribune.com

Equities end lower  rupee gainsUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:09 IST
Equities end lower, rupee gains
Special Correspondent
The Hindu A file picture of Indian currency. Photo: K. Pichumani.
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
The equity market closed lower on Wednesday as information technology and healthcare stocks tumbled, while the rupee gained against the dollar.
The rupee closed at 61.40 as compared to its previous day’s close of 61.43 on Tuesday. The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26246.79 with a loss of 25.18 points or 0.10 per cent. Among broader indices, BSE 100 was down by 0.03 per cent and BSE 200 lost 0.11 per cent. While BSE’s mid-cap stocks lost 0.23 per cent, the small-cap stocks gained marginally by 0.06 per cent. On the National Stock Exchange, the 50-share Nifty closed at 7842.70 with a loss of 9.70 points.
PTI adds:
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery was down $ 1.11 to $ 87.74 a barrel in afternoon trade and Brent crude eased $ 1.12 to $ 90.99. Both contracts tumbled on Tuesday.
FPIs/FIIs pulled out a whopping Rs 1,440.99 crore from domestic stocks ON Wednesday, as per provisional data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, “Rupee opened weak taking cues from local equities which traded slightly negative. With expectation of interest rate hike in the US, the dollar anticipated for bullish run in coming days. Towards end rupee trimmed its early losses and close near yesterday’s close at 61.40, as today“.
In New York market, the US dollar fell to three-week low against its major rival in early trade, as dealers opted for safe-haven Japanese yen.
The dollar continued to dip lower on Tuesday against the yen on Tuesday afternoon, reaching its lowest point in more than three weeks, in a move described as a correction following a strong run up.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex moved down by 25.18 points of 0.10 per cent to end at 26,246.79.

Con couple dupe Delhi jeweller of Rs 1 croreEYE BROWSE
Con couple dupe Delhi jeweller of Rs 1 crore
The police have registered a cheating case at Barakhamba police station and have formed several teams to nab the conman and his wife.
By Mahender Singh Manral | Mail Today –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: A KAROL Bagh-based jeweller has lodged a complaint with Delhi Police against a suave, English-speaking man who allegedly duped him of Rs 1 crore.
Jeweller Satish Luthra told the police he used to meet the conman in the Governor's suite at Himachal Bhawan in Delhi during which the accused promised to appoint Luthra's daughter as a district attorney in Himachal Pradesh and his son as a DSP in Punjab.
The police have registered a cheating case at Barakhamba police station and have formed several teams to nab the conman and his wife.
Sources said Luthra had met accused Rajpal Singh through his relative named Jagjeet Sehdev. Rajpal had reportedly introduced himself as the chairman of a leading political party in Himachal Pradesh and had, after some meetings, asked Luthra to come and meet him in Himachal Bhawan.
In his police complaint, Luthra said Rajpal asked about his children and he told him about his elder daughter's LLM degree and his younger son completing his graduation.
"He (Rajpal) claimed that he was politically connected in Himachal government and can get my daughter appointed as District Attorney and son as DSP in Punjab," Luthra told the police and said he then asked for Rs 50 lakh to get the job done.
Sources added that Luthra then went to meet Rajpal to pay Rs 50 lakh but instead his wife collected the money.
"At another meeting, he (Rajpal) claimed that he has good contacts in DDA and can arrange a flat of worth around Rs 2.5 crore in Vasant Kunj for him for around Rs 80 lakh," police sources said, adding that later the victim gave him another Rs 50 lakh.
The victim realised he was cheated when Rajpal started avoiding him and stopped taking his calls after months.
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

Global growth fears weigh on oil pricesGlobal growth fears weigh on oil prices
By Gregory Meyer and Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cc0a95e2-4ffd-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Report: Amazon to Open Its First-Ever Physical Store in New Yorkreport: amazon to open its first-ever physical store in new york
Burdwan blast case handed over to NIAPrint
Written by Subrata Nagchowdhury , Madhulika Dash , Vijaita Singh | Kolkatanew Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:59 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 9:11 am
Despite apprehensions by the West Bengal government, the Union Home Ministry on Thursday took a suo motu decision to hand over investigation into the Burdwan blast case to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
The ministry’s move was made easier after the state CID added sections under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) to the case, a pre-requisite to transfer it to the central agency, on Wednesday. The case was initially registered under various sections of the IPC.
In fact, state government sources said that it was the ministry which virtually pushed the West Bengal government to slap the UAPA provisions despite its reluctance. This enabled the ministry to push for an NIA probe. The ministry decided to transfer the case as per the NIA Act of 2008.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh made the decision following consistent demands from the state unit of the BJP.
Ever since an alleged terror network was discovered on October 3, when a bomb being assembled accidentally went off at a house in Burdwan district, the state BJP unit and the CPM had been demanding that the case be handed over to NIA for “fair” investigations.
BJP spokesperson Siddharth Nath Singh said, “We welcome the MHA step. We have been demanding this from day one. Much of the hard evidence has already been destroyed,” said Singh.
The issue had split the West Bengal government, with one section in favour of an NIA probe since it would help the state government get the matter off its hands, while another section — largely egged on by top TMC leadership — in favour of a probe by the state CID. Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has maintained silence on the issue so far.
A top BJP leader said on condition of anonymity, “The move will intensify the political wrangling on the ground between the BJP and the TMC in the state.”

Desikan ThirunarayanapuramAnd there’s nothing Michelle Obama can do about it.
Nov 24, 2014
Hagel submitted his resignation under pressure Monday.
Nov 24, 2014
The president promised to forcefully sell his immigration plan, but the House GOP vowed to fight back.
Nov 21, 2014
The president laid out his new plan where he first called for an immigration policy overhaul.
Nov 21, 2014
In a Las Vegas speech that was part impassioned campaign rally and part a challenge to Congress, Obama continued to lay out a legal and moral case for why he needed to take action.
Nov 21, 2014
Obama will return to Del Sol High School, where he announced plans to reform the nation’s immigration system in 2013.
Nov 21, 2014

Infosys Q2 net up 7%  $ revenue rises 3.1%  gives 1:1 bonusLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys Q2 net up 7%, $ revenue rises 3.1%, okays 1:1 bonus
Infosys has reported a 7 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) profit at Rs Rs 3,096 crore quarter-on-quarter and dollar revenue grew 3.2 percent to USD 2,201 million.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Software services exporter  Infosys surpassed street expectations on Friday with the second quarter (July-September) net profit rising 7.3 percent sequentially (up 28.6 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 3,096 crore (on consolidated basis) on strong revenue and operational growth. Profit in previous quarter was at Rs 2,886 crore and CNBC-TV18 poll expected it at Rs 2,985 crore.
"On several fronts, efforts to bring in operational efficiencies yielded encouraging results during the quarter," said UB Pravin Rao, chief operating officer. Profit in dollar terms was up 6 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 33.4 percent Y-o-Y) to USD 511 million.
Revenue during the quarter grew by 4.5 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 2.9 percent Y-o-Y) to Rs 13,342 crore and dollar revenue climbed 3.1 percent sequentially (up 6.5 percent on yearly basis) to USD 2,201 million in the quarter gone by (in constant currency revenue growth was 3.9 percent Q-o-Q and 6.3 percent Y-o-Y) driven by volume growth.
Volumes increased 3 percent Q-o-Q (2.9 percent in Q1) as offshore volumes increased 3.8 percent Q-o-Q (3.2 percent in Q1) while onsite volumes were up 1.1 percent in September quarter as against 2.2 percent in June quarter. Realisations increased 0.6 percent in constant-currency terms as onsite realisations were up 2.6 percent on sequential basis.
According to CNBC-TV18 poll estimates, rupee revenue had expected at Rs 13,307 crore and dollar revenue at USD 2,195 million.
Infosys has maintained its full year (FY15) dollar revenue guidance at 7-9 percent, which was largely on expected lines.
New CEO Dr Vishal Sikka sees digital transformation driving growth of the company going forward. "Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," he said.
"Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work," he added.
On the operational front, consolidated earnings before interest and tax increased by 8.5 percent sequentially to Rs 3,483 crore and margin expanded by 96 basis points to 26.1 percent in the quarter ended September 2014 (supported by rupee depreciation and improvement in utilisation) while estimates were at Rs 3,407 crore and 25.6 percent, respectively.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," said Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer.
Sikka, who officially joined Infosys on June 12, expects operating margins to be around 25 percent in FY15.
During July-September quarter, utilisation rate excluding trainees was 82.3 percent (at all-time high) compared to 80.1 percent on sequential basis and utilisation rate including trainees was 75.2 percent versus 74.8 percent Q-o-Q.
Infosys and its subsidiaries added 49 clients (gross) during the quarter.
Among the major deals during the quarter, Infosys signed a multi-year agreement with Daimler AG covering management of infrastructure services and data centers. It also received a contract for consolidated IT and BPO operations for a major fashion retailer in the US as part of a five-year oracle retail support agreement and another contract from one of UK’s leading supermarket chains.
Revenue from North America territory grew 3.1 percent sequentially and 3.2 percent in constant currency and Europe revenue growth stood at 4.2 percent (Q-o-Q) and 6.5 percent in constant currency.
Rest of world growth was 2.8 percent Q-o-Q and 4.2 percent in constant currency. However, India revenue declined by 5.1 percent on quarter-on-quarter basis and 4 percent in constant currency.
Major positive factor was the growth in manufacturing sector that reported 3.6 percent sequential growth (up 2.6 percent in Q1FY15) and 4.5 percent in constant currency (2.5 percent in Q1). Financial services and insurance segment grew by 1.2 percent Q-o-Q and 2 percent in constant currency (up 1.8 percent and 1 percent in CC in Q1FY15).
Retail, CPG & logistics division growth was 1.5 percent Q-o-Q and 2 percent in constant currency (up 2.1 percent and 2 percent CC in Q1FY15) while energy, utilities, and communications and services grew by 7.8 percent sequentially and 8.8 percent in constant currency.
However, the only worrisome factor during the quarter was its rising attrition rate, which jumped to 20.1 percent compared to 19.5 percent in June quarter but net addition of 4,127 employees in Q2 versus 879 in previous quarter was a positive indicator. IT exporter and its subsidiaries have 165,411 employees as on September 30, 2014.
As of September 2014, liquid assets (including cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale financial assets, certificates of deposits and government bonds) were worth USD 5,444 million compared to USD 4,943 million at the end of previous quarter.
In order to increase the liquidity of shares and to expand the retail shareholder base, IT exporter recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held.
The same bonus issue is also applicable to ADR shareholders, who will get one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held as on a record date to be determined.
The company also declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per share (equivalent to interim dividend of USD 0.49 per ADS at the exchange rate of Rs 61). The record date for payment of dividend is October 17, 2014.
At 09:58 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,845.20, up Rs 199.65, or 5.48 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

How India went from 15 000 cyclone deaths in 1999 to just 38 last yearHow India went from 15,000 cyclone deaths in 1999 to just 38 last year
Written by
October 10, 2014
Those living on the eastern coast are in for a rough end to the week.(AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout)
SHARE
Rohan Venkataramakrishnan, Scroll.in
October 10, 2014
Paradip, Helen, Jal, Phailin and now Hudhud. The eastern coast of India has always been prone to deadly weather formations that develop over the Bay of Bengal, and this year is no different. On Wednesday, the Meteorological Department sent out an official alert that a depression over the Andaman Sea had intensified into a cyclone.
The storm has been named Hudhud, a reference to an Afro-Eurasian bird, in accordance with the proposed cyclone name list. The Met department expects it to have severe impact over north coastal Andhra Pradesh and the south Odisha coast over the next 36 hours. The official bulletin expects extremely heavy rainfall from the evening of October 11, followed by speeds of up to 150 km/h on 12th morning, as well as extremely rough seas.
Quite clearly, those living on the eastern coast are in for a rough end to the week.
But this is not India in 1999. Back then a super cyclone killed more than 15,000 people, mostly in Odisha, and ended up disrupting the lives of 20 million others. Last year, however, the casualty count for the most severe cyclone to hit India since 1999 was kept down to just 38 people.
So how did India manage to go from more than 15,000 deaths in 1999 to keeping the number of casualties to double digits?
Tap image to zoom
Forecasting
Improvements in two areas have been key: weather forecasting and evacuation procedures. The most effective way to ensure extreme weather events do not cause tremendous destruction is to be warned about them early on and to move people out of the way.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The Met department now tracks the difference between its forecasts and the path that the storm eventually takes. Using this forecast skill metric, Indian meteorologists have substantially improved their accuracy when it comes to predicting such weather events, making it easier for disaster management authorities to then take action.
The difference in the number of fatalities between Cyclone Phailin and the Uttarakhand cloudburst is instructive here. Both storms happened last year, yet Uttarakhand left more than 5,700 dead and millions affected. Although Phailin would also affect millions, its casualty count was kept to double digits. A big part of this was simply that there was no advance warning about the Uttarakhand cloudburst, while the Met department and local authorities had been tracking Phailin for weeks.
Evacuation
By the time there were four days until Phailin made landfall – almost exactly a year ago now – warnings had been spread through the affected zone, ensuring that 400,000 people had moved out of the most vulnerable zones. Eventually, more than 1.2 million people were evacuated, the largest such operation India carried out in more than two decades.
“Government cooperation, preparedness at the community level, early warning communication and lessons learned from Cyclone 05B [in 1999], contributed to the successful evacuation operation, effective preparation activities and impact mitigation,” stated a report filed by the United Nations Environment Programme’s Global Environment Alert Service. “This event exhibits the importance, benefits and effectiveness of the use of early warning for a massive disaster.”
According to UNEP, the government of Odisha spent more than $255 million over the last few years on cyclone mitigation projects. This included the building of evacuation shelters, conducting planning exercises, conducting drills and strengthening embankments.
“Successfully evacuating a million people is not a small task,” said a memo from the World Bank, which provided funding for some of Odisha’s disaster management projects. “This cannot be merely achieved by kicking the entire state machinery into top gear for 3-4 days following a cyclone warning. This has taken years of planning, construction of disaster risk mitigation infrastructure, setting up of evacuation protocols, identification of potential safe buildings to house communities and most importantly, working with communities and community-based local organisations.”
Hudhud
As of now, Hudhud does not appear to be turning into a Super Cyclone, although the Met department is expecting severe weather when it makes landfall this weekend. Teams from the disaster management force are prepared and expect to have a clearer idea within a day of where the storm is likely to hit land.
Authorities in Ganjam district, where it is expected to have the most severe impact, have ensured they have sufficient manpower to deal with any fallout. More than 300 evacuation centres have also been kept ready, although the government hasn’t asked any residents to leave their houses, because the area of landfall is yet to be properly forecast.
The cyclone has already had some effect in the state, with  vegetable prices going up steeply  and residents rushing to get essential commodities. But after the mostly positive experience of Phailin, the government seems confident about taking on Hudhud as well, with chief minister Naveen Patnaik insisting that the state has prepared  all contingency plans  and will now wait to see what IMD forecasts have in store.
This post first appeared in Scroll.in  
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

BSE Sensex falls over 200 points in early tradeMarket Update: Sensex slumps 340 points to log biggest fall in over two weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday fell nearly 340 points, its biggest fall in over two weeks, due to across-the-board losses in bluechips amid a global sell-off on economic growth concerns, although software firm Infosys surged 6.68 per cent on positive Q2 earnings .
Brokers said besides profit-booking by speculators, a lower closing on other Asian markets and a subdued opening of the European mkarkets on growing concerns about the global economy, after the IMF head warned that Euro-zone could slip into recession, influenced trading sentiments in the domestic market .
The 30-issue BSE Sensex, which had gained 390.49 points in Thursday's trade, fell by 339.90 points (or 1.28 per cent), to 26,297.38, with all the sectoral indices, except IT and Teck, ending in red with losses up to 4 per cent.
On similar lines, the 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty struggled to maintain the 7,900-mark and ended 100.60 points (or 1.26 per cent) down at 7,859.95 after dipping to 7,848.45 intra-day.
Brokers also said that a rally in Infosys on the back of good second quarter earnings, cushioned the fall in the BSE barometer.
Shares of IT major Infosys surged 6.68 per cent to close at 3,888.95 after the company posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every share held.
Of the 30 Sensex scrips, 23 shares ended with losses led by Tata Motors (down 5.3 per cent), Hindalco (4.79 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (4.60 per cent).
Sectorwise, the metal index suffered the most by losing 4.11 per cent, followed by auto index (2.78 per cent), FMCG index (2.56 per cent) and Banking index (1.80 per cent).
Bucking the trend, the IT index gained 2.29 per cent, while Teck index rose 1.17 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore on Thursday.

Infy good bet even @ 3 800: Dimensions ConsultingAjay Srivastava Dimensions Consulting
("The paradigm shift of the…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ajay Srivastava, CEO, Dimensions Consulting, shares his view on the Infosys results. Excerpts:
ET Now: At least going by the Infy PAT, it seems it is going to be a good quarter. I do not know about the guidance yet.
Ajay Srivastava: The cost has gone down. I can see that.
ET Now: I have three numbers on which I want you to react. Probably the cost has been contained because the margins are at 26.1%, top line growth is in line with estimates and the bottom line way above estimates. It has come in as you have predicted that the numbers are good. What is the next for Infosys?
Ajay Srivastava: The next is, you buy it and keep it. It is as simple as that. It is a great story. I do not think people even understand what it is going to look like. Just forget the Citi report, which says sell all IT, sell Infosys, sell Tech Mahindra . Just forget that report.
The paradigm shift of the US operations is going to come into play in the next few quarters. Just keep watching this dramatic shift. The way the company is being managed will help it get distinguished from the rest of the IT players in India in the next few quarters and years.
ET Now: The first quarter of the new CEO is already surprised with the margin performance and the bottom line performance and he has declared a bonus as well. Now what do you expect the commentary to have?
Ajay Srivastava: The first part of the commentary, which is more than just numbers and services, is about the direction of the company. It is being closer to the technology hubs in the US. What more will happen on the technology front, the partnership front and where this company can take out a decisive edge in the market -- we are looking forward to all such things because something substantial needs to happen in this company. Apart from services utilization, everything is to take a different direction in terms of the approach to the company.
What happens to the consulting arm is an interesting thing because that has done reasonably well. Whether he will grow it or contract it or come out with a separate entity, we do not know about that. If the consulting and technology part comes out strong, it will add to the buffer of the services, which can be plus or minus depending on the quarters. But what one would like to hear the commentary on these two parts, and also see where the value can be built up in Infosys.
ET Now: Do you still recommend a buy or do you think this is just a one-off result reaction that we are seeing today on Infy?
Ajay Srivastava: It is definitely a long-term buy. You may see short-term correction, but do not forget to accumulate at that point. The time has come for you to put your faith in Infy because the value parameters tell you that relative to other peers, there is a lot more share price increase that can come in just on a rerating platform. It is a good place to be in even at 3800 levels, but do not worry about corrections. Corrections are for accumulation. Do not worry about research reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In the throes of Make in India  why is Nokia shutting a factory that once employed 8 000 peopleModinomics
October 10, 2014
The year was 2005. Nokia was at the top of its game as a handset manufacturer with total sales of $43.49 billion. And in India—its fourth largest market in the world—the Finnish giant held a staggering 60% share of the mobile  phone market. Samsung was a speck in the rearview mirror, with a measly 8% share.
So it made perfect sense for the company to start a manufacturing unit in India, then a mobile market waiting to explode. In April 2005, the Espoo-headquartered firm signed an agreement with the Tamil Nadu government to  start a manufacturing facility  in Sriperumbudur, 31 miles from the capital city of Chennai.
Nokia’s first ‘Made-in-India’ model was the immensely popular Nokia 1100, a cheap and durable cellphone that became the largest selling handset in the country. (Eventually, the series even became the world’s highest selling consumer electronics product). Such was the company’s dominance in India that the five most popular mobile  phone models in the country were all made by Nokia.
Predictably, the Sriperumbudur factory grew to be one of Nokia’s largest facilities in the world with some 8,000 people producing around  15 million handsets a month . But after eight years of operation, the Sriperumbudur facility will be shuttered on 1 November.
Just as Prime Minister Narendra Modi is inviting investors around the world to come and make in India , why is a large and important manufacturing facility that has been making in India all along, shutting down?
It’s a story worth knowing.
Taxman raids
The closure is the final move in a year-long dispute that started when India’s income tax authorities raided Nokia’s corporate offices in Gurgaon and the Sriperumbudur facility in January 2013. The taxman alleged that the Finnish company owed the Indian government  Rs2,080 crore ($369 million) in unpaid taxes  (paywall).
This amount was related to payments that Nokia India made to its parent company in Finland, Nokia Oyj, for supplying the software that was used in the handsets manufactured in India. The income tax department considers these payments as “royalties”, which are  taxable in India .
“Prima facie, there appears to be some defaults with respect to TDS deductions on royalty payments made to its parent company based at Finland. It is also observed that the company has changed its accounting model and also it is in the process of re-organising the existing business model to by-pass certain direct and indirect tax liabilities,” the department said in a 2013 statement.
Nokia fights back
Within a month, Nokia pushed back , describing the income tax department’s actions as “excessive, unacceptable and inconsistent with Indian standards of fair play and governance.” The company argued that it had been given no prior intimation of the tax claims—and that nothing it had done was illegal.
 Domestic upstarts like Micromax and Karbonn were also intensifying the competition in the low-cost segment, once dominated by the Finnish giant. 
“Nokia notes its position is that it is in full compliance with local laws as well as the bilaterally negotiated tax treaty between the Governments of India and Finland, as far as withholding tax on supply of operating software is concerned,” it explained in a statement.
The company also clarified that since opening its factory in Chennai, its transfer pricing policy had been “regularly scrutinized and validated by the Indian and Finnish Tax authorities.”
Stalemate
On 21 March, the income tax department served Nokia with a notice for over Rs2,000 crore ($327 million) in unpaid taxes, in response to which the company moved the Delhi High Court the next day. The court then issued an interim stay on the notice, asking the tax department for clarifications.
Eventually, the court asked Nokia to take its appeal to the commissioner of income tax (appeals)—who, at the end of May, rejected the phone maker’s plea against the massive tax charge.
By then, Finland’s finance ministry had also  got in touch with the Indian government, looking to resolve the issue under the double taxation avoidance agreement (DTAA) between the two countries.
Sliding share
Meanwhile, Nokia was struggling to keep pace with Samsung’s onslaught in the Indian handset market. Domestic upstarts like Micromax and Karbonn were also intensifying the competition in the low-cost phone segment, once absolutely dominated by the Finnish giant.
And the growth of smartphones sounded the death knell for Nokia. Samsung—with its Android handsets—rules the handset market while Apple has its loyal fans who wouldn’t trade iPhone for any other smartphone. Nokia, on the other hand, doesn’t even feature among the top five smartphone makers . The protracted tax dispute did nothing to help the unending slide of Nokia’s fortunes in the subcontinent.
Then came the big news.
End game
Microsoft  announced that it would buy  Nokia’s global handset business for $7.2 billion in September 2013. The acquisition was completed in April 2014, but the Delhi High Court ruled the Sriperumbudur plant could not  be transferred  to Nokia’s new owners. The tax department claimed that the Finnish firm didn’t have enough assets to meet the tax bill, which by then had been estimated at over Rs4,000 crore ($655 million).
As a result, the factory—with its fate undecided—stayed with Nokia, which entirely  exited the handset business .
Nearly a year after the dispute began, Nokia finally made some headway after it convinced the Delhi High Court to lift its freeze on the Sriperumbudur facility. But the court also ordered the company to deposit Rs2,250 crore ($367.17 million) in an escrow account, as a pre-condition. Besides, the court held that if Nokia India lost the tax dispute and was unable to pay the penalty, Nokia Finland would be liable to pay upto Rs3,500 crore ($572.40 million), or the entire royalty payment that had been made to the Finnish parent. The case is ongoing, now being fought in the Supreme Court.
But amidst all this, the factory became  an orphan. In April 2014, the plant eventually became a contract manufacturing unit for Microsoft, even as workers remained  unsure of their future .
Finally, on Wednesday, Nokia said it is going to suspend operations in the Sriperumbudur plant after Microsoft pulled the plug on Nokia’s Asha series mobile phones—the facility’s mainstay. The company will, however, continue paying the salaries of 1,100 workers till a decision on the fate of the plant is reached.
And that is how the great Finnish ‘make in India’ adventure ended as a cautionary tale.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Australia shares tumble to 8-month low on China tariff  global growth worryAustralia shares tumble to 8-month low on China tariff  global growth worry
See long-term growth at 15-18%; EBIT at 25-38%: InfyOct 10, 2014, 03.44 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See long-term growth at 15-18%; EBIT at 25-38%: Infosys
Sikka is keen to transform Infosys into a next generation services company and is looking to renew all the services the company offers. He has a long-term target to grow at 15-18 percent. The company’s long-term EBIT margin range is 25-38 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See long-term growth at 15-18%; EBIT at 25-38%: Infosys
Sikka is keen to transform Infosys into a next generation services company and is looking to renew all the services the company offers. He has a long-term target to grow at 15-18 percent. The company’s long-term EBIT margin range is 25-38 percent.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
After beating the street with second quarter net profit at Rs 3,096 crore , up 7.3 percent sequentially, Infosys 's new CEO Vishal Sikka says he sees meaningful revival in business in another two years, in line with Narayana Murthy's timeline of seeing revival in three years. Murthy embarked on the journey of reviving the business last year.
Sikka is keen to transform Infosys into a next generation services company and is looking to renew all the services the company offers. He has a long-term target to grow at 15-18 percent. The company’s long-term EBIT margin range is 25-38 percent.
On buyback, Sikka says it is too early to comment on it, while adding that theirs is a new management team that is committed to growth. He sees opportunity in new areas of growth. However, he adds that demand in some areas is on the decline.
Sikka is committed to achieving industry leading growth and good profitability.
Adding to Sikka’s comment, Rajiv Bansal, chief financial officer of the company, says there is a need for more investment considering that the top priority at the moment is achieving sustainable growth. He also adds that there is always opportunity for further cost optimisation.
Adding to the company's woes, Infosys has also been battling high attrition at around 20 percent. But UB Pravin Rao, chief operating officer says the company is comfortable with 12-14 percent attrition rate, while adding that attrition has declined on a month-on-month basis.
Below is the transcript of Dr. Vishal Sikka, Pravin Rao & Rajiv Bansal's interview with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18.
Q: Welcome to the quarter-to-quarter era, so I hope it has been a grueling intense initiation as far as you are concerned?
Sikka: Yes it has been fun and intense.
Q: In your opening remarks ‘sketchy at this point in time’ which is understandable given the fact that you have only been in office for about 70 days. But let me ask you the fundamental question when you talk about positioning Infosys as the next generation services company and not a previous generation services company. You have talked about artificial intelligence (AI), you talked about innovation and you have also talked about continuing to focus on the bread and butter segment because you will have to do that. What does this mean in terms of reorienting the very core of your business model? If you are talking about positioning yourself as a new generation services company with a key focus not on cost and labour arbitrage but on innovation, what will it mean in terms of redesigning your business model?
Sikka: It means a massive embrace of innovation and massive embrace of new technologies, AI, automation. A great focus on delivering business outcomes and value on innovation, on process improvements and I see that as something that can help us rethink and reinvent each one of our existing service lines without disrupting them. For example business process outsourcing (BPO), a traditional BPO, clients are increasingly not interested in the way BPO used to be done yesterday. They are interesting in achieving great business outcomes and process improvements and process innovation.
We see an opportunity to bring tremendous voice technologies, language processing technologies, automation technologies to rethink all kinds of business processes and we are starting to do that in someway.
Infrastructure management can benefit tremendously from innovation. So the key is to take our existing services and bring a renewal in those with the power of technology, with the power of better efficiency, with the power of automation as well as in operational excellence and so forth.

DDA proposes housing through private developers  studios apartments for seniorsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bombay High Court rules in favour of Vodafone India in transfer pricing caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Murthy says no to Infosys  Chairman Emeritus...You are here: Home > Collections
Narayana Murthy wants to be 'average Joe'; says no to Infosys' Chairman Emeritus post
PTI Oct 10, 2014, 12.56PM IST
Tags:
chairman emeritus
("I always keep trying new…)
BANGALORE: IT veteran NR Narayana Murthy has turned down the offer to become Infosys' Chairman Emeritus saying he wants to avoid conflicts and maintain corporate governance standards at the firm he co-founded 33 years ago.
Murthy, 68, will cease to be the non-executive Chairman with effect from today.
He had indicated to the Board that in line with the company's high corporate governance standards and to avoid any perceived conflicts, it would not be appropriate for him to be the Chairman Emeritus of Infosys. The Board has accepted Murthy's decision.
"I am a person who believes in innovation like Vishal. I always keep trying new models and last time in 2011, I chose to be Chairman Emeritus and this time I said let me see what it is like to be an average Joe. I am a shareholder. So I will be an average Joe starting today," Murthy said.
The company is also seeking regulatory guidance on appropriate classification of the founders and their family's share in the company (classified as promoters).
With the last two founders, Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan demitting office, the founders have neither association with the company nor exercise any control over the affairs of the company after the current date. The founders have therefore requested to seek appropriate classification of their revised status, Infosys said in a statement.
Referring to promoter as an "archaic and outdated concept", Murthy said it did not make sense to be called promoter when they have no executive role in the firm.
"It is predominantly an Indian concept, it's not part of the parlance discussions on modern corporate governance. Therefore, we said it doesn't make sense. Why should we be called promoters when we have no executive role in the company," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DA case: Chautala appears in Delhi courtNew Delhi, October 10, 2014
Updated: October 10, 2014 18:52 IST
Delhi HC directs Chautala to surrender on Saturday
Mohammed Iqbal
A file photo of Indian National Lok Dal chief Om Prakash Chautala. Photo: Kamal Narang
PTI A file photo of Indian National Lok Dal chief Om Prakash Chautala.
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
The Delhi High Court on Friday directed former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala, convicted in the teachers' recruitment scam case, to surrender before the jail authorities on Saturday
The Delhi High Court on Friday directed former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala, convicted in the teachers' recruitment scam case, to surrender before the jail authorities on Saturday. After being released on interim bail on medical grounds earlier, he was addressing a series of political rallies for the State Assembly elections.
Mr. Chautala, dressed in white kurta and dhoti and wearing a green headgear, appeared in a packed courtroom on the directions of Justice Siddharth Mridul. Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, appearing for the Indian National Lok Dal supremo, said he was not well and sought time for surrender in jail.
Justice Mridul directed that Mr. Chautala be taken to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for medical treatment, after he surrenders, if the jail authorities and Medical Superintendent find it necessary.
Mr. Chautala was sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment in the case by a CBI special court here last year in the case of corruption in the appointment of junior basic teachers in Haryana in 2000.

3G roaming pact to cause revenue loss to govt: DoT tells SCOct 10, 2014, 01.12 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
3G roaming pact to cause revenue loss to govt: DoT tells SC
TDSAT quashed a cumulative penalty worth Rs 1,200 crore imposed by DoT on the three telecom operators for violating a licence agreement. However, DoT continues to maintain that such pacts violate the licence agreement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
3G roaming pact to cause revenue loss to govt: DoT tells SC
TDSAT quashed a cumulative penalty worth Rs 1,200 crore imposed by DoT on the three telecom operators for violating a licence agreement. However, DoT continues to maintain that such pacts violate the licence agreement.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In a petition to the Supreme Court, the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) says Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) order allowing Idea , Vodafone and  Airtel to continue with 3G intra-circle roaming (ICR) pact in areas where not all of them owned 3G spectrum can cause huge revenue loss to the government or the exchequer.
TDSAT quashed a cumulative penalty worth Rs 1,200 crore imposed by DoT on the three telecom operators for violating a licence agreement. However, DoT continues to maintain that such pacts violate the licence agreement.
Upon winning the 3G spectrum in 2010 auction, the three telecom operators Airtel, Vodafone and Bharti signed the ICR pact, according to which Airtel had sought access to Vodafone's 3G network in four circles (Kolkata, Maharashtra, UP East and Haryana), while Vodafone sought the same in six 3G circles of Airtel (UP West, Bihar, Assam, Karnataka and North East) and seven circles of Idea Cellular (Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, UP West, Madhya Pradesh and Punjab). Idea is yet to launch 3G services in Punjab. Idea Cellular too bagged access to provide 3G services on Vodafone's network in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Delhi and Kolkata.
Airtel had won 3G spectrum rights in 13 of the 22 telecom circles, Vodafone won 9 and Idea Cellular bagged rights for 11 circles.
DoT first issued a notice to the three telecom players on December 23, 2011. It asked them to stop 3G intra-circle roaming within 24 hours, which was challenged by the telecom operators.
Two other telecom players -  Tata Teleservices and Aircel - too had signed 3G ICR pact. They, however, immediately cancelled their agreement after the DoT notice.
Idea Cellular stock price
On November 24, 2014, Idea Cellular closed at Rs 168.10, down Rs 4.1, or 2.38 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 183.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 125.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.13 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 27.42. The latest book value of the company is Rs 44.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.81.
RELATED NEWS

The daughter of Hong Kongs chief executive threatens to sue everyone for her Facebook rantsThe daughter of Hong Kong’s chief executive threatens to sue everyone for her Facebook rants
Written by
Adam Pasick @adampasick
October 10, 2014
A protester sits next to a defaced cut-out of Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung  while blocking a street outside the government headquarters.(Reuters/Carlos Barria)
SHARE
Adam Pasick @adampasick
October 10, 2014
Chai Yan Leung, the daughter of Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung, hasn’t been doing her embattled father any favors lately. She recently drew the ire of pro-democracy protesters by bragging on Facebook that her luxury purchases are “ funded by all you HK taxpayers .” Chai Yan quickly deleted her Facebook account after that rant went viral , but now the account is back (though the “all you HK taxpayers” post was deleted), and she is using it to threaten to sue every media outlet that reported on her social media foibles.
Share
Tap image to zoom
There is strong evidence that the Facebook account does in fact belong to Chai Yan Leung, and her family has publicly responded to controversial posts she has made there in the past. Quartz asked CY Leung’s office for confirmation of the account’s authenticity and was told in an email: “The Chief Executive’s Office has no comment on your enquiry.”
Chai Yan Leung, according to her Facebook profile, studied undergraduate-level law at the London School of Economics. And while her threats may sound somewhat overblown, Hong Kong law could actually be on her side, and against media outlets including The Daily Show with Jon Stewart:
Libel law in Hong Kong  (pdf), based on the UK legal system, favors plaintiffs much more in than the United States. Newspaper defendants being sued for defamation, for instance, need to prove that not only that what they’ve published about someone is true, but also that publishing the information was “for the public benefit.” Publishing information known to be false carries a two year prison term, and publishing an apology is one potential defense.
Recent judgments have been harsh on defendants. Earlier this year, a Hong Kong judge ruled that a tycoon’s defamation lawsuit against Google —for “autocomplete” search suggestions that linked him to organized crime—could proceed. And in 2012, the Hong Kong newspaper Oriental Daily was successfully sued for libel for anonymous comments left in one of its online forums.
As for Chai Yan Leung, a prominent Hong Kong journalist suggested that her woes could potentially serve as a good excuse for CY Leung if he ends up stepping down:
Here's my advice for CY: Step down, citing "family reasons" to take care of your daughter. I believe we all will understand and appreciate.
— George Chen (@george_chen) October 10, 2014
An earlier version of this post misspelled Chai Yan Leung’s name.
Share this:

Nissan launches new Terrano priced upto Rs 1...Nissan launches special edition Terrano priced upto Rs 13.13 lakh
By PTI | 10 Oct, 2014, 01.21PM IST
Tweet
This special version will come with a bundle of styling and convenience features, both on the exterior and interior front, Nissan India said in a statement.
NEW DELHI: Japanese carmaker Nissan today launched a special edition of its mid-sized sports utility vehicle Terrano priced up to Rs 13,13,725 (ex-showroom Delhi) to commemorate the vehicle's first anniversary in India.
This special version will come with a bundle of styling and convenience features, both on the exterior and interior front, Nissan India said in a statement.
"This limited 'Anniversary Edition' is an invitation to our customers to celebrate Terrano's success. We are sure that these exclusive touches will excite our customers and make their Terrano experience even better," Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said.
The vehicle would be available in two trims, priced at Rs 12,83,645 and Rs 13,13,725 (ex-showroom Delhi). The company said only 450 units of the anniversary edition would be sold across the country.

Decline in firing  Nawaz Sharif says uphold sanctity of borderAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

Cyclone Hudhud named by Oman after Israel s national birdOct 10, 2014 at  01:40pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud named by Oman after Israel's national bird
44
7
The cyclone that is headed towards the Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coast along the Bay of Bengal is named 'Hudhud'. Hudhud has been named after the national bird of Israel. The name was suggested by Oman.
The next cyclone in the region will be called Nilofar by Pakistan. The practice of naming tropical cyclones began years ago in order to help in the quick identification of storms in warning messages because names are presumed to be far easier to remember than the numbers and technical terms. Many agree that appending names to storms makes it easier for the media to report on tropical cyclones, heightens interest in warnings and increases community preparedness.
Experience shows that the use of short, distinctive names in written as well as spoken communications is quicker.
Experience shows that the use of short, distinctive names in written as well as spoken communications is quicker.
#cyclone #cyclone hudhud #cyclone in odisha #cyclone in andhra pradesh
In the beginning, storms were named arbitrarily. Then the mid-1900's saw the start of the practice of using feminine names for storms. In the pursuit of a more organized and efficient naming system, meteorologists later decided to identify storms using names from a list arranged alphabetically.
Thus, a storm with a name which begins with A, like Anne, would be the first storm to occur in the year. Before the end of 1900's, forecasters started using male names for those forming in the Southern Hemisphere. Since 1953, Atlantic tropical storms have been named from lists originated by the National Hurricane Center. They are now maintained and updated by an international committee of the World Meteorological Organization.
It is important to note that tropical cyclones /hurricanes are named neither after any particular person, nor with any preference in alphabetical sequence. The tropical cyclone/hurricane names selected are those that are familiar to the people in each region. Obviously, the main purpose of naming a tropical cyclone/hurricane is basically for people easily to understand and remember the tropical cyclone/hurricane in a region, thus to facilitate tropical cyclone/hurricane disaster risk awareness, preparedness, management and reduction.
In general, tropical cyclones are named according to the rules at a regional level. The World Meteorological Organization/Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific Panel (WMO/ESCAP Panel) on Tropical Cyclones at its twenty-seventh Session held in 2000 in Muscat, Sultanate of Oman agreed in principal to assign names to the tropical cyclones in the Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea. After long deliberations among the member countries, the naming of the tropical cyclones over north Indian Ocean commenced from September 2004.
List of cyclone names in north Indian Ocean (names that have been already used from the list are highlighted in bold)
Onil (Bangladesh)

Sensex down 173 points; Tata Motors  Hindalco  Tata Steel skidSensex tumbles over 300 points as global growth worries spark sell-off
Agencies
Tweet
Oct 10:  
The Indian benchmark indices lost over 1 per cent on Friday due to sell-off in global equities on concerns about the global economy. The head of IMF warned that Euro Zone could slip into recession and this influenced investor sentiment.
The BSE Sensex fell 1.28 per cent or 339 points to 26,297 while the NSE Nifty lost 1.26 per cent or 100.60 points to 7,860.
A weak trend on other Asian markets following overnight sell-off in the US markets also triggered selling by participants.
The 30-share barometer had gained 390.49 points in the previous session.
Barring IT and TECK, all the sectoral indices finished in negative zone. Metal index (-4%) lost the most followed by Auto (-2.56%), Bankex (-1.78%) and Capital Goods (-1.46%).
Tata Motors (-4.77%), Hindalco (-4.66%), SSLT (-4.2%) and Tata Steel (-4.16%) were the top losers in the Sensex 30.
Infosys’ shares soared 6.5 per cent to Rs 3,884 after the company reported its consolidated net profit rose by 28.6 per cent to Rs 3,096 crore in July-September 2014 quarter.
Global markets
European shares dropped on Friday, extending their recent pull-back and tracking steep losses in equities worldwide on mounting worries over the pace of global growth.
At 0740 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.6 per cent at 1,305.99 points, hitting a level not seen since early August. The benchmark index has tumbled 7.5 per cent since mid-September.
The sell-off comes on the back of weak data from Germany, Europe's biggest economy. On Thursday, data showed German exports in August fell the most since January 2009, and figures earlier in the week showed steep drops in industrial orders and output.
European markets were tracking a sell-off in equities globally, which saw major US stock indexes slide 2 per cent on Thursday on worries about the global growth outlook.
Asian shares shuddered and Brent crude oil prices tumbled to their lowest since 2010 on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that Europe's economic woes could drag down the global economy.
Many investors fear that the gradually recovery US economy - the world's largest, but comprising less than a quarter of the entire global economy - cannot escape unscathed as Europe stalls and other big economies, including China, Japan and Brazil, face their own hardships.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a fourth straight day on Friday, hitting a two-month low on concern about the global economy, and falling crude oil prices hurt oil shares. The Nikkei share average ended 1.2 per cent down at 15,300.55, the lowest closing since August 13. For the week, the benchmark dropped 2.6 per cent. Japanese markets are closed on Monday for a national holiday.
Hong Kong shares tumbled nearly 2 per cent on Friday on weakness in global equity markets plus jitters over a possible flare-up in pro-democracy protests in the city.
The Hang Seng Index dropped 1.9 per cent to 23,088.54 points.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Aban Offshore soars on Rs 1 100 crore ONGC ordersAban Offshore soars on Rs 1,100 crore ONGC orders
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 01:28 PM IST
Aban Offshore has soared 11% to Rs 630, bouncing back 15% from intra-day low on NSE, after the company said it has received orders worth of Rs 1,114 crore from state-owned oil exploration and production firm Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) for deployment of jack-up rig.
“Firm order from ONGC for the deployment of jack-up rig Aban IV for a period of 3 years. The total value of this firm order is approximately USD 91.33 million (equivalent to Rs 557 crore),” Aban Offshore said in a statement.
The company also received firm order from ONGC for the deployment of jack-up rig Aban III for a period of 3 years. The total value of this firm order is approximately USD 91.33 million (equivalent to Rs 557 crore), it added.
Both these contracts are expected to commence during the first quarter of calendar year 2015.
The stock opened at Rs 563 and touched a low of Rs 546 on NSE before the announcements. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 3.4 million shares changed hands so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Commodity-exposed currencies fall© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ebd6aba-5049-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bang Bang  becomes Hrithik Roshan s second highest grossing film with Rs 135.45 in Week 1Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' box office collections generate under Rs 8 cr on Day 8
FE Online , BollywoodHungamaNewsNetwork | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 12 2014, 09:27  IST
Oct 12 2014, 09:27  IST
 

Indovation Technologies inks term sheet to acquire Symetric LifeIndovation Technologies inks term sheet to acquire Symetric Life
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Indovation Technologies said it has inked a term sheet to acquire 100 per cent stake in Symetric Life Sciences Pvt Ltd, a Hyderabad-based pharma solutions & services company for Rs 15 crore.
Along with the stake, Indovation would also acquire three products – SyMetric used for clinical data management system (CDMS); Mindomatics used for computerised psychometrics tests and a pharma application likely to be rolled out by December 2014.
In an exchange filing, Indovation said another term sheet was also signed for acquiring 100 per cent in Hyderabad-based Sristek Clinical Research Solutions Ltd for Rs 10 crore.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Cyclone `Hudhud to make landfall near Vizag on Oct 12Cyclone `Hudhud’ to make landfall near Vizag on Oct 12
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 10:  
The cyclonic storm Hudhud lay centred around 530 km east-southeast of Visakhapatnam and 570 km south-southeast of Gopalpur on Friday afternoon. The National Disaster Relief Force (NDRF) got into action and deployed 11 teams along the coast in Andhra Pradesh from Srikakulam to Kakinada. It is predicted to make a landfall on Sunday forenoon, probably in the vicinity of Visakhapatnam.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has left instructions to minimise the loss of life and property to the extent possible. The district administration conducted a review meeting under the chairmanship of OSD Relief Aravind Kumar here on Friday morning. The meeting was attended by NDRF DIG SS Guleria apart from police, district administration and other officials.
"The focus is on prevention and every step will be taken to minimise damage. We are trying to convince the people to leave their homes and move to safer places, giving them an assurance that their properties will be fully protected," said Aravind Kumar.
The Cyclone Warning Centre here has said that extensive damage to kutcha houses, partial disruption of power and communication lines, minor disruption of rail and road traffic is possible and there is a potential threat from flying debris and flooding of escape routes. It has asked fishermen not to venture into the sea.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Sunanda report  inconclusive  say Delhi police  Swamy demands CBI probeComments
Delhi Police and several AIIMS doctors dismissed as inconclusive on Friday an autopsy report from the hospital that said Congress MP Shashi Tharoor’s wife Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning.
Commissioner of police BS Bassi also rejected suggestions that his department had been lax in collecting evidence and that the probe should be handed over to CBI, saying that the force was “competent” to handle the case.
“We still do not have a conclusive forensic report on the basis of which we can reach any conclusion. As far as police is concerned our inquest is pending,” Bassi said.
 
“We are still in the process of conducting inquest proceedings in the case as per initial medical analysis.”
 
Police sources said they were almost certain that the case was nearing a dead end and even if a fresh case was registered nothing would come of it.
 
Pushkar, a 52-year-old socialite and businesswoman, was found dead in her suite at a luxury hotel in south Delhi on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over the latter’s alleged affair with Tharoor.
Doctors at AIIMS, the same government institute where a three-member team carried out the fresh autopsy, said the panel should have consulted forensic labs accredited for medico-legal work if they suspected poisoning.
 
The AIIMS report was based the findings of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Pushkar’s viscera.
 
On Friday, HT reported that Delhi Police had been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following the new findings that pointed to the presence of poison in her viscera and also ruled that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her stomach was non-fatal.
 
But police said the new post-mortem report was “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture”.
“All this (new) report does is list human diseases and provide possible poisoning scenarios,” said an officer. “According to CFSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning. But which poison?”
 
The AIIMS report said poisons like thallium, polonium-210, nerium oleander, snake venom, photolabile poisons and heroin were either difficult or impossible to detect by Indian forensic labs, but one of the doctors in the institute’s forensic department rejected this.
 
"There is no question of not detecting these substances. If adequate sampling and clinical history is available then anything can be detected,” the doctor said.
 
The AIIMS toxicology laboratory was not certified by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) for medico-legal work and was only used for academic purposes, he added.
 
Dr Sudhir Gupta, who headed the three-member AIIMS panel, said, “Opinion has been given by the medical board. I cannot comment individually.”

US warns Ebola could become next AIDSUS warns Ebola could become next AIDS
AFP
Teresa Romero, 44, is "very ill and her life is at serious risk as a consequence of the virus," Madrid's regional president Ignacio Gonzalez told parliament.
She is the first person known to have been infected with Ebola outside Africa.
The United Nations chief meanwhile called for a 20-fold increase in the world's response to the spread of Ebola, which has killed nearly 3,900 people in West Africa since the beginning of the year.
Ebola's spillover into the United States and Europe has raised fears of a wider outbreak, and led the United States, Canada and Britain to start tougher airport screening of passengers arriving from West Africa.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention predicted the number of cases could mount to 1.4 million by January unless strong measures are taken to contain the disease, which is spread though close contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person.
"We have to work now so that it is not the world's next AIDS," CDC Director Tom Frieden told the heads of the United Nations, World Bank and International Monetary Fund gathered in Washington.
"I would say that in the 30 years I've been working in public health, the only thing like this has been AIDS," he added, warning of a "long fight" ahead.
Fate of Spanish nurse
Nurse Romero had treated two elderly missionaries with Ebola.
Health officials said they would monitor about 50 other people -- mostly health staff -- who had been in contact with her for the duration of the 21-day Ebola incubation period.
Thirteen other people are in quarantine at the hospital as a precaution, including Romero's husband and several health workers, according to the latest tally from the hospital.
Among those admitted on Thursday were two hairdressers who had contact with Romero.
One of Ebola's latest victims is Thomas Eric Duncan, the first patient cared for in the United States to die of the disease.
Duncan was the first person diagnosed of Ebola in the United States and the first to die in a US hospital of the hemorrhagic fever that has killed 3,900 in West Africa this year.
Just after his death was announced Wednesday, US officials ordered increased screening at five major airports in Atlanta, Chicago, New Jersey, New York and Washington.
French Health Minister Marisol Touraine said she was working with the authorities in countries badly affected by Ebola "to see in which conditions we can reinforce departure controls".
Britain said it would start "enhanced screening" of people coming from Ebola-hit parts of West Africa at Heathrow and Gatwick airports and on Eurostar trains from Belgium and France.
The European Commission was expected to meet on October 17 to discuss possible new ways to monitor passengers arriving from affected countries.
Watch: First Ebola infection outside West Africa
'Just take action'
Doses of a prototype Ebola vaccine developed by Canada remain in the country even though they were offered to the World Health Organization nearly two months ago, the health minister said Thursday.
"The WHO has not decided when and if it will distribute it," Health Minister Rona Ambrose said. "We hope they are able to use it."
The vaccine has not been tested on humans but has shown promise in animal research, Ambrose said in August.
It is one of two vaccines considered promising by the WHO for clinical trials ahead of commercialization.
The continuing outbreak in West Africa forced officials in Liberia -- the nation worst hit by the Ebola outbreak -- to postpone nationwide elections.
Almost three million voters had been due to go to polling stations on Tuesday, but organisers said there was no way a "mass movement, deployment and gathering of people" could go ahead without endangering lives.
In Guinea, global aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres said a surge of Ebola cases had pushed its treatment unit in the capital Conakry to its "physical limits".
Speaking to the UN, World Bank and IMF chiefs in Washington, Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma assailed the global response to the epidemic thus far, saying it was moving more slowly than the spread of the disease.
"This slower-than-the-virus response needs to change," he said.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said resources to support the fight must be increased 20-fold, and urged nations to act without delay.
"Cases are growing exponentially," Ban said. "Do not wait for consultation. Just take action."
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim admitted that the world was "behind the curve" in the fight against Ebola.
Eleven people in Australia have been tested for Ebola in recent weeks, but so far no cases have been detected,  officials there said Friday.

Board composition norms: SEBI to wield stick against all non-compliant cosMarket regulator will not distinguish between listed public sector and private boards, says Chairman Sinha
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Market regulator SEBI may not be sympathetic to listed public sector companies if the latter’s boards were found to be non-compliant with board composition norms, its Chairman, U K Sinha, has said.
“If there is a violation, we will be taking action whether it is a private board or public sector board,” Sinha told BusinessLine after inaugurating KPMG’s first edition of Improving Board Effectiveness’ programme here on Friday.
He was responding to a query on whether non-compliant public sector companies will get kid glove treatment from SEBI post the recent “spring cleaning” of their boards by the Modi Government.
In the wake of the recent exodus of many independent directors from several listed public sector boards, many such companies are staring at the prospect of non-compliance with clause 49 of the listing agreement.
Clause 49 spells out the board composition norms for listed entities, including the minimum number of independent directors that companies should have in their boards.
As many as 71 independent directors have reportedly stepped aside from various PSU boards after the new Government was voted to power on May 16.
As of end-March 2014, as many as 900 companies listed in BSE Ltd were found to be non-compliant with Clause 49, Sinha said at the KPMG event.
SEBI intends to look up and take action against both the company and its wholetime directors, besides the promoters of these entities, he added.
IFRS CONVERGENCE
Sinha said companies would be given enough time to move into International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) converged standards.
“Discussions are on. Both the Finance Ministry and the Corporate Affairs Ministry are keen about IFRS. It (IFRS) won’t be done in disruptive manner,” he later told presspersons.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in his maiden Budget speech announced that Indian companies will adopt IFRS converged standards from financial year 2016-17 and voluntarily from 2015-16.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Omans commerce minister to visit IndiaOman’s commerce minister to visit India
PTI
Tweet
Dubai, Oct 10:  
Oman’s Commerce and Industry Minister Ali Bin Masoud Al Sunaidy will lead a high-level business delegation to India to attend the India-Oman joint commission meeting, scheduled to be held in New Delhi later this month.
His visit will be preceded by a joint business council meeting on October 28 between Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry and APEX chambers.
India’s Ambassador to Oman J S Mukul said Al Sunaidy will be leading the business delegation to India on October 29.
Mukul said that India-Oman relations, which date back centuries, have evolved into a “strategic partnership” and “multi-faceted” cooperation in several areas.
“Trade flows are very strong. Last year, the bilateral trade reached U.S. $ 5.7 billion, showing an increase over the previous year’s trade. Likewise, investment flows between the two countries were robust and the forthcoming joint commission meeting and the joint business council will add a new dimension,” Mukul was quoted as saying by the Times of Oman.
He also said that a FICCI delegation will visit Oman later this month to participate in infrastructure exhibition ’Infra Oman 2014’
More than 200 local and international companies are expected to participate in Infra Oman.
According to the ambassador, a seminar on November 12 will provide a platform for interaction between Indian and Omani businessmen.
The new Indian government’s campaign to make India a global ‘manufacturing hub’ will also give a boost to trade ties, said Mukul.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Delhi High Court directs Chautala to surrender before jail authoritiestomorrowPrint
Chautala, serving sentence for his role in the teacher recruitment scam, was granted interim bail on medical
Press Trust of India Written by Aneesha Mathur , Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: October 11, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 11, 2014 5:14 am
Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala, who hit INLD’s campaign trail despite being given bail on health grounds, will have to return to Tihar jail on Saturday after a Delhi High Court order on Friday.
Observing that “majesty of the judicial system” had come under question due to his actions, the Delhi HC also banned the INLD leader from addressing any public meeting before his surrender.
Justice Siddharth Mridul came down heavily on 79-year-old Chautala in a packed courtroom, reminding him to “not abuse the faith reposed by the court” in him by allowing him to surrender on Saturday, and not Friday evening.
“I am pained and disappointed,” said the judge, adding that the court had allowed him to stay in the hospital due to his medical condition. He was earlier supposed to surrender on October 17.
On Thursday, the HC had issued notice to Chautala, asking him to appear before court on Friday after the CBI and a private lawyer had filed applications for cancellation of the bail granted to him on health grounds, and his immediate surrender. The High Court is hearing appeals filed by Chautala and 54 others against their conviction in the teachers’ recruitment scam of 2000.
After being released on interim bail on health grounds, he addressed several rallies for INLD. Chautala was sentenced to 10 years in prison by a CBI special court last year.
On Friday morning, the politician also appeared before a Special CBI court at Tis Hazari, where he is under trial in a disproportionate assets case. During the brief hearing in the court of judge Manu Rai Sethi, the CBI served the High Court notice to Chautala, claiming that he had “deliberately ignored” the attempts to serve him the notice.
Advocates Ram Jethmalani and Hariharan, who appeared on Chautala’s behalf in the Delhi High Court, said that since the bail order had not put any restrictions on the INLD leader, he should be allowed to surrender by Monday.
Chautala said that he had been “under the mistaken impression that there was no restriction” on him as the HC bail order had not mentioned any explicit condition.
He informed Justice Mridul that he was recovering from a fracture, but the judge did not provide him any relief and said the Tihar Jail authorities could examine him and take him to AIIMS, if required.
The court said that if jail authorities deem it necessary they may take him to AIIMS for medical treatment.
CBI, which had sought cancellation of Chautala’s bail, wanted him to surrender today itself.
 

Express LOL: Features we want to see in Mark Zuckerbergs Indian version ofFacebookPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:07 pm
Mark Zuckerberg just did a reverse Modi — came to India, charmed everyone, and made grand speeches. The one thing he didn’t do was announce a grand package for Non US Resident Facebookees.
If he had announced a special Indian version of FB, we’d expect to see the following features:

How investors can beat global heat Talk to ...how investors can beat global heat talk to ...
Infosys roars 7%; hits all-time high @ Rs 3908 | Sensex down 350 pointsInfosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Our jawans have shut Pakistan s mouth: ModiOct 10, 2014, 03.01 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Our jawans have shut Pakistan's mouth: Modi
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Our jawans have shut Pakistan's mouth: Modi
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
Post your opinion here
 
As firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally here.
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said. Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Silverm February contract slipsOct 10, 2014, 02.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silverm February contract slips
Silverm prices on MCX slipped. MCX Silverm February contract was trading at Rs 39159 down Rs 164, or 0.42 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silverm February contract slips
Silverm prices on MCX slipped. MCX Silverm February contract was trading at Rs 39159 down Rs 164, or 0.42 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 14:38 hrs MCX SILVERM November contract was trading at Rs 38473 down Rs 175, or 0.45 percent. The SILVERM rate touched an intraday high of Rs 38540 and an intraday low of Rs 38310. So far 10713 contracts have been traded. SILVERM prices have moved down Rs 11723, or 23.35 percent in the November series so far.
MCX SILVERM February contract was trading at Rs 39159 down Rs 164, or 0.42 percent. The SILVERM rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39240 and an intraday low of Rs 39009. So far 228 contracts have been traded. SILVERM prices have moved down Rs 4908, or 11.14 percent in the February series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Sesa  Hindustan Zinc fall; tracking weakness in parent VedantaSesa  Hindustan Zinc fall; tracking weakness in parent Vedanta
Vodafone not liable to pay further pricing tax: HCVodafone not liable to pay further pricing tax: HC
India s Kailash Satyarthi shares Peace Prize with Pakistan s MalalaIndia s Kailash Satyarthi shares Peace Prize with Pakistan s Malala
CBI investigator of high-profile murder cases passes awayCBI investigator of high-profile murder cases passes away
Gold falls 0.23% on weak global cuesGold falls 0.23% on weak global cues
Exit Reliance Comm at around Rs 118-120: Akshata Deshmukh02:00 pm
Akshata Deshmukh, Chief Strategist-Trading at Networth Stock Broking told CNBC-TV18, " Reliance Communications has been a complete disappointment, it has come down all the way from Rs 153 to about Rs 90-92. The inability of the management to pare down the high debt has been a drag on the company completely and that has been factored in the price accordingly."
"RComm can retrace at best in Rs 126 which is a 50 percent retracement level of this entire fall. So now that it is showing kind of a reversal on weekly charts is where there is some hope for revival from the current levels. So in the short-term I would be looking at level of Rs 118 in three-four months, so that is where one should ideally look at exiting," she added.
RELATED NEWS

Sell UCO Bank  HDIL: Kunal Saraogi02:30 pm
Kunal Saraogi, CEO of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "One can sell UCO Bank  for a target of Rs 77 with a stoploss at Rs 81. The other stock that I would go short on is Housing Development and Infrastructure  Ltd (HDIL) with a target at Rs 77 and stoploss at Rs 82.50.
UCO Bank's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 14.99 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 5.27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 110.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.71. The dividend yield of the company was 3.8 percent.
RELATED NEWS

There is a marked improvement in confidence: Deven ChokseyFurther improvement in Infosys' earnings growth seen: Deven Choksey
Tulemino Antao | Tulemino Antao Oct 10, 2014 03:17 PM IST
Deven Choksey, MD & CEO, K R Choksey Securities shares his view with Tulemino Antao post second quarter earnings from Infosys
What is your reading on second quarter earnings from Infosys and what key factors have been responsible for the same?
The second quarter earnings from Infosys has been encouraging because of growth in constant currency terms, dollar currency terms and also in rupee terms.
Infosys continues to remain conservative with single-digit revenue and dollar revenue growth guidance for the current fiscal. What is your view on this?
Further improvement in growth suggests that it could go into double digit eventually with the focus on deploying innovative platforms and technologies and along with that acquisition of product and businesses in the IT space would lead to higher inorganic growth.
The company has posted 100 basis point sequential expansion in its operating profit margin. Will the company able to sustain margin growth at the current pace going forward?
This has lot to do with the past where IT majors have been fighting for common businesses which Infosys refuses to take on because of the margin pressure. So they ended up maintaining the margins which compromised their growth. However, it could now change with focus shifting to innovative product and technologies.
Although the company had a huge cash pile on its books for long what is your opinion on the surprising announcement of an bonus issue?
There is a marked improvement in confidence as reflected from the corporate actions. Interim dividend along with a 1:1 bonus share issue suggests that the company wants to distribute more rewards to shareholders and in turn effectively passing on the cash they are holding in the balance sheet.
Further, will EPS come under pressure because of expanded equity post the bonus issue with recent reports of global growth slowdown since the company derives most its revenues from exports?
The bonus issue and eventual increase in equity reflects the confidence of the management under the newly appointed CEO and MD Vishal Sikka to deliver high growth, which will take care of equity expansion.
Utilisation rates have been very encouraging at around 82% (excluding trainees). On the other hand attrition rate has edged up to 20% during the quarter. What is your take on the same?
Utilisation has improved largely because of the new contracts that the company has signed up in the recent past. It has started improving the activities and hence the utilisation. As far as attrition is concerned it is mostly related to the recent past following an exodus of top management personnel which also led to resignations by lower management cadre.
Finally, valuations for Infosys have remained stagnant because of growth concerns in the past. However, with signs of earnings growth do you see re-rating of the stock going forward?
Infosys is quoting at a lower P/E whereas some of its peers are quoting much higher. Infosys is now available at attractive valuations. Should they return to higher growth valuations will be extremely rewarding to shareholders.
What is your take on the IT sector and what is your view on the broader market?
With signs of pick up in the demand environment for the IT sector most of the positives seem to have been priced in following gains in stock prices of IT majors.
Near term trend for the market will be dictated by global cues and a mild correction is likely with support for the Nifty seen at 7,800. However, any correction should be used as a buying opportunity to accumulate fundamentally sound stocks. Further, stock specific action will be seen post the earnings announcement.

Blood Moon enthrals Asia  Americas with spectacular viewUpdated: October 8, 2014 19:58 IST
Blood Moon enthrals Asia, Americas with spectacular view
AP
AP The Earth's shadow renders the moon during a total lunar eclipse over Milwaukee on Wednesday. The moon appears orange or red, the result of sunlight scattering off Earth's atmosphere.
VIDEO
science and technology
Evening viewers in much of Asia and early risers in parts of the Americas were treated to a stunning lunar eclipse on Wednesday, though clouds obscured it for some.
Lucky ones saw the moon turn orange or red in what is known as a “blood moon.” The hue results from sunlight scattering off Earth’s atmosphere.
At the Sydney Observatory in Australia, whoops of joy erupted as the moon made a brief appearance.
“Very spectacular,” Sydney Observatory astronomer Geoff Wyatt said. “The cloud certainly got in the way, but we’ve seen it during totality and of course that’s always the highlight to see that lovely, reddish-brown colour.”
In Australia’s capital, Canberra, Rachel Buckley watched the event from her driveway. “It looked small, but very, very clear and really orange, I thought blood orange,” she said. “It was quite exciting, pretty amazing to see because it’s not very often you get to see that.”
In Japan, clear skies turned partly cloudy as the eclipse progressed, but people who gathered on the rooftops of skyscrapers in Tokyo saw the moon turn a rusty brown when the clouds cleared.

Timely execution of govt policies will help market move towards sustainable rally: G Pradeepkumar  Union KBC MFMarkets
Timely execution of govt policies will help market move towards sustainable rally: G Pradeepkumar, Union KBC MF
Mithun Dasgupta | Published:  Oct 09 2014, 02:39  IST
Oct 09 2014, 02:39  IST
 

Gauri celebrates her birthday with special friendsCelebrity
Celebrities at Gauri's birthday bash
Gauri Khan's 44th birthday party was a private affair but it was sure celebrated in style with Bollywood celebrities in attendance.
Shah Rukh and Gauri's photo from the party was shared on social media
1 / 15
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Photo by Twitter/@SRKswarrior1
Thu 9 Oct, 2014 12:30 PM IST

India s IDFC Alternatives raises $902 mln for second infra fundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s GDP to pick up from 5.6% in FY15 to 7% in FY17:CitiOct 09, 2014, 08.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India's GDP to pick up from 5.6% in FY15 to 7% in FY17:Citi
According to the global financial services major, the Indian economy had faced high and sticky inflation between 2008-2013, around 50 percent depreciation in currency and elevated interest rates, but the "normalisation" process has begun.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's GDP to pick up from 5.6% in FY15 to 7% in FY17:Citi
According to the global financial services major, the Indian economy had faced high and sticky inflation between 2008-2013, around 50 percent depreciation in currency and elevated interest rates, but the "normalisation" process has begun.
Post your opinion here
 
India's growth rate is expected to improve to 7 percent by FY 2017, while inflation and current account deficit are likely to moderate in the coming years, a Citigroup report said.
According to the global financial services major, the Indian economy had faced high and sticky inflation between 2008-2013, around 50 percent depreciation in currency and
elevated interest rates, but the "normalisation" process has begun.
"From an undesirable mix of sub-par growth, high inflation, elevated twin deficits in FY 2013, India is now looking at a pick-up in growth, moderating inflation and a sharply lower current account deficit," Citigroup said in a research note.
While 2013 was the year of normalising the current account deficit, 2014 so far appears to be the year of taming inflation.
As per the quarterly GDP data released last month GDP growth accelerated to 5.7 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of FY 2015 compared to 4.6 percent in the fourth quarter of FY14 with encouraging trends seen across supply and demand side components.
The Citigroup report further noted that the recovery in growth numbers from 5.6 percent in FY15 to 7 percent in FY17 would be "gradual" and continued policy efforts are needed to meet the RBI's 6 percent CPI target by January 2016.
"India is largely a 'self- help' story, aided by the new political will coupled with an active central bank. While there is plenty of debate on pace and timing, we re-iterate our view that India is on its way back to 7 percent growth by FY17," the report said.
RELATED NEWS

Scientists use gold nanoparticles to study the stickiness of snotBy Rachel Feltman October 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
That's going to be one glittery sneeze. (bigstock)
Could this be the new gold standard in mucus appraisal? Researchers from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill have used tiny particles of gold to help measure the thickness of human secretions -- an important diagnostic for people with diseases, such as cystic fibrosis.
Healthy lungs are kept snot-free by cilia, which line our airways like little hairs. These cilia catch mucus and pull it out of the lungs and into the throat so we can breathe easily.
Some diseases like cystic fibrosis make mucus form too thickly for this mechanism to work. It can get trapped in the lungs, making breathing laborious -- and even causing infections. There are drugs that help to thin the mucus, but it's important to monitor their effectiveness.
These researchers, who will present their work at the 98th annual meeting of The Optical Society in Tuscon this month, used gold nanorods to check mucus thickness.
Gold nanorods were dropped into samples of mucus, which were then lit up with a laser. By analyzing the way the light bounced off these tiny gold pieces, the researchers could track how quickly they were moving through the mucus. The faster the nanorods spread through it, the thinner it was.
The method might even be used directly within the body, because the analysis worked even when mucus was sliding around on top of other cells. It's going to take at least five years for the researchers to undertake human testing, though -- they want to be sure that the particles will pass right through the body instead of lingering.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

India an amazing country with unlimited potential: Zuckerbergcomputing and information technology
Announces million dollar fund to start innovation challenge
For Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, India is more than just a big market. It is a test bed where he hopes to enable the development of tools and ideas that can be useful for the entire world.
To make this happen, Mr. Zuckerberg announced a million dollar fund to start an innovation challenge in India. The fund will be made available to developers of applications, websites and online services that improve lives of women, students, farmers and migrant workers.
“Because India has embraced science, research and development, benefits of bringing connectivity to India are going to be profound. When you bring Internet to India, you are empowering people to build tools that can really benefit the world,” he said.
Mr. Zuckerberg is also interested in bringing a while host of initiatives into India, including a scheme that will offer basic Internet services free of cost in collaboration with telecom operators and handset makers. This will allow people to browse selected health, employment and local information websites without data charges.
During his two-day visit, Mr. Zuckerberg will meet Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Mittal and Micromax founder Rahul Sharma to push this agenda.
“India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions, and Facebook is deeply committed to the country,” Mr. Zuckerberg said.
With 100 million users, India is now the second biggest market for Facebook after the U.S. But lack of Internet connectivity across the country is a major concern for the company’s future growth. Mr. Zuckerberg said that Facebook was experimenting with satellites and solar powered drones to make available cheaper Internet access to countries like India. “If you can do it successfully in India then you can do it anywhere else,” he said.
To meet Modi
Mr. Zuckerberg will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss how Facebook can help with the Digital India mission.
Facebook is also working with the government on using its platform to spread awareness about the Clean India drive. “Facebook is the biggest Internet service worldwide, and there are unique things where we can help out,” he said.

Banks fear rise of online competitorsOctober 10, 2014 1:31 am
Banks fear rise of online competitors
By Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce06f15a-4f90-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP silent on nepotism  dynasty politics as Swaraj s sister gets ticket for Haryana electionsOct 10, 2014 at  10:29am IST
BJP silent on nepotism, dynasty politics as Swaraj's sister gets ticket for Haryana elections
37
0
Ambala: After coming to power Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed to ensure that there is no dynatsy politics or nepotism within the Bharatiya Janata Party or his ministries. However, the forth coming Assembly elections in Haryana are bringing out a different picture altogether. It has also brought to the fore the BJP's double talk on nepotism.
Senior BJP leader and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj seems to have gone against the party's stand and the ticket for Safidon constituency has been given to her sister Vandana Sharma.
While PM Modi goes on lashing at Congress President Sonia Gandhi for her son-in-law Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana and promoting dynasty politics, the BJP says Vandana Sharma is not from Sushma Swaraj's family as she is now maried into a different family.
Senior BJP leader and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj seems to have gone against the party's stand and the ticket for Safidon constituency has been given to her sister Vandana Sharma.
#haryana #haryana ground report #ground report #haryana assembly elections 2014
When questioned about the party different stands on the family links of Priyanka Vadra and Vandana Sharms, Ambala BJP MLA Anil Viz said, "At least appreciate something about the BJP. Don't take everything negatively. While we have refused tickets to the relatives of many party leaders, Sushma's sister Vandana Sharma now happens to be from a different family as she is a married woman. So, this is not nepotism."
"As far as Priyanka is concerned, she herself potrays herself as the one who will take forward the legacy of the Congress," he said even as he struggled to justify the difference between the two cases.
When asked about the procedure of selecting the candidates, Viz said that it was a fair process adding, "There are secret ballots for local workers in the party, the results of which go to party seniors for their views. The Central Election Committee also takes feedback from its sources on the short-listed candidates and then a final decision is taken. No favourtism is followed in this procedure."
When questioned on the same, Karnal BJP MP Ashwini Kumar Chopra chose to remain silent and spoke just  two words "No comments".
19

Why half of new startups end up dying in the first year itselfNeed for sage counsel: Why half of new startups end up dying in the first year itself
Harsimran Julka & Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 04.18AM IST
(The ministry of corporate…)
If entrepreneurship is like a walk into the unknown, the right board of directors can serve as the guiding light—illuminating the path and sometimes suggesting alternatives. But in India, getting the right people to sit on the board is not easy with a severe talent crunch impacting the quality of directors— very few have had experience in setting up companies, building them and seeing them sold or shut. And the numbers reveal the situation. While the country sees about six startups emerge every week, about half of them end up dying in the first year, mostly due to the lack of an intelligent board that can guide or pivot the company.
A study by Microsoft Accelerator says 20% of those that survive are walking dead that eventually end up in the grave. The ministry of corporate affairs says that about 2.45 lakh directors were appointed on boards in India last year, up from 2.41 lakh directors a year before. However, most companies in India end up having either family or friends on their board for fear of loss of control.
"The biggest gap in boards of Indian startups is the absence of advisors who have been through the full cycle of a successful venture, all the way to exit," says Ravi Gururaj, chairman of Nasscom 10,000 Startups, and a director in companies such as Explara, MyNoticePeriod, Tuebora and Edge Networks. Gururaj advises startups to keep family out. "It complicates things too much," he added. Experts said members of boards should help on at least one of the 4Cs—coaching, customers, capital or co-founding the venture.
"A nicely composed board goes a long way in the survivability of a startup," says Rahul Khanna, managing director at Canaan Partners, who is involved as an observer on the board of companies such as AdNear, Loylty Rewardz and Naaptol. "A good board should always have an odd-number composition to prevent a deadlock which may be disastrous for a startup." Many startups which have raised Series A and B rounds or more, end up having only co-founders and investors on board. But experts advise that it's prudent to have independent directors, even though they are only mandatory for public limited companies.
"Young startup entrepreneurs may not have the experience of negotiating with investors or with suppliers. This is where a board member can step in," says Rohit Kakkar, founder and managing director of Eternus Capital, a boutique investment bank. Under the law, a private limited company can be formed in India with a minimum of two directors and a share capital of Rs 1 lakh. For this reason, most single founder companies end up adding family members to meet legal requirements. "An entrepreneur doesn't have a choice in such cases but the family member should be devolved of the shareholding as soon as possible, and an advisor, employee or investor should take his or her place" says Navin Rungta, CEO of eLagaan, a legal compliance consulting firm for startups based in Bangalore.
  As a rule of thumb, advisors and mentors are allotted a total equity of less than 5%. Rungta says that about 15% companies shut down because of nonresolution of differences between co-founders. There are further legal ramifications that startups could face as well, given that the role and responsibilities of directors under the new Companies Act, 2013 have changed significantly.
According to the Act, liability as an 'officerin-default' of a company now extends to nonexecutive directors as well. Furthermore, knowledge, in the context of such liability, can now be attributed through board process, a provision that emphasises the creation of a strong and diligent board. "In effect, a non-diligent approach towards notices and meeting agendas or cursorily signingoff minutes could lead to an implication of liability. Further, the absence of an overt objection to an illegal act or omission in the course of a meeting could also lead to liability," says Rajat Mukherjee, partner at Khaitan & Co, one of India's leading law firms, citing the Act.
In recent times, India has seen a large number of companies where boards have let go of co-founders or CEOs in cases of differences. Infosys-incubated value-added services firm OnMobile co-founder and CEO Arvind Rao was let go by the board after a KPMG audit revealed corporate governance weaknesses in the firm. To maintain corporate governance, a few Indian startups such as GreenDust have started maintaining a board of advisors besides a board of directors. Its board of directors has the founder CEO as well members from Lightbox Ventures and Vertex Venture Management. However, the board of advisors include people like Mahendra Swarup, former president of Indian Venture Capital Association and Charles Johnston, director of reverse logistics at The Home Depot.
"An empowered director can avert disasters by acting as a whistleblower," says Lalit Kumar, Partner at J Sagar Associates, a Gurgaon-based law firm. Kumar indicates that with the Lilliput Kids case, when a Bain Capital investor nominee on the board raised a voice to re-audit the company, just days after the company had approved a draft red herring prospectus for a public listing, the IPO was stalled.
For this reason, many young startups are allotting sweat equity of about 5% to have mentors on board early on. Bangalore-based Recruitment startup MyNoticePeriod, for instance, approached Ravi Gururaj, as its mentor. He later became an angel investor when the year-old company raised Rs 2 crore led by IDG Ventures, last month. "Board members could play multiple roles, while shepherding the company forward," says Kakkar of Eternus Capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We retain our  neutral  stand on Infosys: IIFL IndiaConference Call
(We would not want to change…)
In an interview with ET Now, Rajiv Mehta , EVP Research Analyst, IIFL India Private Clients, shares his views on Infosys results. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your take on Infosys and more importantly, does it seem like this is just a bout of short covering that we are seeing on the Infosys stock, is it going to fizzle out from here or is Infy a conviction buy at these levels?
Rajiv Mehta: This quarter was slightly better than our expectations on the growth front and as well as on the bottom line front. The fact that they have been able to retain their guidance in this quarter for the annual numbers clearly suggests that in the upcoming quarters, they are looking at a reasonable amount of growth coming in unlike the last year wherein in the second quarter they had a very good growth but subsequently in the next two quarters, we did see some softening of the growth.
What the guidance suggests is that even the second half is going to be reasonably good and more importantly, relatively better than last year. So, the numbers are reassuring but at the same time as far as our view is concerned considering the risk reward, we think that given the kind of run-up in the share price and especially today with these kind of numbers, incremental upside in the stock in the short to medium term seems to be limited. We would not want to change our neutral or a market performer rating on the stock unless we really find something exciting in the conference call from a strategic point of view.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Slumps Amid Global Selloff; Infosys Lifts SentimentsYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; Infosys Up 5%
NDTV | Updated On: October 10, 2014 11:09 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The BSE Sensex and Nifty opened with sharp cuts on Friday tracking the selloff in global equity markets. The selloff came in across the sectors.
High beta shares like banks and realty fell the most. The Bank Nifty fell 1.3 per cent while the realty index was down 1.8 per cent. Public lender, Punjab National Bank fell 2.5 per cent while ICICI Bank was down 1.6 per cent.
Foreign investors continued to be net sellers of Indian equities despite positive sentiments yesterday. FII have sold stocks worth Rs 21 crore in cash market yesterday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 624 crore.
Among the Nifty companies Hindalco fell the most, down 3 per cent after gaining over 6 per cent yesterday. Tata Steel and Cairn India were among the other losers in Nifty, down over 3 per cent each.
Infosys, India's second largest outsourcer gained over 5 per cent, which kick started the earning season today with better that estimated numbers for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2014-15 ( Read ). Infosys earnings turned positive for the entire IT sector. Investors were seen buying stocks in other IT companies as well. HCL Tech was up 2 per cent, while Tech Mahindra and Wipro were up around 1 per cent each.
Oil marketing companies like BPCL, HPCL and IOC all traded with over 1 per cent gains as the Brent crude fell below the $90 dollar a barrel mark for the first time in two years on concerns over weakening demand globally and oversupply from the US.
As of 9.32 a.m. Sensex was down 291 points at 26,346, while Nifty fell 1.14 per cent to 7,870. Out of the 50 companies in Nifty, 43 traded with losses while 7 shares were in green.
Asian markets traded with sharp cuts today. Japan's Nikkei traded 1 per cent lower. US markets sold off yesterday on lingering concerns about the strength of the global economy and its effect on corporate earnings. The S&P 500 index posted its largest percentage decline in six months (down 2.07 per cent). The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 1.97 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.02 per cent.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 11:07 (IST)

Firing de-escalates along IB | View: Why India can t give Pakistan a befitting replyfiring
(However, there was firing…)
JAMMU: After nine days of heavy firing and mortar shelling from across the border, firing de-escalated along the 192-km long International Border in Jammu frontier overnight.
Pakistan opened fire on just four border out posts in Kathua district as compared to firing on 60 border out posts along the International Border yesterday. There was no firing along the IB in Jammu and Samba districts.
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", BSF spokesman told PTI today.
However, there was firing by Pakistan along IB in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for 20 minutes from 2000 hours to 2020 hours involving four BSF BoPs, the spokesman said.
"There was no loss of life or damage", he said. The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 securitymen.
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 Border Out Posts (BoPs) and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
There has been over thee dozen ceasefire violations along IB since October one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bank of Japan September minutes shows concerns over exportsOct 10, 2014, 06.48 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Bank of Japan September minutes shows concerns over exports
Bank of Japan September minutes shows concerns over exports
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bank of Japan September minutes shows concerns over exports
Bank of Japan September minutes shows concerns over exports
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The Bank of Japan agreed that exports remained weak and a few of them were cautious about a sustainable rise in exports, the minutes of the bank's Sept. 3-4 policy meeting released Friday showed.
Despite sluggish exports and factory output, the nine-member board still believed that the positive domestic cycle from income to spending was in place in both the household and corporate sectors, and that Japan's economy was likely to "continue its moderate recovery trend," overcoming the drag from the April sales tax hike.
However, one member questioned whether the 2% sustained inflation target by 2015 was attainable and other board members suggested to more closely monitor inflation expectations.
Data released before the September meeting showed that industrial production rose only 0.2% on month as the sales tax hike continued to dampen domestic demand and overseas demand remained generally sluggish.
The BoJ board decided by a unanimous vote to leave the bank's policy target unchanged, as expected.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Why market experts are skeptical on Infosys stockdebt auction
(Sebi, in July, had tweaked…)
MUMBAI: Market regulator Sebi today said long-term FPIs such as sovereign wealth and foreign central bank can invest in government bonds having a minimum residual maturity of one year within USD 5 billion category.
"...all investments by long-term FPIs (sovereign wealth funds, multilateral agencies, endowment funds, insurance and pension funds and foreign central banks) in the USD 5 billion government debt limit shall continue to be made in government bonds having a minimum residual maturity of one year," Sebi said in a circular.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), in July, had tweaked the investment limits for Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) in government securities by increasing the threshold for general investors from USD 20 billion to USD 25 billion.
At the same time, it has reduced sub-limit for longer time FPIs such as sovereign funds by USD 5 billion as there was less demand in this category. The overall cap remain unchanged at USD 30 billion.
The previous cap of USD 10 billion had been utilised by only about 20 per cent in this category. The USD 20 billion limit for general FPIs has been always fully exhausted.
FPIs are allowed to invest in the USD 25 billion government debt limit till the overall investment reaches 90 per cent after which the auction mechanism can be initiated for allocation of the remaining limits.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
Earlier this year, the limit for long-term investors for investment in government securities was raised from USD 5 billion to USD 10 billion within the total limit of USD 30 billion available to them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infy s 1:1 bonus issue has more sentimental value rather than fundamental  say expertsAnalyst Recommendation
(Shares of Infosys have shot…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Infosys shot up over 6 per cent in a weak market on Friday as the company, in addition to reporting a strong Q2 PAT, rewarded shareholders with bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1. It also declared a dividend of Rs 30 per share.
A stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held has also been announced. The ratio of equity shares underlying the ADSs held by an American Depositary Receipt holder would remain unchanged.
The bonus issue of equity shares and ADSs will be subject to approval by the shareholders. The record date for the bonus issues of equity shares and ADSs will be announced in due course.
The company has been salting away its cash reserves for some time and the bonus issue has been long due, say analysts. However, the bonus issue is more of a sentimental than fundamental value. It will improve liquidity in the counter and sub-bonus issue, and it will increase retailer participation in the stock.
"The bonus issue will bring down the share value and make it easily accessible. Apart from that, there is not much to read into it. The equity is getting diluted and it is an indication that they can service liquidity going forward. It's a positive sign," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking .
"On valuation front, the stock is cheap at current valuations of 15.5xFY2016E earnings, at a 30 per cent discount to its peer like TCS, which we believe can narrow down once the growth picks up. Thus, we maintain our buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4,700," Nangra added.
According to Bhuvnesh Singh of Barclays Equity Research, the company still has US$5.5 billion in cash and "we would prefer a comprehensive capital allocation strategy from management," he said.
Barclays has maintained an 'overweight' rating with a price target of Rs 3,800. At 12:30 pm, the stock was at Rs 3,888, up 6.65 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 6.89 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 3,897.
Following is the history of bonus shares issue from Infosys:
(Source: www.infosys.com )
FEATURED ARTICLES

Seeing strong traction in automotive nos: Motherson SumiOct 10, 2014, 06.06 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Seeing strong traction in automotive nos: Motherson Sumi
Vivek Chaand Sehgal says there is no reason to be unduly concerned about the rupee versus the euro scenario considering that most of Motherson Sumi's manufacturing takes place in EU. At the most, there can be a minor translation loss, but that's about it
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Seeing strong traction in automotive nos: Motherson Sumi
Vivek Chaand Sehgal says there is no reason to be unduly concerned about the rupee versus the euro scenario considering that most of Motherson Sumi's manufacturing takes place in EU. At the most, there can be a minor translation loss, but that's about it
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
A recent Bank of America Merrill Lynch report unleashed concerns on auto ancillary company  Motherson Sumi when it saw increased downside risks to the company's FY15/16 forecast on the back of a sharp fall in stock prices of its peers across the US and Europe. It also pointed to a stronger rupee versus the euro leading to translation loss in the company's EU subsidiaries.
But Vivek Chaand Sehgal, Chairman, Samvardhana Motherson Group, rubbished the concerns, adding that there is no reason to be unduly concerned about the rupee versus the euro scenario considering that most of Motherson Sumi's manufacturing takes place in EU. At the most, there can be a minor translation loss, but that's about it, he adds.
Chaand says he is seeing strong traction on automotive numbers and across Europe, the only weak point has perhaps been Russia. He says in western Europe, numbers are up 3 percent year-on-year and up until August, it was up 5.8 percent, beating the US market which saw 5 percent growth.
Motherson Sumi is targeting ROCE at 40 percent this fiscal year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vivek Chaand Sehgal's interview with Anuj Singhal and Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: I am just reading a report from Merrill Lynch and they are saying that there is some reason to be concerned about the strong rupee versus euro and that could lead to some translational losses for your subsidiaries. Would those fears be genuine?
A: I do not know which report you are referring to. However, as far as Motherson Sumi is concerned we have no reason to be unduly concerned about the rupee versus the euro because our manufacturing and everything is taking place in that country per se. So, if there is anything it would only be a translation loss.
As far as the profitability of the subsidiaries and all these things are concerned, maybe you could see a translation loss which is negligible. We are always giving; we are true to our normal way of presentation. We always gave you the rupee term growth and the euro term growth and we are seeing growth everywhere. So, we don’t worry too much about translational loss coming up here and there somewhere.
Latha: Not withstanding the otherwise good performance of the stock, it is precisely at higher levels that people will worry whether more can be squeezed out and here the worry appears to be that similar stocks in the US and in the European Union are beginning to see pressure. That is probably because of the fairly deep slowdown that we are seeing in the European economy itself. Yesterday a couple of German economists were discussing near recessionary conditions in Germany and that was the only performing economy. So, is there something to worry about in terms of sales numbers for the quarter gone by and the one that we are in?
A: As far as we are concerned we are seeing strong traction as far as the automotive numbers are concerned. Europe as you know, the only weak point in Europe as far as the automotive is concerned is Russia where there was some kind of growth but then there are special reasons for that.
As far as Western Europe is concerned the numbers are up 3 percent year-on-year (YoY). Up till August the numbers are up 5.8 percent in Europe. I don’t know too much about economics and things like that but as far as the car numbers are concerned they are doing very well. In fact it has beaten the US market; the US market is growing at about 5 percent and Europeans are doing 5.8 percent and this must be taken into consideration that August is kind of a holiday month for Europe.
Keeping that in mind the numbers are quite good and solid but it is a matured area. In our case we are more supplying to the German carmakers and things like that. If you look at it, the weakening of euro helps the sales of the cars that much more and that is exactly what we are seeing.
Anuj: The interesting bit about your company is that even a 1-2 percent uptick in margins can lead to significant re-rating in EPS. Case in point was Q1 when margins went up from 6 percent to 8.6 percent and the profit jumped 2.2 times despite just an 18 percent revenue growth. From hereon what kind of margin trajectory do you expect?
A: We always give you guidance on ROCE and the reason why we don’t get too much into quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) is because as a company which is very prudent and very conservative when we talk through our numbers we expense out our R&D, any expenditure that is there we write it off. So, that can definitely show you a little bit of a margin up and down little bit on the QoQ.
However, on a YoY if you see Motherson is one company which will definitely do better because the improvement that have been done in SMP and SMR and Motherson Sumi and all these things you will find that they are sustainable; they are things that are there. However, we are opening up a lot of plants, new things happening and we would rather write-in on the face of it rather than pass it through our balance sheets and things like that.
Latha: You have an added advantage of lower commodity prices. While some of that will be taken away by the new factory startup costs even then are you going to end up with higher margins on an average for FY15?
A: I don’t give any guidance. I have just finished the quarter so I don’t want to get there. However, this is the fifth year of our five year plan. So, you can be rest assured that all of us working hard to make sure that we give all our investors a very good fifth year good news or whatever you want to say.
I think my teams are working very hard on that and all these particular things are auguring well. However, there are certain things that are in the global kind of a basket, you will have these ups and downs here and there. However, automotive is resilient to a great number of these things because what is happening is people are buying cars, there are exports that are taking place from Europe, now they are putting up new plants close to the US market because it is expanding so much. Same is happening in China, same is happening in India, so, there is an exuberance as far as the cars are concerned. The automotive market is surely showing that.
Latha: What is the prevailing guidance for the current year?
A: 40 percent ROCE is what we are going to target to hit. We have hit already 29.8 percent in the last quarter; let us see how close we get to 40 percent.
Motherson Sumi stock price
On November 24, 2014, Motherson Sumi Systems closed at Rs 439.40, up Rs 0.40, or 0.09 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 450.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 167.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 65.58. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.61 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 20.33.
RELATED NEWS

Infy s bonus issue sentimental than fundamental: Experts | TakeawaysAnalyst Recommendation
(Shares of Infosys have shot…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Infosys shot up over 6 per cent in a weak market on Friday as the company, in addition to reporting a strong Q2 PAT, rewarded shareholders with bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1. It also declared a dividend of Rs 30 per share.
A stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held has also been announced. The ratio of equity shares underlying the ADSs held by an American Depositary Receipt holder would remain unchanged.
The bonus issue of equity shares and ADSs will be subject to approval by the shareholders. The record date for the bonus issues of equity shares and ADSs will be announced in due course.
The company has been salting away its cash reserves for some time and the bonus issue has been long due, say analysts. However, the bonus issue is more of a sentimental than fundamental value. It will improve liquidity in the counter and sub-bonus issue, and it will increase retailer participation in the stock.
"The bonus issue will bring down the share value and make it easily accessible. Apart from that, there is not much to read into it. The equity is getting diluted and it is an indication that they can service liquidity going forward. It's a positive sign," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking .
"On valuation front, the stock is cheap at current valuations of 15.5xFY2016E earnings, at a 30 per cent discount to its peer like TCS, which we believe can narrow down once the growth picks up. Thus, we maintain our buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 4,700," Nangra added.
According to Bhuvnesh Singh of Barclays Equity Research, the company still has US$5.5 billion in cash and "we would prefer a comprehensive capital allocation strategy from management," he said.
Barclays has maintained an 'overweight' rating with a price target of Rs 3,800. At 12:30 pm, the stock was at Rs 3,888, up 6.65 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 6.89 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 3,897.
Following is the history of bonus shares issue from Infosys:
(Source: www.infosys.com )
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex falls 173 points; metal  FMCG  auto dragSensex falls 173 points; metal  FMCG  auto drag
Youngest Nobel Prize winner Malala Yousafzai is idol to the world  outcast athomePrint
Reuters | Islamabad | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:30 pm
Malala Yousafzai, who won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, is hailed around the world as a champion of women’s rights who stood up bravely against the Taliban to defend her beliefs.
But in her deeply conservative homeland, many view her with suspicion as an outcast or even as a Western creation aimed at damaging Pakistan’s image abroad.
Malala, now aged 17, became globally known in 2012 when Taliban gunmen almost killed her for her passionate advocacy of women’s right to education.
She has since become a symbol of defiance in the fight against militants operating in Pashtun tribal areas in northwest Pakistan — a region where women are expected to keep their opinions to themselves and stay at home.
“The terrorists thought that they would change our aims and stop our ambitions but nothing changed in my life except this: Weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage was born,” she told the United Nations last year.
“I do not even hate the Talib who shot me. Even if there is a gun in my hand and he stands in front of me. I would not shoot him,” she said in a speech which captivated the world.
Malala has also won the European Union’s human rights award and was one of the favourites to win the Nobel Prize last year.
Now based in Britain, she is unable to return to her homeland because of Taliban threats to kill her and her family members. The current Taliban chief, Mullah Fazlullah, was the one who ordered the 2012 attack against her.
Yousafzai has enrolled in a school in Birmingham and become a global campaigner for women’s right to education and other human rights issues, taking up issues such as the situation in Syria and Nigieria.
In her native Swat valley, however, many people view Malala — backed by a supportive family and a doting father who inspired her to keep up with her campaign — with a mixture of suspicion, fear and jealousy.
At the time of her Nobel nomination last year, social media sites were brimming with insulting messages. “We hate Malala Yousafzai, a CIA agent,” said one Facebook page.
She was a young student in the Swati town of Mingora in Pakistan’s northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province when she became interested in women’s rights.
At the time, the Taliban were in power in the strategic valley after they took control over the region and imposed strict Islamic rules, including their opposition to women’s education.
She wrote an anonymous blog describing her life under the Taliban controlled the region. In October 2012, after the Taliban were pushed out of Swat by the Pakistani army, she was shot in the head on her way to school by a Taliban gunman.
She survived after being airlifted to Britain for treatment and recovered from her life-threatening wounds.
“The wise saying, ‘The pen is mightier than sword’ was true. The extremists are afraid of books and pens,” she told the continued…

Vodafone not liable to pay further pricing t...Anuradha Dutt
(The Bombay High Court Friday…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court Friday said Vodafone India was not liable to pay further transfer pricing tax that the taxman had imposed in addition to the long pending withholding tax.
Anuradha Dutt , Vodafone's counsel said that the total tax penalty that Vodafone had challenged including principal and interest accumulated since the demand was raised comes to Rs 3,000 crore.
The taxman sought to get tax from Vodafone India, which it said had received fund infusion from the UK-based parent at a discounted share premium. As a result the tax department said Vodafone Plc paid less to get more shares in Vodafone India, entitling the authority to collect more tax.
The judgement however explains that since the share premium is not taxable, a shortfall in premium cannot be either, said Dutt. "I hope the decision will not be challenged (in Supreme Court ) because this is an opportunity for the government to show the investors that it is not upholding what is called tax terrorism," she added.
The case holds a bearing on other similar cases including a Rs 10,000 crore case on Shell India, Essar group , and Havells .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys jumps 7%  Q2 earnings beat brokerages estimatesOct 10, 2014, 02.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys jumps 7%, Q2 earnings beat brokerages estimates
Post results, JPMorgan maintains its overweight rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,900 while Deutsche Bank retains hold rating.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys jumps 7%, Q2 earnings beat brokerages estimates
Post results, JPMorgan maintains its overweight rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,900 while Deutsche Bank retains hold rating.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors gave thumbs up to Vishal Sikka’s first quarter as  Infosys CEO, taking share price to record high of Rs 3,908.60 Friday, up 7.2 percent. The software services exporter reported better-than-expected earnings on every front in July-September quarter. Post results, JPMorgan maintains its overweight rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,900 while Deutsche Bank retains hold rating.
Infosys delivered 3.1 percent growth (Q-o-Q) in dollar revenues at Rs 2,201 million as against estimates of 2.9 percent growth, maintaining full year (FY15) dollar revenue growth guidance at 7-9 percent.
Rupee revenue rose by 4.5 percent sequentially to Rs 13,342 crore driven by volume growth and profit grew by 7.3 percent to Rs 3,096 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 as against forecast of Rs 13,307 crore and Rs 2,985 crore, respectively.
Volumes increased 3 percent Q-o-Q as offshore volumes increased 3.8 percent Q-o-Q while onsite volumes were up 1.1 percent. Realisations increased 0.6 percent Q-o-Q in constant-currency terms as onsite realisations were up 2.6 percent Q-o-Q.
Infosys also beat on margin front. Operating profit margin expanded by 96 basis points Q-o-Q to 26.1 percent partly driven by rupee depreciation as against expectations of 25.6 percent.
Sikka, who officially joined Infosys on June 12, expects operating margin to be around 25 percent in FY15.
Brokerage house JPMorgan believes it is appropriate to monitor the leading indicators of improvement than revenue recovery itself. In this context, it see the leading indicators of improvement at Infosys reflected in declining attrition, increased net hiring, sales & marketing investments, and improvement in client progression metrics.
Net addition of 4,126 employees is the highest in the last 10 quarters, quarterly annualised attrition moderated Q-o-Q slightly from 26.5 percent to 25.1 percent.
According to the brokerage, growth is more diversified and not lop-sided. Both bread-and-butter services and consulting, package implementation report healthy growth. Application development, application maintenance and inframanagement within the bread-and-butter segments did well growing 5.1 percent, 4.3 percent and 3.2 percent Q-o-Q respectively, while consulting & system integration revenues also increased 3.5 percent Q-o-Q," it explained.
Infosys is currently trading at just 6-7 percent premium to MSCI India, which JPMorgan believes is still attractive.
Meanwhile, Deutsche Bank says while results are directionally positive, the company still continues to lag peers on revenue growth and attrition at 20 percent remains higher than peers.
The software services exporter declared a bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 and the same will be applicable to ADR shareholders as well. It also announced interim dividend of Rs 30 per share, higher than estimates of Rs 25 per share.
At 11:30 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,860, up Rs 214.45, or 5.88 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

India s Kailash Satyarthi  Pakistan s Malala Yousafzai joint winners of 2014 Nobel Peace PrizeOct 11, 2014 at  07:32am IST
India's Kailash Satyarthi, Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai joint winners of 2014 Nobel Peace Prize
64
13
Oslo: The Norwegian Nobel Committee has awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 to India's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai "for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education."
"Children must go to school and not be financially exploited. In the poor countries of the world, 60 per cent of the present population is under 25 years of age. It is a prerequisite for peaceful global development that the rights of children and young people be respected.  In conflict-ridden areas in particular, the violation of children leads to the continuation of violence from generation to generation," the Norwegian Nobel Committee opined.
Kailash Satyarthi has been declared as the Nobel prize recipient for showing great personal courage. The committee said that Satyarthi maintained Mahatma Gandhi's tradition, has headed various forms of protests and demonstrations, all peaceful, focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain. "He has also contributed to the development of important international conventions on children's rights," the committee said.
Satyarthi and Yousafzai have been awarded for their struggle against suppression and for the rights of children.
#malala yousafzai #nobel peace prize #nobel prize #kailash satyarthi
On the other hand, Malala Yousafzai has been awarded for having fought for several years for the right of girls to education, and showing by example that children and young people, too, can contribute to improving their own situations. "This she has done under the most dangerous circumstances. Through her heroic struggle she has become a leading spokesperson for girls' rights to education," the committee said.
The Nobel Committee also said that it is an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism. "Many other individuals and institutions in the international community have also contributed. It has been calculated that there are 168 million child labourers around the world today. In 2000 the figure was 78 million higher.  The world has come closer to the goal of eliminating child labour," the committee said.
"The struggle against suppression and for the rights of children and adolescents contributes to the realization of the "fraternity between nations" that Alfred Nobel mentions in his will as one of the criteria for the Nobel Peace Prize," the committee said.
1439

Mulayam Singh Yadav exhorts to maintain harmony in wake of border tensionOct 10, 2014 at 02:35pm IST
Mulayam Singh Yadav exhorts to maintain harmony in wake of border tension
3
0
Lucknow: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday warned that some "forces" might take advantage of the border crisis between India and Pakistan and said it must not affect communal harmony and brotherhood in the country.
Addressing the open session on the last day of the three-day SP's national convention, Mulayam appealed workers, specially youths, to continue to struggle against injustice and atrocities which he said was the real identity of the party.
"A big conspiracy is being hatched to damage communal harmony in the country. We have information that some forces will try to take political advantage of shelling on the border and create a view about minorities, but you should remain alert. Don't allow them to damage this harmony and brotherhood in any manner," he said.
"There should be no reaction in the country or between yourselves due to this. This you must keep in mind," Mulayam added.
#lucknow #mulayam singh yadav #uttar pradesh #samajwadi part
"There should be no reaction in the country or between yourselves due to this. This you must keep in mind," he added.
"How much shelling Pakistan does, but it can never match our force, which is grand and has got a fighting instinct," he added.
Mulayam appealed the workers that even though in power they must continue to struggle against injustice and atrocities.
"The party has reached this position after fighting for the farmers, poor and against inequality. Fight against injustice as it will create a faith among people that SP won't tolerate it. You have to go with this message," he said.
He said that the youths have big responsibility of taking the party forward and to strengthen it.
"You should take the SP movement forward on the basis of its ideology and policies. We have done a lot of struggle and will continue to do so, but you have to support the party," he said.
Pointing towards an "uneasiness" among youths, he said the Chief Minister should look into it.
Talking about the Mandal Commission report on backward community, the SP supremo said, "It was true that backwards were not getting full benefit of the recommendation of Mandal commission report. We have to go between them and make them understand that they should not get disappointed. We have to talk to the Centre and the state government has to take an initiative."
1

Degree in one year for your good careerDegree in one year for your good career
PM Narendra Modi directs compensation for those displaced by PakfiringPrint
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to one of the worst violations by Pakistan since October 1. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:32 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:38 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday directed that people displaced from border areas of Jammu and Kashmir because of Pakistani shelling should be suitably compensated.
The details of compensation would be announced in “due course,” a PMO statement said in New Delhi.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed that people who have been displaced from the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to dastardly acts of shelling by Pakistan over the last few days, be suitably compensated,” the statement said.
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to one of the worst violations of the 2003 ceasefire by Pakistan since October 1.
Pakistani troops targeted over 130 villages and 60 Border Out Posts on the intervening night of October 8 and 9 in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
Under fire from the opposition over escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan, Modi had on Thursday said India has responded to the aggression with courage and lamented public debate on the issue for political gains.
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage,” Modi said at an election rally in Maharashtra.
On Wednesday, responding to questions from reporters on border situation, Modi had said “everything will be fine soon.”

Who is Nobel Peace Prize winner KailashSatyarthiPrint
Kailash Satyarthi has been the subject of a number of documentaries, television series, talk shows, advocacy and awareness films. (Source: Twitter)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:24 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 4:34 pm
Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to dedicate himself to protecting and advancing child rights for over three decades now, freeing 80,000 child labourers and giving them new hope in life.
It is largely due to his doggedness and zeal that NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan has emerged as by far the most prominent child rights group in the country even as 60-year-old Satyarthi rose to become a global voice for the children’s cause.
He has passionately argued that child trafficking and labour perpetuate poverty, unemployment, illiteracy and population growth.
From the factories exploiting children in the country’s biggest cities like Delhi and Mumbai to the hinterland of Odisha and Jharkhand where children are still illegally employed as bonded labourers, his organisation has rescued them in almost all parts of country.
He has advocated for stricter laws against child trafficking and labour and met with mixed success so far.
While growing up, Satyarthi has said he was concerned about the plight of child labourers around him and it finally prompted him to start an organised movement.
His early attempts to raid factories employing child labourers met with hostile reaction from the factory owners and at times the police but the significance of his work was slowly recognised.
He also played an important role in the movement for Right to Education law for free compulsory education to children.
Several prestigious awards have been conferred on him, including Defenders of Democracy Award (2009-US), Medal of the Italian Senate (2007-Italy), Robert F Kennedy International Human Rights Award (USA) and Fredric Ebert International Human Rights Award (Germany) etc.
He created the Global March Against Child Labour, a movement that is active in many countries. He is also credited with establishing Rugmark, now known as Good Weave, in 1994.
It is a kind of social certification for child labour free carpets in South Asia.
Satyarthi has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize many times in the past for his his relentless crusade for defending child rights
Satyarthi is the first India-born person to have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and the seventh Indian Nobel laureate. Mother Teresa, who was born in Albania, was the first Indian Nobel peace prize winner. She was honoured in 1979.

Delhi HC directs Chautala to surrender before jail authoritiestomorrowPrint
Chautala, serving sentence for his role in the teacher recruitment scam, was granted interim bail on medical
Press Trust of India Written by Aneesha Mathur , Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: October 11, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: October 11, 2014 5:14 am
Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala, who hit INLD’s campaign trail despite being given bail on health grounds, will have to return to Tihar jail on Saturday after a Delhi High Court order on Friday.
Observing that “majesty of the judicial system” had come under question due to his actions, the Delhi HC also banned the INLD leader from addressing any public meeting before his surrender.
Justice Siddharth Mridul came down heavily on 79-year-old Chautala in a packed courtroom, reminding him to “not abuse the faith reposed by the court” in him by allowing him to surrender on Saturday, and not Friday evening.
“I am pained and disappointed,” said the judge, adding that the court had allowed him to stay in the hospital due to his medical condition. He was earlier supposed to surrender on October 17.
On Thursday, the HC had issued notice to Chautala, asking him to appear before court on Friday after the CBI and a private lawyer had filed applications for cancellation of the bail granted to him on health grounds, and his immediate surrender. The High Court is hearing appeals filed by Chautala and 54 others against their conviction in the teachers’ recruitment scam of 2000.
After being released on interim bail on health grounds, he addressed several rallies for INLD. Chautala was sentenced to 10 years in prison by a CBI special court last year.
On Friday morning, the politician also appeared before a Special CBI court at Tis Hazari, where he is under trial in a disproportionate assets case. During the brief hearing in the court of judge Manu Rai Sethi, the CBI served the High Court notice to Chautala, claiming that he had “deliberately ignored” the attempts to serve him the notice.
Advocates Ram Jethmalani and Hariharan, who appeared on Chautala’s behalf in the Delhi High Court, said that since the bail order had not put any restrictions on the INLD leader, he should be allowed to surrender by Monday.
Chautala said that he had been “under the mistaken impression that there was no restriction” on him as the HC bail order had not mentioned any explicit condition.
He informed Justice Mridul that he was recovering from a fracture, but the judge did not provide him any relief and said the Tihar Jail authorities could examine him and take him to AIIMS, if required.
The court said that if jail authorities deem it necessary they may take him to AIIMS for medical treatment.
CBI, which had sought cancellation of Chautala’s bail, wanted him to surrender today itself.
 

Global cues making Sensex move  and FIIs are getting bearish: A worryGlobal cues making Sensex move, and FIIs getting bearish: A worry?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.01PM IST
(FIIs, which were largely…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which were largely responsible for over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, have become net sellers of Indian equities in the last ten trading sessions.
As per provisional data, FIIs have sold net of Rs -6157.49 crore in the last ten trading sessions, while DIIs or domestic institutional investors remain net buyers with investments to the tune of Rs 4670.19 crore.
In line with other Asian as well as European markets, the Indian markets are also facing global jitters, which most analysts think are more of a short-term phenomenon and the broader trend remains on the upside.
Signs of recession in Europe, slowdown in China and uncertainty over the US Federal Reserve interest rate hike kept global investors on the edge over the past couple of weeks.
");document.close();})();' frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="110">
"We have got a bunch of things going, but the fact is we have got a significantly improved macro like Brent has cracked 90 and is now potentially heading lower," said Gautam Trivedi, MD &Head Equities, Religare Capital Markets.
"You have got an improving inflation situation, and overall macro data is significantly better now than it was at the same time last year. So, this is a consolidation phase and after a pause, the market will actually start trending higher again," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends day 339 pts down; Nifty @ 7859Infosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Free Wifi spots launched in Hitech cityUpdated: October 10, 2014 23:09 IST
Free Wifi spots launched in Hitech city
Yunus Y. Lasania
The Hindu Telangana Minister for IT and Panchayat Raj, K. T. Rama Rao. File photo
TOPICS
computing and information technology
Net lovers in the city can surf free now with the Government launching ‘Public Wi-fi’ in association with Bharti Airtel at 17 spots in the Hitech city area.
Launching the initiative, Minister for IT and Panchayat Raj, K. T. Rama Rao said that any citizen with a valid mobile number can access the internet on their Wi-fi enabled devices. “In the coming four to five months, the entire State capital will be Wi-Fi enabled. It is an effort to promote greater digital inclusion for the citizens of Hyderabad,” said Mr. Rao at a press conference here on Friday.
The 17 Wi-Fi locations have been set up between the Cyber Towers - Madhapur Police Station area, the Cyber Towers - Kothaguda junction area, and the Cyber Towers – Raheja Mindspace Circle areas. After selecting the public Wi-Fi network, a one time password (OTP) password will be sent to the mobile user, who can enjoy internet services of up to 750 mega bytes (MB) per day.
Mr. Rao also said that it is important to provide a platform to citizens with e-commerce solutions. “Like e-commerce, there is also e-governance and Government wants to promote it. We should develop facility wherein through any e-Seva or Mee-Seva centres a person who wants to get any certificate should be able to attain it with his phone,” he said.
Mr. Venkatesh Vijayraghavan, Chief Executive Officer, Bharti-Airtel, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, was also present at the event.

Alibaba sparks hope for Asia e-commerce firmsOct 10, 2014, 03.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Alibaba sparks hope for Asia e-commerce firms
Hong Kong-based online retailer eCargo, for instance, believes the euphoria surrounding Alibaba`s record initial public offering (IPO) is positive for its upcoming listing in Australia.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alibaba sparks hope for Asia e-commerce firms
Hong Kong-based online retailer eCargo, for instance, believes the euphoria surrounding Alibaba`s record initial public offering (IPO) is positive for its upcoming listing in Australia.
Post your opinion here
 
Alibaba `s blockbuster trading debut in the US last month generated a sense of optimism among Asia`s e-commerce players, who believe that the Chinese behemoth`s success bodes well for them.
Hong Kong-based online retailer eCargo, for instance, believes the euphoria surrounding Alibaba`s record initial public offering (IPO) is positive for its upcoming listing in Australia.
"We believe that Alibaba and Jack Ma are great ambassadors for the e-commerce market in China. I think they did very well in telling the story of China`s e-commerce and most importantly, draw the picture where we are headed for the coming years," CEO Christopher Lau told CNBC Asia`s " Street Signs " on Tuesday.
eCargo hopes to raise up to USD 35 million (approximately 40 million Australian dollars) through the IPO, which values the firm at USD 198 million. The company has teamed up with international retailers including Australian department store Myer and British fashion label Karen Millen in the past, and believes that it offers an alternative choice for investors keen to buy into the mainland`s booming e-commerce market.
"Alibaba has developed a great market online but what that market supplies is a handful of international brands and quality products. We are looking to bring more international brands into China [and] we feel this is a huge opportunity as Chinese consumers switch towards higher quality products and better brands," Lau said.
Beyond China
Major e-commerce companies across Asia also read the results of Alibaba`s IPO as an indication of investor confidence in the sector.
"The Alibaba IPO validates [the argument that] there is a large opportunity in Asia`s emerging markets for e-commerce," said Sachin Bansal, co-founder and CEO of Indian e-retailer Flipkart. "It`s a great example and very motivational for us."
Malaysia`s e-payment services giant, MOL Global, was also banking on the Alibaba-induced euphoria as it debut on the Nasdaq Composite on Thursday (October 9). It will be the first Malaysia-based firm to list on a US exchange in over 10 years; the float has generated positive response with its book covered after first day of bookbuilding.
The company, which is majority-owned by Malaysian billionaire Vincent Tan, raised USD 263 million by offering 13.5 million shares at USD 12.50 - the low end of price range.
However, shares of the Malaysian online payment provider closed down over 4 percent at USD 8.14.
"US investors are interested in MOL because of its leading position in the under-penetrated Southeast Asian markets, high growth rate and profitability," Kathleen Smith, IPO ETF manager at Renaissance Capital, told CNBC via email.
"However, they also took issue with the valuation that bakes in higher than average growth forecasts and the poor trading of its peers [like] Qiwi  Xoom  and Qihoo 360 over the past month. Despite the success of Alibaba`s IPO, investors are still very selective about the quality of the company and its valuation," Smith added.
Cautious view
Some people may be overestimating the extent to which Alibaba`s record IPO will benefit its e-commerce peers, said Jeff Dorr, equity analyst at J Capital Research.
"Alibaba`s stock performance will probably be examined as a point of reference during the IPO for these e-commerce listings, but ultimately, in the long run, the stock performance of each company is going to depend on their individual profits," Dorr said.
Investors have to question how similar these other businesses are to Alibaba, he added: "Do they hold inventory, do they control their own payment system and what is the market penetration of their e-commerce in these countries."
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Muthoot Finance: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 03.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Muthoot Finance: Updates on outcome of AGM
Muthoot Finance Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Muthoot Finance: Updates on outcome of AGM
Muthoot Finance Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Muthoot Finance Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 17th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE

Stock correction This technical level may be keystock correction this technical level may be key
This is how much Europeans think they should be paid for their personal dataLeo Mirani @lmirani
October 10, 2014
Internet users have by now come to accept the common transaction of trading personal data for free services, and companies around the world are trying to figure out how to price the data they extract.
In Europe, at least, people seem to think they’re being ripped off. “There is a perceived imbalance within the data-sharing relationship, with two-thirds of consumers believing that organizations benefit the most from the sharing of data—just 6% think that the consumer benefits the most,” according to a recent report from Orange, a large telecoms firm that commissioned a survey to find out how much Europeans think their personal data is worth.
On average, consumers across the four countries surveyed—Britain, France, Spain, and Poland—believe they should get back nearly £13 ($21) in value for each piece of information they share with a familiar company. For unfamiliar companies, that rises to just over £15, or nearly $25. In other words, they would expect 20% more for parting with information to companies they don’t already trust.
Notably, Europeans value information related to friends and family—such as their friends’ preferences and email addresses—as highly as their own most personal data, including their income and mobile number.
Tap image to zoom
 
Among the countries surveyed, the Poles valued their personal information the highest, and the French the lowest. With the exception of the French, the total amount consumers think they should be paid for the various types of data surveyed adds up to well over $200.

Govt clears 2 major rail projects to address coal supplyGovt clears 2 major rail projects to address coal supply
Infosys board approves 1:1 bonus issueInfosys board approves 1:1 bonus issue
TD Power surges as HDFC Fund buys 2.50 lakh sharesTD Power surges as HDFC Fund buys 2.50 lakh shares
Court rules favouring Vodafone in transfer pricing caseCourt rules favouring Vodafone in transfer pricing case
India s Satyarthi  Pakistan s Malala win Nobel Peace PrizeIndia s Satyarthi  Pakistan s Malala win Nobel Peace Prize
22 SMEs mop-up Rs 160 cr via IPO in 201422 SMEs mop-up Rs 160 cr via IPO in 2014
Smartlink+Network+SystemsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Head - Research JP MorganDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

BSE Sensex edges higher; earnings key as RBI policy review had little impactE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Faux pas: Rahul Gandhi calls Modi leader of oppositionPrint
RAIGAD: Addressing an election rally in Raigad in Maharashtra on Wednesday, Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi but, in a major faux pas, referred to the BJP as being in the opposition.
"The Opposition says nothing has been done in the last 60 years, they think that only an individual can take the nation forward. When the opposition says nothing was done in 60 years they are putting a question mark on Mahatma Gandhi, Babasaheb Ambedkar and such leaders," he said.
"They are putting a question mark on you, because not one person, but you together have taken the nation forward in last 60 years," he added.
He also questioned the Modi government's policy towards China and Pakistan.
Lashing out at Modi, he said: 'On the one hand the Prime Minister was enjoying the swing ride with Chinese President and on the other hand the Chinese Army was intruding into our land in Ladakh. He (Modi) did not ask a single question at that time that how could their army enter our soil.'
The Gandhi scion also targeted the government over repeated cross-border violations by Pakistan and said: 'Pakistan has been attacking us in the last few days and they are killing our people. But during campaigning for Lok Sabha polls, he had said that nothing will happen when I become the Prime Minister. It is easy to say but it becomes different when it comes to implementation.'
Rahul Gandhi was also critical of the BJP leaders for questioning the 60 years rule of his party, saying they were putting question mark on the efforts put in by leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and Baba Saheb Ambedkar with their assertions that a single individual can take the nation forward.
Trashing charges that Maharashtra was lagging from other states, Gandhi added, "Today Maharashtra is much ahead from all other states. However, the BJP leaders come here and say that they want to take it ahead of Gujarat, but Maharashtra is already leading."
He also took potshots at the BJP-led NDA government on changing laws implemented by the previous UPA regime.
"Whatever we had done for the poor, now after coming to power the BJP is changing such laws," he added.
Recommend

Infosys shares falls nearly 5%Updated: October 8, 2014 22:28 IST
Infosys shares falls nearly 5%
PTI
stock activity
Shares of Infosys lost 5 per cent on Wednesday, wiping out Rs.10,341.31 crore from its market capitalisation, after Citigroup downgraded the second largest software exporter.
The company’s stock settled 4.70 per cent lower at Rs.3,650.20 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged by 4.88 per cent to Rs.3,643.25. At the NSE, the scrip ended 4.73 per cent down at Rs.3,650.25.
Ahead of Infosys’ July-September quarter earnings announcement, global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘buy’.

Namaste India! Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg launches Internet.orgE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Neither party tells Britain the truth about the deficitNeither party tells Britain the truth about the deficit
By Chris Giles
The Tories and Labour present public finance policies that scale the heights of absurdity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/199bcc08-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cong-NCP split a farce  both involved in  Looto Baato Tax   says Narendra ModiComments
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention," he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district. (Source: PTI photo)
Calling Congress-NCP split in Maharashtra a “farce”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said they were one and the separation was meant to divert the attention of voters ahead of the Assembly poll.
“Congress and NCP parted ways just ahead of the poll. But everybody knows that these parties are actually one, they belong to the same clan, their nature and character is same.
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention,” he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district.
Accusing the erstwhile Congress-NCP dispensation in Maharashtra of being steeped in corruption, Modi said had it utilised the 15 years it was in power for the uplift of the people, the state would have been far ahead in terms of growth and law and order.
“15 years is not a small time. If their government had utilised its time for the uplift of people, to stop suicide by farmers, in maintaining law and order, in punishing terrorists in the harshest possible way and in providing employment to the youth, Maharashtra would have been far ahead than what it is today,” Modi said.
He said the government was only in the “business of stealing the hard earned money of traders through Local Bodies Tax (LBT)” which he called “Looto Baato Tax (rob and share tax).”
“Today there is nothing left due to corruption by these politicians. There was corruption in providing homes to the widows of Kargil martyrs and in the Mid-Day Meal scheme for children. They have looted everything they could get their hands on,” Modi said.
Modi said the priority of his government was to provide employment to the youth.
“Our priority is to generate employment for the youth of this country. They (Congress-NCP) have made this state ‘scam
Maharashtra’ which we want to change and make ‘skill Maharashtra’.
“Maharashtra has suffered a lot. Give BJP an absolute majority so the government in the state can work in tandem with the Centre, so that we can together work for Maharashtra with 11 times more strength and vigour,” he said.
Modi said his government was working for the uplift of farmers and to check incidents of suicide by them.
“When I was in America, I met the CEO of Pepsi. I told her if they could add just 5 per cent of fresh fruit juice to their soft drinks, it will change the lives of our farmers drastically.
“Then our farmers will not have to go out to sell their produce. Multinational companies will come to their doorsteps to buy their produce at remunerative prices. This is the first step towards improving the agricultural environment in our country,” Modi said.
He said the reason why continued…

Namaste India! Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg begins visitpicture  others
Namaste India! Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg begins visit
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who is on a two-day visit to New Delhi, launched the global Internet project called internet.org in the country. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
The CEO of the California-headquartered firm said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Zuckerberg said through Internet.org, the industry aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Zuckerberg, counted among the youngest tech billionaires, said free basic internet access should be like dialing 911 in the US or 100 in India. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Zuckerberg also listed the three major challenges in India which prevent people from using the Internet. (Source: Express Photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Related

Dont just sell in India  invest: Modi tells investorsSays $100-b foreign investment knocking on India’s doors; calls on States to seize opportunity
Indore, October 9:  
Pushing his pet ‘Make in India’ theme, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said putting money in the manufacturing sector would be a “win-win situation” for investors.
Urging investors to stop considering India as a big market, he said enhancing production in the country would result in more purchasing power for the people.
“Don’t just sell in India. Invest in India, generate employment. This will increase the purchasing power of the citizenry and boost growth through consumption,” he said.
Inaugurating the Global Investors Summit of Madhya Pradesh here on Thursday, Modi announced that the country would get foreign investment worth $100 billion in the coming days.
Up to states
Citing the bilateral discussions he had with the US and China recently, the Prime Minister said $100 billion worth of foreign investments are knocking on India’s doors and it is up to the States to make use of this opportunity. States will have to clear the roads for development, he said and promised investors all possible help from the Centre.
Modi said the credit rating of India by various international agencies has improved since his Government assumed power.
Decisions such as 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in the Railways will change the fortunes of the country, he said, adding that the decision to hike the FDI cap in Defence would help States find new avenues.
“Madhya Pradesh is the first State that has put in place a Defence manufacturing policy. This is a significant step toward a Centre-State alliance that will help create self-sufficiency in Defence,” he added.
Skill development
The Prime Minister also asked States to create a global talent pool so that the experience, talent and discipline of non-resident Indians can be used for growth. Programmes such as skill development need micro-level planning, he said, adding: “We should be able to end the mismatch of demand for skilled workers and the burgeoning rate of unemployment.”
Modi lauded Madhya Pradesh’s efforts to maintain double digit growth in agriculture and in GDP. “I am confident that Madhya Pradesh will become the main driving force behind India’s growth story,” he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Apple analysts to Icahn: You re wrong!EMAIL
AP
Billionaire Carl Icahn is claiming Apple (AAPL) is worth more than $200 a share — essentially saying the Wall Street analysts that follow the stock are wrong. They’re saying he’s way off, by $500 billion, to be exact.
It’s important to consider the numbers to see just how far apart Icahn and the analysts covering the stock are. Icahn says Apple is worth double its current price of $100 a share. But Wall Street analysts, on average, have an 18-month price target on the stock of $111.73. Even the most bullish Apple analyst, of which there no shortage, has just an 18-month price target of $140 a share.
The chart below shows that while analysts have gotten more bullish in Apple’s stock — targets are nowhere near Icahn’s call:
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
That’s a huge difference between Icahn’s assessment and the street. At Icahn’s $200 a share price, Apple would be worth $1.2 trillion — a value no company has ever hit before. But at analysts’ price of $111.73 a share, Apple would have a value of just $699 billion.
Icahn’s price target is based on a series of wildly optimistic expectations that don’t match reality, says Jim Kelleher, analyst at Argus Research. “Looks like a stretch,” Kelleher says of Icahn’s price target.
Backing out Icahn’s expectations for Apple shows just how aggressive the $200 a share call is, Kelleher says. To hit $200 a share, Kelleher says Icahn is assuming Apple’s earnings would hit $16.28 a share by fiscal 2016. That’s 96% higher than Wall Street analysts’ forecasts.
Even assuming Apple’s revenue growth of 12% a year, gross margins of 44% in 2016 and net margins of 27% in 2016, that generates earnings per share of $10.17 in fiscal 2016. And even those numbers don’t jive with Apple’s history. The all-time high of Apple’s gross margin was 44% in 2012 and now runs at just 38% to 39%, Kelleher says. And Apple’s net margin peaked at 27% in fiscal 2012 and run now at 22%.
What’s the bottom line: Even if the company posted 12% annual revenue growth for the next three years, the company would still need to boost its margins by 9 percentage points — and even then — would be $3 short of Icahn’s target.
Andy Hargreaves, analyst at Pacific Crest, agrees Icahn’s number is way off. “I think his (Icahn’s) expectations for growth are aggressive.”

Sanctions enable us to hurt each anotherOctober 9, 2014 6:45 pm
Russia and the west should stop punishing one another
By Risto Penttila
Great powers are practised at unexpected changes in policy, writes Risto Penttila
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f543b36-4f9c-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watch: Drone  hawk collide in the skies over CambridgeBy Natalie Jennings October 9 Follow @ngjennings
Christopher Schmidt was flying a quadcopter with a camera attached to it at Magazine Beach Park in Cambridge, Mass., and taking in views of the Boston skyline when a hawk decided to take back its airspace. (Christopher Schmidt via YouTube)
Christopher Schmidt has been taking his quadcopter drone out for a spin a couple of times a week since he purchased it six months ago, producing lots of interesting footage for his YouTube page .
This weekend, those efforts were temporarily halted by some competing air traffic. The aircraft collided with a hawk in midair above Magazine Beach Park in Cambridge, Mass.
Schmidt is a software developer from Cambridge who says the quadcopter is a great way to spend time outdoors with his daughter.  He says both the copter and hawk came away with little damage.
“Equipment is fine. The reason it dropped was entirely because my first reaction was to reduce throttle to reduce any risk to the hawk. It fell straight down,” Schmidt said in an e-mail. “The hawk seemed completely non-plussed; he flew off without any signs of damage.”
Natalie Jennings is a Web producer for PostTV.

California fire officials pull crucial air tankers out of service after pilot dies in YosemiteBy Elahe Izadi October 9 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Rangers transfer the body of a pilot who was killed in a crash in Yosemite National Park on Wednesday. (Al Golub/Associated Press)
The death of a pilot who was battling a fire at Yosemite National Park this week has prompted the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection to temporarily ground 22 of its air tankers, the Associated Press reported .
The decision to ground the fleet of Grumman S-2Ts came as wildfire season in the drought-dried state is hitting its peak; October is historically one of the worst fire months in the state, with nine of the 20 most damaging California wildfires ever  having begun in October.
Geoffrey “Craig” Hunt, a 62-year-old pilot flying a Cal Fire air tanker, died in a crash Tuesday as he was working to help contain the Dog Rock fire. Officials had lost contact with Tanker 81, which was based out of the Hollister Air Attack Base.
Four aircraft were battling the blaze when one of the air tankers hit a canyon wall and “disintegrated,” the AP reported. It took officials a day to recover Hunt’s body.
“This crash underscores just how inherently dangerous wildland firefighting is and the job is further compounded this year by extreme fire conditions,” Cal Fire Chief Ken Pimlot said in a statement .
Hunt was a former Navy flier and longtime reservist who spent the off-season teaching chemistry at the University of California at Santa Cruz, according to the department.
Pilot Geoffrey “Craig” Hunt died Tuesday fighting a wildfire in Yosemite National Park. (Courtesy of Cal Fire)
“My dad died a hero. There was not a day that went by that I didn’t talk to my dad,” Sarah Hunt Lauterbach said in a statement . “He was my best friend.”
Cal Fire officials said they were indefinitely grounding the air tankers, which can carry more than 1,000 gallons of fire retardant each. “We call it the safety stand-down and make sure we check on the safety of our pilots as well as our aircraft,” Cal Fire spokeswoman Alyssa Smith told the AP.
The Cal Fire fleet, which is essential to battling wildfires, has been especially busy in California this year: The department has responded to more than 5,100 fires — 1,000 more than the annual average over the past five years, according to officials .
Last month, numerous fires were burning simultaneously across the northern part of the state, growing and spreading due to windy and dry conditions. Among them: the massive, major-city-sized King Fire , which was visible from space .
Most of those fires now  appear to be under control . The King Fire, which forced thousands to flee as it ripped through woodlands east of Sacramento, had spread over nearly 100,000 acres. By Tuesday morning, it was 98 percent contained, according to fire officials .
Firefighters set a controlled burn to create a safe zone around homes close to the King Fire on Sept. 17. (Alvin Jornada/EPA)
That doesn’t mean the danger is over, though. Officials were on high alert for potential fires over the weekend as a heat wave and Santa Ana winds hit Southern California.
The Dog Rock fire  began Tuesday afternoon  and spread across 252 acres with zero percent containment by Wednesday,  according to the National Park Service . Another major fire also erupted this week near Sacramento: The Applegate fire has burned 420 acres and destroyed five homes and is threatening 1,000 more, according to Cal Fire . It remains just 20 percent contained.
This year’s wildfire season has been so bad that the state has already exhausted its $209 million budget for fighting fires, requiring an additional $70 million from its reserves.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

The next Angry Birds 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

IMF stresses labour reforms for IndiaUpdated: October 10, 2014 02:57 IST
IMF stresses labour reforms for India
Puja Mehra
labour
The global economy needs a new momentum and a bold policies agenda to avoid a “new mediocre” period of low and uneven growth as it continues to struggle with a disappointing recovery six years after the Lehman Brothers’ collapse triggered a financial crisis, International Monetary Fund (IMF) Managing Director Christine Lagarde said here on Thursday.
Ms. Lagarde said the IMF was recommending country-specific infrastructure investments and structural reforms, including those for labour markets in emerging market economies such as India, as the imperatives for raising growth.
It was a question of getting on with the job and doing it and not just talking about building infrastructure to push growth, Ms. Lagarde said at a press conference at the onset of the IMF’s annual meeting of members here. Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram is leading the Indian delegation to the meeting as Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is recovering from a surgery. On India, Ms. Lagarde said India’s growth was better than expected.
Earlier this month, Ms. Lagarde had in a speech at Georgetown University here said: “The global economy is at an inflection point: it can muddle along with sub-par growth — a ‘new mediocre’ — or it can aim for a better path where bold policies would accelerate growth, increase employment, and achieve a ‘new momentum.’”
The IMF released on Thursday its Managing Director’s Global Policy Agenda that lists India as a country for which alongside measures to increase investment, particularly in infrastructure for eliminating bottlenecks, labour market reforms should be a priority in its quest for higher growth. The Agenda also recommends addressing education gaps, encouraging innovation and fostering financial inclusion as other reform priorities for emerging markets such as India. Further, it points out the binding constraint of the low fiscal buffer available for expansion of much-needed social services as revenue is low and there is a need for broadening the tax base and improving tax administration.
In a blow to India’s current efforts at reviving the World Trade Organisation talks at Geneva, the Agenda said: “With even the relatively narrow WTO Bali agreement now in limbo, the redoubling of joint efforts is needed to avoid fragmenting global trade.”
The WTO’s Bali deal that proposed a way of finding permanent solutions to the problem of minimum support prices (MSPs) to farmers breaching its permissible limits while granting them protection in the interim and at the same time a Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) has gone cold following India’s refusal to ratify a protocol. India in July this year refused to ratify the TFA protocol until the time the WTO makes “satisfactory” progress on laying down the road map for finding the permanent solution to the issue of its MSPs in danger of breaching the permissible limits.
The 2010 governance and quotas reforms of the IMF are stuck as the U.S. Congress is yet to ratify the Obama Administration’s proposal. She hoped that the different branches of the U.S. authorities — the executive and legislative — would understand the importance of the IMF’s need to be representative of global economy and including at the table the people that should be there. “The role of the IMF warrants that they ratify the reforms,” she said. The reforms would lead to a slight reduction in the U.S. voting quota at the IMF while increasing that of countries such as China.

Dairy Queen Latest to Suffer Customer Card HackKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

The Free Internet ProjectBy Eugene Volokh October 9 Follow @volokhc
This is a new nonprofit that aims “to provide the public with information about the latest legal and technological efforts to protect Internet freedoms around the world,” run by Prof. Edward Lee (Chicago Kent) ; Profs. Margot Kaminski (Ohio State), Derek Bambauer (Arizona), and Molly Land (Connecticut) and I are on the Board of Directors, though this really is Ed Lee’s project. There is already some material on the site ( TheFreeInternetProject.org ), and more will be added soon.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

EU cracks down on double Irish loopholeBrussels in crackdown on ‘double Irish’ tax loophole
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vincent Boland in Dublin and Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba95cff0-4fcd-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toy story: Delhi zoo white tiger Vijay becomes must-have for visitorsComments
Eight-year-old Ashish grips Vijay by his throat. The boy then growls, as he wrestles with the white tiger, pins him to the ground. A little later, the little boy finally makes peace with his new stuffed friend by hugging him.
Delhi zoo’s souvenir shop has sold around 50-60 pieces of the miniature version of Vijay ever since the white tiger mauled a youth to death in its enclosure last month.
Delhi zoo’s much-adored white tiger Vijay — who mauled a youth to death inside his enclosure on September 23 — has quickly turned out to be a must-see and must-have for visitors, with hundreds of miniature stuffed versions of the animal flying off the shelves at the souvenir shop inside the zoo premises.
Miniature Vijays, as the shopkeeper likes to call them, are available in all sizes at the souvenir shop and have witnessed a spike in sale.
“We made plans to visit the zoo after the kids insisted. After taking rounds of the enclosures, the children were very eager to have their own stuffed-toy version of Vijay. The constant coverage that the mauling incident received made them more enthusiastic,” said Malini Rawat, a mother of two, who was spotted bargaining at the store.
Niranjan Giri and Naresh Kumar, the store keepers, claimed that their earlier neglected store suddenly shot to the limelight and was attracting customers by the dozens.
The white tiger stuffed toys, they said, were made in Mumbai and Hyderabad and available in the store in three sizes — small, medium and large — at prices ranging from 250 to 700.
“We have already sold all the small-sized stuffed white tigers. After the incident, children visiting the zoo invariably run straight to our shop begging their parents to buy them the toy. Now even we have started referring to the tiger toys as Vijay when placing our orders with the dealers,” said Giri, as he sold his final piece.
Giri claimed that in the past week alone, their store had sold 25 pieces of the toy. A total of nearly 50-60 pieces were sold after the incident.
“During summers, the sale is particularly low as very few people visit the zoo. In fact, we are barely able to sell four to five tigers. People, till very recently, used to prefer toys like the monkey or the bear. But now, they seem to want the white tigers,” Giri added.
Vijay’s popularity seemed to have rubbed off on young couples, looking for gifts, for their partners.
“I am buying this for my girlfriend. She wanted me to get her a stuffed toy and what could be better than the white tiger,” said Mohit Biswas, a student of IP University.

People looking for food come to Zomato: Deepinder GoyalPeople looking for food porn come to Zomato.xxx, says founder Deepinder Goyal
By Rashmi Menon , ET Bureau | 10 Oct, 2014, 09.06AM IST
0
Share More
Deepinder Goyal is a first generation entrepreneur, but got support from his family when he set up Zomato.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
There was a time when people would rack their brains to search for a place to eat out. The online restaurant guide Zomato started in 2008 and changed that. With a few clicks, it suggested places you could eat or order food from.
Since then, the Gurgaon-based company has been on an expansion overdrive. Zomato's net is now spread in 16 countries. It entered four new markets by acquiring local equivalents of itself — MenuMania (New Zealand), Lunchtime (Czech Republic), Obedovat (Slovakia) and Gastronauci (Poland).
Last month, Zomato expanded its presence in Indonesia. The firm also won the 2014 Economic Times 'Startup of the Year' award. ETPanache speaks to Deepinder Goyal, founder and CEO, Zomato, about all things food and business.
What does food mean to you? What do you consider to be soul food?
Food for me has always been about exploring and discovering cuisines. My need to discover food translated into organising menus and this gave birth to Zomato. About soul food, nothing hits the spot like butter chicken.
What are the new things you learnt about different food cultures through your job?
In Philippines, I learnt that it's rude to stay quiet while eating. In Qatar and the UAE, you never touch food with the left hand. In the UK, never leave a spoon in a teacup.
Getting into a new market is challenging. In which city did you enjoy setting up business and which were the places which were difficult to penetrate?
We had a memorable country launch in Lisbon, Portugal. The vibrant dining and internet scene makes it a great market for our product. Restaurant owners and the people in Lisbon were extremely receptive to our platform.
On the contrary, the UK entry was tough because of competition and the market size. The market is extremely fragmented in terms of discovery and transactional websites. When we launched in January 2013, we ran an outdoor advertising campaign in the London underground in advance to raise awareness about Zomato. In other countries, we haven't needed to advertise.
What features did you introduce to woo customers in the UK?
We offered restaurants based on categories such as 'great places for breakfast', 'pet friendly' restaurants, etc, based on the popularity of these restaurant categories in London. We recently launched table bookings by partnering with Opentable, Bookatable and ResDiary.
How do you know you are hiring the right people, especially in smaller cities and cities abroad?
We try to go beyond traditional hiring techniques. A person's personality and attitude are definitely what stand out during our hiring conversations. One without the other doesn't cut it for us.
We started 'Trial Week' for engineers and 'Leadership Program'that focuses on picking up former entrepreneurs. Of course, finding the right person can take months. Once we have identified the right person in the leadership position,though, it takes us about three or four days to make the offer.
From which city in India do you clock maximum traffic and for what cuisines?
Delhi sees the most traffic in India. It's by far the most exciting city for food in the country. There's been a high demand for global cuisines in the Capital with increasing demand for Italian food. We are also noticing steady user increase in smaller cities. With an increase in the number of young professionals with high disposable incomes, eating out has become extremely popular.
You are a foodie. What is the weirdest dish you have had till now and where?
Black pudding in London. I tried it during our London launch. A few of my colleagues and I had stepped out for breakfast and ordered a full English breakfast. When I had the first bite of this strange black mass on my plate, I made a weird face. My colleague informed me the dish contained pig's blood mixed with some oatmeal. I continued eating it.
Your favourite food dishes?
I eat out a fair bit (more than I like, actually). My favourite dishes are Galouti kebabs and butter chicken.
How do you maintain a work-life balance?
I am online from Monday to Saturday. On Sundays, however, I try to switch off so I can spend time with my wife Kanchan and daughter.
What was your parents' reaction when you quit Bain & Company to focus on Zomato? We hear you told them after you put in your papers. And are you a first generation entrepreneur in your family?
Yes, I'm a first generation entrepreneur. My parents don't really think about things once they have happened. When I told them I had quit my job, their reaction was "Ok, whatever, you'll figure it out". They asked me to tell them if things got difficult financially. My wife, Kanchan, has supported me always and is a big believer of Zomato. It is important having family's support in your entrepreneurial pursuits.
Is there a well-known person you have an unexpected connection with?
I share a great working relationship with investor Sanjeev Bikhchandani of Info Edge. He is more an entrepreneur, less investor. When Sanjeev and I met for the first time, we hit it off. It's been a great run since then.
On Zomato.xxx
Around 2010-11, people were starting to talk a lot about food porn. We realised we were sitting on an untapped opportunity. xxx domains are hard to come by and we thought it would be a good idea to get a xxx domain for the purpose of displaying delicious food. We have seen a great response from users.

Special court to hear Sebi matters likely soonSpecial court to hear Sebi matters likely soon
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 01:15 PM IST
A special court may be set up soon to fast-track prosecution and investigations initiated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) against defaulters, after the the regulator raised the issue with the government and judiciary.
A provision for setting up a designated court to hear Sebi cases, as also to give go-ahead to the regulator for carrying out search and seizure operations, has been made in a new law aimed at giving the market watchdog more teeth.
"We have taken (it) up with the government and the High Courts. My feeling is that they are working on it. We have already taken it up... Parliament has passed the law, government has notified the law, we have already written to the government. Wait for sometime," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said on Friday.
The Securities Laws Amendment Act, notified by the government in August, amends all legislations governing capital markets and also facilitates setting up of a special Sebi court to fast-track suspected cases of fraud.
The Act is part of the government and regulators' efforts to crack down on fraudsters in the wake of several cases of illicit money-pooling activities, including by ponzi operators, across the country.

Telenor seeks more spectrum in India  open t...You are here: Home > Collections > Uninor
Telenor CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas seeks more spectrum in India, says open to M&A
Romit Guha, ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 02.03PM IST
Tags:
3G
(He urged the Indian government…)
Norwegian telco Telenor's CEO Jon Fredrik Baksaas urged the Indian government to release more spectrum, and added that it is open for M&A in the country, but current rules don't encourage such a move.
"Countries release nearly 100% spectrum for commercial use, but in India, a comparably smaller amount of spectrum is released, which needs to be changed," Baksaas told ET during an exclusive interaction. He is here In India for a few days reviewing the progress of the company's India unit, Uninor.
He added that the Indian government should not charge hefty upfront payments from the industry on account of airwaves but should allow the industry to grow which would bring higher profitability and in turn mean more taxes for the government, he added.
India's telecom sector is one of the most regulated industries where cost of airwaves is far higher than its international counterparts. The industry has been demanding lower base prices for airwaves such that it can take telephony and data services to people countrywide.
Uninor caters to 2G population in its six circles but needs to take a decision soon on how to address the data growth in India given that it doesn't have 3G spectrum and 4G is still a long way from a broader adoption.
"This is something we need to address," Baksaas said, indicating that the company could try to win spectrum in the 900 Mhz band in the upcoming auctions.
He though said that competition would be tough as incumbent operators would bid aggressively to buy back their bandwidth which will be put up for sale as permits are expiring.
The company bought liberalized spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band, which can be used for offering high speed wireless internet services on 4G, however, the ecosystem is yet to develop and at the same time other carriers are expanding their 3G networks.
Uninor currently doesn't have 900 Mhz spectrum which can be used for 3G.
"Uninor is open to participating in the auctions to buy refarmed spectrum provided the modalities are friendly," Baksaas said. He added that the Indian arm of Telenor is a long term investor in India and will explore all options for growth here.
On M&A, Baksaas said that some discussions had happened in India, but nothing has materialized. "More clarity is needed around regulation on M&A without which no consolidation will happen in India," he said.
Having begun operations in 2009, Baksaas said that the company was "at ease in terms of doing business" in India, compared to about five years ago.
"The new government has brought in a lot of enthusiasm for international investors like us and we would like the government to follow up with concrete actions including making more spectrum available which will help us cater to Indian citizens at affordable prices and help fulfill the Digital India project," he said.
Under the 'Digital India' program, the government aims to offer government services to all Indians online and through smartphones by 2019. The Rs 1.13 lakh crore Digital India plan - a top priority for the Narendra Modi-led government - aims to offer a one-stop shop for government services to Indians
FEATURED ARTICLES

DGCA grounds planes of GoAir  Air India  pvt...DGCA grounds three planes of GoAir, Air India, private operator
ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 03.38AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(An Airbus A-320 of AI was…)
NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has ordered the grounding of three aircraft, belonging to Air India, GoAir and a nonscheduled operator, over safety issues ranging from loose bolts to crew who lacked proper training.
"These aircraft would be released only after their owners rectified the defects found. The two airlines and the private operator have also been asked to explain the reasons behind the defects," said a DGCA official.
An Airbus A-320 of Air India was found to have not carried out a mandatory second check of the cowl or covering of the right-side engine, which was repaired several weeks ago for a dent. The carpets in the interior of the plane were damaged and torn, which could have affected smooth movement of passengers, especially in an emergency, the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Extremely delighted  says SatyarthiFile photo of Kailash Satyarthi, founder of Bachpan Bachao Andolan, actor Mahima Chaudhary, and Punjabi pop singer Jasbir Jassi, along with some former child labourers, rag-pickers and beggars, campaigning for a child friendly Delhi. -- Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
“Extremely delighted. This is a recognition of our fight for child rights,” Kailash Satyarthi, Nobel Peace Prize awardee, told PTI.
“I am thankful to the Nobel committee for recognising the plight of millions of children who are suffering in this modern age,” Satyarthi said.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Anchor Electricals opens LED lighting centre in BangaloreAnchor Electricals opens LED lighting centre in Bangalore
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, October 10:  
Anchor Electricals, a Panasonic Group company, has opened its second LED lighting experience centre in the country in Bangalore. The first centre is located in Mumbai.
Spread over an area of 260 square meters, is their largest showroom which will offer ecologically-advanced solutions ranging from LED lighting to everyday electrical accessories and such as wiring devices, wires and cables, switchgears, air-moving equipment, home automation.
Speaking on the occasion Kiyoshi Otaki, Managing Director, Anchor Electricals said, “With environmental challenges and energy shortages becoming a serious concern, energy conservation has now emerged as a necessity. We have aligned with the Panasonic’s objective of serving the needs of individuals in every space, Anchor Panasonic’s new showroom takes the experience to another level and showcases of its latest range of energy efficient electrical solutions. Anchor’s constant endeavours focus on offering a holistic range of solutions for Indian residences.”
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Dakshina Kannada targets100% Jan Dhan implementation by Oct 20Dakshina Kannada targets 100% Jan Dhan implementation by Oct 20
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangalore, Oct 10:  
Dakshina Kannada is planning to cover all the 4.40 lakh families in the district with bank accounts by October 20 under the Prime Minister Jan Dhan Yojna (PMJDY).
This view was expressed at the district-level review committee meeting of bankers in Dakshina Kannada on Friday.
Amarnath Hegde, Chief Manager of Lead District Bank (Syndicate Bank in the district), said that out of the 4.40 lakh households in the district as per the 2011 census, 4.20 lakh households are covered with bank accounts up to October 7. Banks in the district opened 1.45 lakh accounts from August 16 to October 7, he said.
Prasad Rao, Assistant General Manager of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, said that the household surveys are in progress in the district, and the banks have decided to complete the survey by October 14.
Stating that the implementation of PMJDY is a time-bound programme, Thulasi Maddineni, Chief Executive Officer of Dakshina Kannada Zilla Panchayat, said the intention is to bring 100 per cent households under the banking network by October 20. The bankers and the administration are confident of achieving this target by October 20, she said.
Hegde said that banks have been conducting account opening camps in the villages and urban wards allotted to them on last Saturday of the month from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Suggestions invited for utilisation of unclaimed deposits in small savings schemesSuggestions invited for utilisation of unclaimed deposits in small savings schemes
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
The National Savings Institute has invited suggestions and ideas on proper utilisation of deposits lying unclaimed in various Small Savings Schemes in Post Offices and banks for welfare and protection of financial interest of senior citizens.
Interested persons/organisations can submit their suggestions/ideas to the Joint Director National Savings Institute, Government of India, Ministry of Finance, ‘A’ Block, 4th Floor, CGO Complex, Seminary Hills, Nagpur–440006 or email (nsi@nsiindia.gov.in ) latest by November 15, 2014.
The National Savings Institute is providing Secretarial support to the Committee appointed by the Ministry of Finance to examine issues related to unclaimed amounts lying in various small savings schemes.
Harun R. Khan, Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India is the Chairman of this committee.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Winners of Nobel Peace Prize since1980Print
Associated Press | Oslo (norway) | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:35 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:37 pm
The 2014 Nobel Peace Prize was announced Friday. Here is a list of winners of the award since 1980:
— 2014: Kailash Satyarthi, India, and Malala Yousafzai, Pakistan.
— 2013: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
— 2012: European Union.
— 2011: Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Liberia, Leymah Gbowee, Liberia, and Tawakkol Karman, Yemen.
— 2010: Liu Xiaobo, China.
— 2009: Barack Obama, United States.
— 2008: Martti Ahtisaari, Finland.
— 2007: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and Al Gore, United States.
— 2006: Muhammad Yunus, Bangladesh and Grameen Bank, Bangladesh.
— 2005: International Atomic Energy Agency and Mohamed ElBaradei, Egypt.
— 2004: Wangari Maathai, Kenya.
— 2002: Jimmy Carter, United States.
— 2001: United Nations and Kofi Annan, Ghana.
— 2000: Kim Dae-jung, South Korea.
— 1999: Medecins Sans Frontieres.
— 1998: John Hume, United Kingdom, and David Trimble, United Kingdom.
— 1997: International Campaign to Ban Landmines and Jody Williams, United States.
— 1996: Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo, East Timor, and Jose Ramos-Horta, East Timor.
— 1995: Joseph Rotblat, United Kingdom, and Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs
— 1994: Yasser Arafat, Palestine territories, Shimon Peres, Israel, and Yitzhak Rabin, Israel.
— 1993: Nelson Mandela, South Africa, and Frederik Willem de Klerk, South Africa.
— 1992: Rigoberta Menchu Tum, Guatemala.
— 1991: Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma.
— 1990: Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev, USSR (now Russia).
— 1989: The 14th Dalai Lama (Tenzin Gyatso), China.
— 1988: United Nations Peacekeeping Forces
— 1987: Oscar Arias Sanchez, Costa Rica.
— 1986: Elie Wiesel, United States.
— 1985: International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War.
— 1984: Desmond Mpilo Tutu, South Africa.
— 1983: Lech Walesa, Poland.
— 1982: Alva Myrdal, Sweden, and Alfonso Garcia Robles, Mexico.
— 1981: Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
— 1980: Adolfo Perez Esquivel, Argentina.

How millennials will save the worldone text at a timeHow millennials will save the world—one text at a time
Written by
Lucas Donat CEO, Tiny Rebellion
October 10, 2014
The world at their fingertips.(AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
SHARE
Lucas Donat CEO, Tiny Rebellion
October 10, 2014
I was recently asked to present at a think tank of old brilliant guys. Yes, guys. Not one woman. If that predisposes you to not like them, that’s okay. Read on.
My topic was millennials. I’m the CEO of an advertising agency focused on positive change, and I have been studying this generation since before they were in their buying years. For some reason I have had high hopes for them. The research bears this out. As I started to present my findings on millennials, a curmudgeon in the group started to get visibly antsy. His discontent was registered by barely audible grumbles until I said: “Millennials are the most optimistic generation in history.”
At this, the man could no longer contain himself. “Millennials are idiots!” he proclaimed. “They have lost the ability to write because of texting. They are unmotivated because the world now comes to them. And worse, they are entitled.”
I realized my expertise on millennials was more bookish than worldly. In my mind, I raced to cite data to corroborate my position and counter his. Millennials are actually the most educated generation in history. They will travel more than any other preceding generation. They know they have to work harder because the job market no longer guarantees a place for college graduates in its ranks. I had all that data at my fingertips, but I couldn’t point to first-hand experience about their optimism.
So, this year my agency conducted an experiment: we hired eight interns, all Millennials, from around the world. To top off the experiment, we took on an impossible task and launched an immersive three-week sprint to submit for the Cannes Chimera Initiative, which promotes use of creativity to address social causes. The assignment this year was to come up with ideas that would inspire Millennials to become engaged in solving the global health crisis. The first part of the challenge was to present ideas to our senior leadership team at the agency. For two hours, my jaw dropped as idea after idea arrested my imagination and filled my heart with hope and protective pride.
This is not just an optimistic generation, this is an empowered generation of young people that believe it is more than their right to make a difference—it is their duty.
Like any generalization, I am sure there are exceptions, but what this crew pulled off in a matter of weeks would humble people twice their age. Ideation, co-creation, collaboration; they accomplished all of this while pushing the submission process well beyond what was expected. Through their social networks and phones, they mobilized to create a pop-up immersion session attended by over 100 people that contributed to the betterment of the ideas they created. It was a wildly successful exercise in executing the impossible in favor of solving impossible problems, while leveraging their digital literacy.
I hate texting. It makes me crazy when I see my daughter with her head in her phone. But I take solace in knowing that we have not lost a generation to the cell phone. This is not a generation of idiots. This is a generation genius enough to know how to game the system by using cell phones to reconfigure how power works in the world.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Facebook is unleashing its adsand surveillanceonto the internet at largeMobile Web
October 10, 2014
Online advertising—the business that powers much of the internet—has a fundamental problem. And Facebook thinks it has a solution.
Online ads were built on a beguiling promise: For the first time, advertisers would know exactly how many people saw their ads, how many bought something as a result, and thus, how well the ads were working. The Economist in 2006  summed up the optimism : “Thanks to the power of the internet, advertising is becoming less wasteful and its value more measurable.”
Today, advertisers are back to complaining that they don’t know where their money goes or whether it works. Half the ads on the internet are never seen by a human. And the rise of mobile is making it harder to track people, because mobile apps don’t accept cookies—the small files your web browser saves when you visit a website, which the website then uses to identify you on your next visit.
Measuring ads’ effectiveness is also becoming harder as display advertising grows. Unlike direct-response ads (the ones that show up when you do a web search, for instance), display ads aren’t necessarily meant to be clicked on, but rather—like ads on TV or in magazines—to make you aware of a brand or product. Unless there is a direct click, however, how can you prove that an ad for a new book made someone buy it? What if he did it on another day, or using a different computer, or even went into a bookstore? And such display ads will grow at nearly 15% a year in the US and over 10% a year in Europe, according to Forrester.
Facebook has already solved this problem for its own social network. And last week it  launched  a new and improved version of  Atlas , an ad-serving platform it bought from Microsoft for $100 million last year, with which it proposes to solve the problem for the internet at large.
Your new best friend
Here’s an example of the problem in action. While lounging on the couch at home, browsing Facebook on your phone, you see an ad for some shoes. A couple of weeks later at work, you suddenly remember the shoes, log on at your work computer, and buy them. In most cases, the ad server has no idea that the person who bought the shoes was the same person who saw the ad. From the shoe-seller’s point of view, the ad was useless.
But Facebook has the one thing, at scale, that no other web firm barring Google can boast: your identity . When you log into Facebook on a phone or computer, Facebook associates that device with your Facebook ID (a long number such as 444654488901592, Quartz’s Facebook ID). If you then use that device to visit a website that uses Facebook login   or embeds a Facebook tracker, Facebook knows. Among sites that let you log in using a social network, Facebook is the leader:
Share
Tap image to zoom
What Atlas does is bring this ability to track individuals to ads on sites outside Facebook. Facebook and Atlas also pool the data with other sources—store loyalty cards, for example—through a data broker  to match up those who have made purchases in stores. Facebook calls it “people-based marketing.” (Facebook stresses that the data are aggregated and anonymized, and that third parties do not see who has bought what.)
“Using the Facebook ID will tell us whether a woman 16-34 actually saw or interacted with the ad,” says Stefan Bardega, the chief digital officer at ZenithOptimedia, a media agency. Existing methods, he says, are technically difficult and expensive.
Solving the problem of measurement is essential for Facebook to grow. Google’s direct-response ads fulfil a demand: When you perform a search for “ cheap mobile phone ,” Google knows you want to spend money and shows you ads accordingly. It’s easy for Google to show the ads worked: It just counts how many people clicked on them. Facebook, by contrast, must convince media planners—the people who buy ads—that its display ads create demand. The new measurement systems with Atlas help it prove that. As one Facebook marketing bigwig  recently declared  (paywall) to the New York Times, “We want to hold ourselves accountable for delivering results.”
“A huge step forward”
Atlas is a direct challenge to Google. Not only does Google dominate in direct-response ads; through its subsidiary Doubleclick, it runs the dominant ad network on the internet, taking one in every three dollars on digital ad revenue worldwide, according to eMarketer . Facebook’s share is just under 8%. But Facebook is growing fast. Its share has doubled in the past two years, while Google’s has stagnated.
Advertisers are excited about it. “They [Facebook] know your age and gender,” says Jonathan Nelson, who runs the digital arm of Omnicom, one of the largest advertising holding companies in the world. “So even just having those two bits of information is a huge step forward for people like us.” Ed Chater of Lithient, an ad tracking firm, says Atlas is “potentially a game changer.” Bardega calls it a “real win” for advertisers.
But there are caveats. The success of Atlas depends on Facebook’s reach. If 80% or more of the audience in any market use Facebook, Bardega says, the data it provides to Atlas can be considered robust. But in places like Russia, Facebook has a smaller share. “So for global businesses this may not be the right solution,” he says.
Moreover, advertisers are wary about backing an ad platform that depends on Facebook’s data to work, even though it’s run independently. By contrast, DoubleClick doesn’t rely on people continuing to use Google search in order to serve them ads and report the results.
There are other limitations too. Facebook’s new ad server “can only be used to view media tracked by Atlas, requiring the advertiser to switch to Atlas as their ad server,” points out Adit Abhyankar of Visual IQ, an ad attribution firm. Moreover, he adds, the results are limited to people who use Facebook across a variety of devices. And the reports are incomparable with those from other ad servers. Indeed, the lack of standards in online advertising remains a big headache for media buyers and ad networks alike.
Head to head with Google
Share
Tap image to zoom
“In the near term, I don’t anticipate seeing businesses flee in droves from Google DoubleClick to Facebook,” says Patrick Salyer, who runs Gigya, an identity management platform. “There will be a lot of interest, however, and once we start seeing results from early adopters, more businesses will start coming over and Google may very well start leaking revenue as a result.”
Google isn’t taking it lying down. The day after Facebook’s announcement, Google published a blog post announcing something not unlike what Atlas offers: “estimated cross-device conversions for display ads,” which works by using data from people who have previously signed in to Google, something the company is keen to promote .
But Google will find it tougher going than Facebook. It’s already facing a regulatory backlash over its privacy practices; the day of its announcement about cross-device conversions, a regulator in Germany ruled  (paywall) that the company “has not been willing to abide by the legally binding rules and has refused to substantially improve the user’s controls” when it comes to combining user data to build a profile. Facebook has yet to face such a backlash, though it might yet.
Nor is Facebook Google’s only challenger. Twitter, which has until now reported underwhelming results from its ad products, is also making a big push into the identity game. According to The Information  (paywall), a tech trade publication, Twitter plans to make it easier for app developers to allow users to log in with Twitter, giving it access to their movements outside the platform. Called Twitter Fabric, the product “reflects Twitter’s desire to be at the center of online ‘identity’,” writes Amir Efrati.
But the rise of centralized, powerful ad networks owned by companies that also control vast amounts of data worries some  (paywall). “Advertisers are nervous about giving all their data to their main media providers,” says Lithient’s Chater. Startups are working on the problem too. These aren’t perfect, he says, but it suggests that the field is wide open and “has a lot more innovation to come.”
In other words, internet users are about to become embroiled in a giant battle to see who can best track their every move.
Share this:

National Plywood Industries: Outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 03.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
National Plywood Industries: Outcome of AGM
National Plywood Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
National Plywood Industries: Outcome of AGM
National Plywood Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
National Plywood Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Shri Dinesh Mills: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 03.37 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shri Dinesh Mills: Updates on outcome of AGM
Shri Dinesh Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 79th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shri Dinesh Mills: Updates on outcome of AGM
Shri Dinesh Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 79th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shri Dinesh Mills Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the 79th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

AIPM s market-oriented curriculum maket it stand outThe Asia-Pacific Institute of Management, Delhi (Source: asiapacific.edu)
Asia-Pacific Institute of Management, Delhi
Overall rank: 37; Learning experience rank: 19
SP Chauhan, Director, Asia-Pacific Institute of Management (APIM), says that the course curriculum, which is market-oriented , vigorously reviewed by the IIMs academia and domain experts from industry, and duly documented, by the institute stands out.
"Our academic curriculum includes industry visits, summer and winter internships, and guest lecture series from domain experts to provide in-depth knowledge to the students about the corporate world and give them extensive orientation about professional responsibilities and business ethics," he adds.
APIM's dedicated team ensures viable and sustainable relations with the industry. In fact, when the academic session commences, professionals meet new students to enable them to understand corporate expectations over the next two years.

Mitsubishi Pajero Sport dual tone launched at Rs 23.50lakhThe Pajero Sport dual-tone models command a premium of Rs 50,000 over the standard car which is priced at Rs 23.50 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:54 pm
Mitsubishi has launched a dual tone version of the Pajero Sport in India. The onset of festivities means improved customer sentiment in the car market, and cashing in on the opportunity is Mitsubishi as it offers two new shades, namely- Flame Red-White and Lemon Yellow-White on the Pajero Sport. The Pajero Sport dual-tone models command a premium of Rs 50,000 over the standard car which is priced at Rs 23.50 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi.
Mitsubishi states that this new version of the Pajero Sport harks back to the company’s icon, the Mitsubishi Pajero SFX. Besides from getting attached to the heritage though, you do also get fair bit of additional equipments on the Pajero Sport dual tone models. This includes a DVD player, a cooler box in the boot and ORVM casings with integrated turn indicators.
Underneath the bright dual-paint skin, the Mitsubishi Pajero Sport dual tone retains mechanicals from the standard car. It is under pinned by a ladder frame chassis, featuring a double-wishbone suspension upfront with coil springs and a three link coil spring suspension at the rear. Stabilizer bars are installed underneath the front and rear suspension to prevent excessive body-roll of the vehicle while taking sharp turns.
Powertrain of the new version will continue to be same as that found in the standard car. It will be powered by a 16 valve 2.5 litre turbocharged and inter-cooled four cylinder diesel engine that develops a maximum power output of 178PS @ 4,000 rpm and 400Nm of peak torque between 2,000 rpm and 2,500 rpm. The engine comes mated to a five-speed manual gearbox that channels drive to all of the four wheels via a standard 4WD system. The Mitsubishi Pajero Sport has an ARAI claimed efficiency figure of 12.8 km/l.
The Pajero Sport sold in India is badged as the Mitsubishi Challenger in global markets. The addition of dual-tone paint color schemes will certainly catch attention of a sect of SUV car buyers in India. Also, unlike other models which come with cosmetic upgrades for a limited period of time, the Pajero Sport dual-tone will be available for sale even after the festival period as per an industry source. Future prospects of the model will, however, depend on customer demand for the car.

All rules bent for Vadra a guesthouse in Gur...All rules bent for Robert Vadra'a guesthouse in Gurgaon
By Praveen Jose, TNN | 10 Oct, 2014, 03.32PM IST
A Gurgaon resident, filed an RTI application in 2013 which revealed that separate building plans for both plots in Mayfield Garden were approved in November 2010.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GURGAON: Every single rule appears to have been overlooked when it came to a guesthouse Robert Vadra allegedly built on two plots of land in Gurgaon, indicating the cosy relationship the Gandhi son-in-law enjoyed with the Hooda government in Haryana.
In its Thursday edition, TOI had reported how RTI pleas to uncover the details of a plot registered in the name of Vadra were stonewalled. TOI now has documents which show that not only was a single structure built on two plots of land (one owned by Vadra, the other by a private company), but also that an application for change of land use (CLU) from residential to commercial was being processed only after the building was completed, both of which are in gross violation of the law.
Dharamvir Yadav, a Gurgaon resident, filed an RTI application in 2013 which revealed that separate building plans for both plots in Mayfield Garden (N29 owned by Vadra, and N30 by a private company) were approved in November 2010. But work on a single structure — the guesthouse — straddling both plots commenced in 2011. Yadav claims the building was completed by March 2014.
After this, Satpal Thakran, another resident of the same colony, filed an RTI query in May this year seeking further details of the plots, but these got stonewalled by authorities who cited Vadra's request not to disclose details.
TOI is now in possession of correspondence between the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and District Town Planner (DTP) over CLU permissions and occupation certificates, which show how rules were bent at every stage.
A senior official from the department of town and country planning said on the condition of anonymity: "According to norms, the plots cannot be granted CLU nor can they be merged to run a guesthouse unless both the plots are owned by a single person, which they clearly are not."
"As per norms, it is not possible for them to get a CLU, nor is it possible to run a guesthouse on the plots. The two questions here that need to be answered is who owns plot N30 and whether an approved building plan for a single structure on both plots was passed," he said.
Sources in the DTP office in Gurgaon, however, said all they have are two separate building plans for the two plots that were approved in November 2010.
"The policy specifying rules and regulations on setting up of guesthouses was notified by the department of town and country planning in 2012. Why did Vadra not apply for a CLU then itself and wait till August this year?" said Yadav, who had filed the first RTI.
Thakran claimed that he along with Yadav had visited the building last week. "There are about 25 rooms inside the building and it is one single structure," he claimed.

Why investors shouldn t be euphoric on Infy results!You are here: Home > Collections
Investors needn’t be euphoric after Infosys Q2 performance
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 11.19AM IST
Tags:
Earnings Announcement
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Infosys, one of India's largest IT services exporter, surprised the Street with better than expected bottom line and margins. The company has also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
The stock has rallied over 5 per cent on the back of strong PAT and the company's decision to issue bonus shares.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"This quarter was slightly better than our expectations on the growth front and as well as on the bottom line front. The fact that they have been able to retain their guidance in this quarter for the annual numbers clearly suggests that in the upcoming quarters also, they are looking at a reasonable amount of growth coming in," said Rajiv Mehta, EVP Research Analyst, IIFL India Private Clients to ET Now.
So does Infosys make a good buy at current levels?
According to initial reactions from analysts tracking the stock, investors should not read too much in Q2 results and be cautious of the stock.
"The numbers came out pretty well but I will not be so euphoric right now. The reason is this is the last quarter where the existing management had executed on. The strategy is still the same that the old management went on," said Trip Chowdhry, Global Equities Research.
"We have a new management in place where new strategies which will take shape and it will take a few quarters to get the whole strategy play around. I do not think investors should jump on the stock based on the current numbers," he added.
According to Mehta, while the guidance suggests that the second half is going to be reasonably good, the risk reward is not favourable.
"We think that given the kind of run-up in the share price that we have seen and especially today with these kind of numbers, incremental upside in the stock in the short to medium term seems to be limited. So we would not want to change our neutral or a market performer rating on the stock unless we really find something exciting in the conference call from a strategic point of view," Mehta told ET Now.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 3,881.70, up 6.48 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 3886.80 and a low of Rs 3600 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buyback best way to use cash  not bonus: Ex-Infosys CFO PaiOct 10, 2014, 06.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Buyback best way to use cash, not bonus: Ex-Infosys CFO Pai
Mohandas Pai, former chief financial officer, Infosys says the company's shareholders must question the new management on how they choose to spend the extra money. The company shouldn’t let the money stay in its balance sheets as the management is likely to succumb to pressure and make large acquisitions, adds Pai.

Investing in company FD 6 things you shouldn t missLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Investing in company FD? 6 things you shouldn't miss
The major benefits of investing in company fixed deposits are high interest, flexibility of tenure and no Income Tax is deducted at source if the interest income is up to Rs 5,000 in one financial year.
Post your opinion here
Adhil Shetty
BankBazaar.com
There are a number of investment options for people these days. However, bank fixed deposits (FDs) are still one of the most popular options as here your capital is secure and you get a good amount once the FD gets matured.
However, if you are looking for much higher returns, then company FDs are a viable option for you. In the past few years, company FDs have become quite popular and at times are far more lucrative than the ones being provided by the private and public sector banks. Company Fixed Deposits are fast becoming a popular investment option due to the fact that they offer high returns, but you need to exercise utmost caution and take an informed decision.
The major benefits of investing in company fixed deposits are high interest, flexibility of tenure and no Income Tax is deducted at source if the interest income is up to Rs 5,000 in one financial year
No matter how lucrative a company FD may be, before investing there are certain points that you should take into consideration:
Company FDs are risky: Company FDs are tempting due to the high rate of interest that they provide as compared to FDs offered by private and public sector banks. However, they are an unsafe investment option.  As they are not secured against the assets of the company, the chances of default in payment of interest and principal is significantly higher than banks.
TDS deduction: You have to be careful regarding the deduction of TDS. In the case of company fixed deposit, TDS is deducted if your interest income crosses Rs 5000, but in the case of a bank fixed deposit, TDS is only deducted after your interest income crosses Rs 10,000.
Offer higher rate of interest: If you are looking for high interest returns, then company FDs are the perfect investment option for you. As the risk involved in company FDs are much more as compared to bank FDs, the interest rates are generally higher.
Need for Safeguards: You should always check the rating of the company before investing in that company’s fixed deposit. Financial institutions such as CRISIL and ICRA rate the companies and their FDs. If a company FD has a rating of AAA, it means that it is a safe and secure investment. However, tread with caution if the rating is lower as there could be numerous risks involved.
Check the background of the company: After all, it is your money that you are investing and as such you need to be extra careful. Do not rush into anything. Do thorough checks before you invest your money in a company FD. Do a thorough research on the company’s background, past performance, customer service and financial performance. Also do a proper research on the directors or promoters of the company. This will give you a fair idea whether the company is secure enough for investment purposes.
If the company is low on rating, go for a short term FD: If you plan to invest in a company which is low on ratings it is always advisable that you go in for a short term investment. If you feel that the company is not performing well, you can always opt for another company. But in case of long-term investment you will be stuck with the company for a long time and if the company defaults or goes bankrupt you may end up losing a substantial part of your investment.
In the ultimate analysis, since company fixed deposits are unsecured investments, you run a higher risk of losing your money than a bank fixed deposit, but interest rates or returns are far higher. Especially in these times of inflation, returns from bank fixed deposits may eventually turn out to be very small. But if as an investor you value safety most, then you should go for bank deposits. In any case, you should seek professional advice before investing in company FDs.
Before investing in any company fixed desposit, please carefully go through the application form, financial statements and other information pertaining to the company offering the fixed deposit.
To sum up: An informed decision and cautious approach would ensure safety for your money as well as lucrative returns!
BankBazaar.com is an online marketplace where you can instantly get the lowest loan rates , compare and apply online for your personal loan, home loan, car loan and credit card from India's leading banks and NBFCs.
RELATED NEWS

Motor insurance: Why you need to know about no claim bonus 
The Convenience of Transferability
Not having a single claim in a policy year sure does deserve a reward, and there is no better way than a No Claim Bonus. But what happens in case of purchase of a new vehicle or, you wish to change your insurer? Even under such situations, your NCB could still be utilised.  You wouldn't have to lose out on this benefit, in times of a change. The fact is that the No Claim Bonus is governed by the policy holder’s driving and claim history, and not on the vehicle or other factors. 
When you purchase a new vehicle:
>> Transfer is to be between vehicles of the same kind. So typically you wouldn’t be able to do a transfer of NCB of a two wheeler to a new car.
>> You would need to submit a fresh proposal form.
>> Pay up a nominal fee for the transfer of insurance and recovery of NCB from the date of transfer till policy expiry.
>> Ensure ownership is transferred. Also make a photocopy of the new entry in the RC book for insurance purposes.
When you renew your policy with another insurer:
>> Ask for the NCB certificate or holding letter, which comes with three year validity. This letter is valid for three years.
>> This would serve as a proof of NCB accumulated from the old insurer.
Making the most of your NCB
No Claim Bonus as a benefit is only available under certain conditions.
>> You can’t expect to get a NCB in case of a claim, however small it may be. Thus to make the most out of your NCB, avoid making small claims. So if there is a dent or a minor damage, it is better to get them rectified from your own pocket expenses.
>> Your policy must be renewed before 90 days of its expiry. Once you cross 90 days, you can’t expect to get a NCB. Thus renew your policy on time.
The author is the CEO of MyInsuranceClub.com, an online insurance price & features comparison portal.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Silvermic April contract trades lowerOct 10, 2014, 03.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silvermic April contract trades lower
Silvermic prices on MCX slipped. MCX Silvermic April contract was trading at Rs 39822 down Rs 124, or 0.31 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silvermic April contract trades lower
Silvermic prices on MCX slipped. MCX Silvermic April contract was trading at Rs 39822 down Rs 124, or 0.31 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:43 hrs MCX SILVERMIC November contract was trading at Rs 38500 down Rs 146, or 0.38 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 38680 and an intraday low of Rs 38310. So far 23851 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 5500, or 12.50 percent in the November series so far.
MCX SILVERMIC February contract was trading at Rs 39200 down Rs 129, or 0.33 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39235 and an intraday low of Rs 39011. So far 1164 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved up Rs 255, or 0.65 percent in the February series so far.
MCX SILVERMIC April contract was trading at Rs 39822 down Rs 124, or 0.31 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39921 and an intraday low of Rs 39412. So far 15 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 477, or 1.18 percent in the April series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Ebola joke draws intense response on planeebola joke draws intense response on plane
Someone should preserve Hong Kongs protest art before its too lateTie a yellow ribbon ’round the old concrete pillar.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
The aforementioned umbrella tree sculpture and a massive canopy made of stitched together umbrellas:
Tap image to zoom
Instant shade.(Reuters/Tyrone Siu)
Not to mention dozens of banners in English and Cantonese (and cartoons, like the one that depicts student activist Joshua Wong as Batman ):
Tap image to zoom
“I want a real general election,” the center banner reads.(Reuters/Carlos Barria)
When, and how, will all of this protest art come down? The protests are technically illegal, held under a constant threat that the government will order police to clear the sites.
And while there are more important things at stake, namely the political future of Hong Kong, it would be a shame if the protest banners, statues, and other cultural artifacts were lost or destroyed. They would make an excellent permanent exhibition about Hong Kong’s 2014 democracy movement, regardless of its outcome.
Such an exhibition is unlikely to be held at Hong Kong’s government-run museum of history . Local theater blog  HKELD said today that it is contacting galleries and museums in Hong Kong, seeking preservationists to give a home to the art. A private dealer and collector has offered to store a few key works, including “umbrella man” and notes from the Lennon Wall, the blog noted in an update this evening.
It might not hurt to look farther afield, too. London’s Victoria & Albert Museum’s ongoing “ Disobedient Objects ” exhibition examines “the role of objects in movements for social change,” and displays “arts of rebellion from around the world.” Right now the show includes suffragette teacups, inflatable cobblestones, and orange dwarf hats worn to protest against communism in Poland in 1988, among other things. A few umbrellas would fit right in.
Share this:

Microsoft CEO Criticised for Suggesting  Women Don t Need to Ask for RaiseMicrosoft CEO Criticised for Suggesting  Women Don t Need to Ask for Raise
Award will give strength to children s struggle: SatyarthiAward will give strength to children s struggle: Satyarthi
Brent falls below $90 to near four-year low as rout extendsBrent falls below $90 to near four-year low as rout extends
Hold Andhra Bank  says Akshata DeshmukhHold Andhra Bank  says Akshata Deshmukh
Sensex plunges 340 pointsSensex plunges 340 points
100 Days of Modi GovtPrime Minister Narendra Modi at BRICS summit in Brazil. (Source: IE archive) 
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: May 28, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: July 27, 2014 8:53 pm
With Narendra Modi taking charge as the Prime Minister of India, we track the first 100 days of his government. While the focus will be on major policy decisions and actions, we will also keep track of his visits, meetings and announcements.
Watch the dynamic timeline below: 
Earlier poll below

China reveals $10bn in fake tradeChina hot money crackdown reveals $10bn in fake trade
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6cdc8596-4498-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New life for a former funeral homeNew life for a former funeral home
Caption
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home.
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home. (Michael Poehlman Photography)
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home.
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home. (Adam Jablonski photography)
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home.
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home. (Michael Poehlman Photography)
Michael Poehlman Photography
Stephanie Wirth (pictured left), co-founder of Leo Designs, Ltd., with home owner Megan Madion.
Stephanie Wirth (pictured left), co-founder of Leo Designs, Ltd., with home owner Megan Madion. (Michael Poehlman Photography)
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home.
Chicago's Leo Designs selected furnishings and finishes for the Traverse City home. (Michael Poehlman Photography)
Architecture
"Life can get so cluttered. I wanted to make sure that this home felt clean and simple," explains Megan Madion, of the home in Traverse City, Mich., that she shares with her husband, Mike Nizzi, and their three children.
The four-bedroom house, which is at the corner of a historic residential street and the downtown commercial district, was originally a funeral home. Later it served as the headquarters of the National Cherry Festival. "I remember thinking that I would love to own that building one day," Madion says. "Most of the buildings downtown were old Victorians. I lived in Chicago for about 12 years and always loved all the commercial buildings that had been rehabbed as lofts."
8
When Madion discovered that the building was for sale, she quickly put in an offer despite the fact that she had already commissioned an architect, Suzannah Tobin, to design a new house for her on a different lot. "Megan wasn't going to be able to do what she wanted in that (location)," Tobin says, noting that it had an association with strict rules about the exterior design. "Too much of her personality was being compromised. Megan doesn't like to do anything that's predictable."
To make the former funeral home feel more like a residence, Tobin eliminated three of its original five entrances and created a front door that faces the historical residential street. "We wanted it to feel part of the neighborhood," the architect explains.
0
While construction commenced, Tobin and Madion's college friend, interior designer, Stephanie Wirth, of Leo Designs in Chicago, began selecting furnishings and finishes. "Megan loves comfort, but she wanted drama too, and she's willing to take risks," Wirth says, pointing to the entry foyer, where she placed a bent stainless steel chair with a bright orange finish and a rope lighting pendant. "Every home should have something unique, and Megan is willing to bring in those elements."
To create more volume in the family spaces on the first floor, Tobin eliminated the second-floor rooms over the central part of the house. A bridge with a built-in office space for Madion connects the second-floor master bedroom on one side of the house with the children's wing on the other side of the house.
"The upstairs was flooded with light, so I knew if we made it into a two-story space, we'd be able to create these giant windows facing east that would bring light into both levels," Tobin says. "Before, it was dark, mazelike and compartmentalized. Now the home is bright and airy with a very loftlike feeling."
At Wirth's urging, Madion agreed to paint the brick white and to stain the natural floors with a rich, dark brown stain. "Initially I didn't want to paint the brick, but Stephanie said that it was hideous," Madion says, noting that she's glad that she followed her advice. "We duked it out on a couple of things, but when push came to shove, Stephanie usually won. She has an incredible eye."
The brick that was displaced to create the windows has been reused to build a new fireplace in the living room and a kitchen island. "We wanted to keep some of the original elements," Wirth says. She also designed the kitchen cabinetry to blend into the walls. "We didn't use hardware on the doors. There's a lot of storage, but everything is brilliantly hidden."
While removing so much of the second floor flooded the home with natural light, it also left very little space for the children's bedrooms. That was the plan, says Madion. "We didn't have a lot of privacy growing up, and I think that's a healthy lifestyle," she says. "We wanted the family to be together more, so we created little pod bedrooms for the kids." To conserve space, the closets include a built-in desk and sliding barn-style doors.
Next to the bedrooms is a large space designed specifically for the children to hang out. The room is filled with plush beanbag chairs covered with neutral linen, a wicker coffee table and rope-covered side tables. "It's a fun hangout room for the kids, but sophisticated enough for adults to enjoy too," Wirth says.
On the opposite side of the home, Wirth created a peaceful master bedroom retreat with white walls and custom linens of her own design. Barn-style double doors slide open to the master bathroom, where the tub is in the center of the room. "A lot of boutique hotels in Europe have a bathtub in the middle of the room, and we wanted to re-create that feeling here," Wirth says.
According to both Tobin and Wirth, Madion is not your typical client. "You have to be someone with exceptional vision to see the potential in an old funeral home, and that's Megan," Wirth says. "Working on such a unique property was very exciting."
Madion says that the home is an ideal place to entertain her large family, which includes seven siblings and 27 nieces and nephews, all of whom live in Traverse City.
"We entertain a lot," Madion says. "This home is both beautiful and functional. Everything worked out perfectly."
High style, low stress
Create a casual home with high style with these tips from Leo Designs co-founder Stephanie Wirth.
To create a casual, relaxed look in the living room, Wirth incorporated long draperies that create a huge spill on the floor. "They soften the room and make it feel cozy," she says.
Wirth covered a pair of comfortable sofas from Montauk with linen slipcovers over linen upholstery. "If anybody spills, there's a backup plan," Wirth says.
Have a sense of humor. A set of custom, ball-shaped pillows add a touch of whimsy in the family room; mushroom-shaped ottomans do the same for the living room. "The ottomans are functional, soft and really cool," Wirth says. "The kids love them."
Think inside the bag. In a hangout room designed for the children, Wirth incorporated beanbag chairs with custom upholstery.

All 4 States Considering A Minimum Wage Increase Right Now Are RepublicanAll 4 States Considering A Minimum Wage Increase Right Now Are Republican
CNBC  | By                                                                Kate Rogers
reddit
US President Barack Obama gives a thumbs-up as he walks from Marine One upon arrival on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, July 26, 2013, after returning from Camp David where he attended a retreat with members of his Cabinet. AFP PHOTO / Saul LOEB        (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images)
With midterm elections just one month away, businesses owners have plenty of worries including rising health-care costs and regulations. But one issue in particular looms large: the minimum wage.
Four states have proposals on their ballots to raise the minimum wage beyond the federal, hourly rate of $7.25—Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota. Notice a trend? All four are red states, and voter-approved wage gains in those predominantly Republican states could bolster the push for higher living wages—a key policy area for President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats.
While minimum wage often is perceived as a liberal issue, there's support for the cause across party lines nationwide, said Holly Sklar, director of Business for a Fair Minimum Wage, a national group.
"Among the American public generally, and even among business people, there's strong support in red states," Sklar said. "It's much less partisan than the way it comes across in Congress."
Fast-food strikers have sought to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, while President Obama has worked to raise the federal hourly rate to $10.10 for federal contractors. Those efforts, though, have been stymied, and the outcome of the midterm elections could serve as important ammunition for both sides of the aisle.
On the November ballots, proposals in the four states seek to raise hourly wages to as high as $9.75. Hundreds of thousands of workers would be affected if voters in all four states approved the wage measures.
Currently, 26 states plus Washington, D.C. have or will have wages above the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour by 2015, according to the National Employment Law Project.
But what's the potential impact to small businesses, where cost changes potentially are felt more sharply compared with larger employers?
More On CNBC:
In liberal cities, minimum wage puts businesses in a bind
A hit for small businesses
In Anchorage, Alaska, a November ballot measure seeks to raise the state minimum wage to $9.75 an hour by 2016, from $7.75 now. Kevin Turkington is president of Midnight Sun Home Care, which does errands and housekeeping for its elderly customers. He'll be voting "no" on the wage proposal on Election Day.
Turkington already pays his caregivers in the range of $13 to $16 an hour depending on their experience and skill sets. But based on state laws for caregivers, his workers can work 12-hour shifts and 24-hour live-in shifts. And wages for those longer shifts are pegged to the state's hourly minimum wage.
Under Alaska's current hourly wage rate of $7.75, Turkington says he's able to keep costs down for at-home long-term care that's roughly half the cost of staying at a nursing facility or some assisted-living homes. A higher minimum wage means higher prices for consumers.
"My concern is what it will do to the costs of care for those elderly and vulnerable adults, who depend on the care they need staying within reach," said Turkington in an email to CNBC. "It's not just raising the wage. It's raising the cost of the goods and services we all use."
Gary Burtless, labor market researcher at the Brookings Institution, says the November ballot initiatives likely will be unpopular among smaller employers. "The small-business community will be opposed to it—especially in areas like the fast food industry and the low-cost lodging industry," Burtless said.
And some local businesses that must pay higher wages than the federal level also face an unfair advantage, Burtless said. In Seattle, for example, the city council in June voted to raise the hourly minimum wage to $15, more than double the federal rate of $7.25.
"This will increase your costs, but won't impact someone right across the city line," he said. "That really has more competitive impacts on your business than would a nationwide increase at the same level."
Higher wage benefits
Of course other business owners disagree and support wage gains.
Michael Kanter's business Cambridge Naturals sells natural foods. He's based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, which will have one of the highest hourly wages of any state, $11 by 2017.
Kanter already pays his workers well above minimim wage, at $12 an hour, and said it has never crossed his mind to lower wages. "It helps retain employees to pay them more money," he said.
And content employees creates a positive ripple effect for the company. "They're more likely to stay with us; they're happier on the job and communicate the value of our business to customers," Kanter said. "It's a valuable multiplier effect."
That includes employee retention. "We look at retaining employees as a real investment," he said.
Arun Ivatury, campaign strategist at the NELP, argues positives outweigh the negatives for small companies, when it comes to increased wages.
"Consumers don't take notice or change behaviors with small increases on the minimum wage, which lead to less than 5 percent in prices," Ivatury said. "On the other hand, when you increase wages for folks that don't have enough to live on, they immediately spend on the kinds of items small businesses sell."
More:

Disturbing Number Of Waitresses Have Been Harassed By Customersreddit
If you’re a waitress, sexual harassment is just part of the job.
Eighty percent of women working in the restaurant industry report being harassed by customers at some point, according to a new report from Restaurant Opportunities Centers United , an organization aimed at improving conditions for restaurant workers.
A big source of the problem: tips. Servers rely on the generosity of strangers to make a living, so they need strangers to like them. Of the 688 restaurant workers ROC interviewed for the survey, women working in tipped eateries in states using the federal tipped minimum wage reported the highest rates of sexual harassment. In those states, restaurants only have to pay tipped workers $2.13 an hour and customers furnish the rest of their wages.
Female restaurant workers are subject to frequent sexual harassment.
The tipped minimum wage hasn’t gone up since 1991 , and it currently sits at a record low 29.4 percent of the regular minimum wage, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank focused on low-wage workers.
For female restaurant workers in this situation, the pressure to be sexy is intense. Oft-fickle managers will do whatever is in their power to encourage plum checks and that often means reserving better shifts and tables for servers willing to dress a certain way or flirt with customers, according to Susan Schurman, dean of Rutgers School of Management and Labor Relations. Two-thirds of female restaurant workers said they experienced some kind of sexual harassment from management on at least a monthly basis, according to the report. At the same time, capricious customers, who may feel entitled to more than they're owed, have a huge say in how much servers get paid via tips.
“It is endemic in that industry,” Schurman said, noting that "hey baby" calls that were part of her waitressing experience decades ago haven't disappeared. “There’s an assumption that if you’re in that job, you’re probably not making a lot of money and maybe you’re interested in earning something else.”
The harassment problem isn't exclusive to women -- more than half of male servers reported being sexually harassed by customers as well. But the fact that waitresses are so frequently subject to sexual harassment is particularly alarming given the way the part-time, low-wage recovery has pushed many women into these kinds of jobs. Jobs in low-wage sectors such as retail and restaurants have boomed in recent years, while middle-income work has slowly eroded.
And women are more likely to hold these jobs: Two-thirds of minimum-wage workers are female. Between 2009 and 2013, 35 percent of women's job gains were in low-wage work compared with 18 percent of men's, according to the National Women's Law Center. Women also make up two-thirds of tipped restaurant workers, the ROC study found .
The kinds of inappropriate things customers say to these women run the gamut from sexual teasing and questions to pressure to go on dates. More than one-third of the women ROC surveyed reported being touched or pinched by a customer. Many of these women are hesitant to acknowledge the experiences as anything more than just part of the environment, the report found.
Post by Laura Ramadei .
Laura Ramadei's Facebook post about her experience with a customer went viral.
It’s easy to see why they don’t bring it up. Laura Ramadei made headlines earlier this year after calling out a man on Facebook for putting his hand “ever so gently -- ON MY ASS” (emphasis hers) during a bartending shift. The man denied touching Ramadei to The New York Post, but did acknowledge quipping to her, “I would like you to go with nothing on it.”
He also described Ramadei’s post as “pretty ridiculous,” calling her a “f--king c--t.”
Still, after Ramadei posted her screed, she got scores of messages of support from servers who shared stories of even worse experiences.
"I think it went viral largely because so many people related to it," she said in an interview. "There can be confusion around I'm serving you and I'm bringing you alcohol and I'm bringing you food and you think you're entitled to more."
In her Facebook post, Ramadei noted that she was wearing “a loose fitting, long-sleeve shirt, jeans and no makeup” and was still a target for harassment. But one thing that can increase the likelihood of unwanted sexual attention is when restaurants require workers to wear gendered uniforms, the ROC report found.
Those types of environments are pretty common. At eateries where workers have a dress code and not a strict uniform, women are often pressured “to wear something that’s a little more sexy,” Schurman said. Among workers with uniforms, nearly three-quarters of tipped employees reported that the women's outfits were more suggestive than the men's, the ROC report found .
In fact, the country’s fastest-growing restaurant chain, Twin Peaks, thrives on this sort of thing . Waitresses get graded on their hair, makeup and “slenderness,” according to Businessweek. Their uniforms consist of fur boots, short khaki shorts and belly shirts that accentuate their cleavage. They’re also expected to flirt with customers.
And that's good for business. Darren Tristano, executive vice president of Technomic, told Businessweek of the chain’s success , “the results at Twin Peaks are higher because of the sexual appeal of its servers." Adding, “The customers, who are almost entirely male, make their decision based on that.”
More:

People Are Cutting Back On Food And Health Care To Afford TechnologyPeople Are Cutting Back On Food And Health Care To Afford Technology
CNBC
reddit
CNBC: Nearly half of Americans have cut back on spending, including for travel, food and health care, in order to afford their technology.
The CNBC All-America Economic Survey found that 49 percent of the 805 respondents economize to afford technology. The nationwide survey, with margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percent, found the top way to save for technology, chosen by about a third, is to cut back on traditional entertainment such as movies and restaurants. But 20 percent report cutting back on clothing, 11 percent purchase less food and 10 percent have reduced spending on health care.
Two groups that stood out as skimping the most to keep up with the Tech Joneses: women between the age of 18 and 49 and people with incomes between $50,000 and $75,000. Nearly 60 percent of respondents in both of these groups have reduced spending to afford technology.
Read More: Confidence in Obama on economy sinks to new low
When it comes to which technology is the most important, Americans clearly choose the cellphone. Asked which bills they definitely would pay if they ran into hard times, 39 percent said they would make sure to get a check in the mail for their cellphones, compared with 28 percent for Internet services and 20 percent for pay television, such as satellite or cable. But just 46 percent felt totally committed to paying their credit card bills, just five points above the response for paying for cellphone bills.
By contrast, 92 percent say the definitely would pay their mortgage or rent bill and 90 percent would make sure to pay the utility bills. Seniors were the most committed to paying the cable bill.
More than half of Americans report paying more for technology, with 31 percent saying they do so because it's more expensive and 13 percent because they are just buying more technology. Nine percent cited both reasons.
More from CNBC:

States get 6 more months to roll out food security planStates get 6 more months to roll out food security plan
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 19:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Centre on Thursday gave six more months to state governments to implement the landmark Food Security Act that give legal entitlement to highly subsidised foodgrains to two-thirds of the country's population.
The food law, which came into force in July last year, was to be implemented by state governments within a year by July 4, 2014. But the deadline was extended by three months till October 4 as many states could not put in place the necessary infrastructure for rolling out the welfare scheme.
"The deadline for state governments to implement the food law expired on October 4. We have given six months more time till April 4 for implementing the law," Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan told reporters in New Delhi.
So far, 11 states have implemented the law. Of which, only five states have implemented the scheme fully, he said, adding that around 25 states and UTs are yet to implement it.
In September last year, Parliament had passed the Food Security Act under which each eligible person would get 5 kg of of rice and wheat at Rs 3 and Rs 2 per kg respectively. The existing Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) households, poorest of the poor, will continue to receive 35 kg of foodgrains per family a month.
The implementation of the law would increase the Centre's food subsidy bill by Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 1.31 lakh crore while the grains requirement would rise by 6-8 million tonnes from the current 55 million tonnes annually.
Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra, have fully implemented the Act; while Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Chandigarh, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar have done it partially, Paswan said.

Musk To Make Big AnnouncementElon Musk is about to unveil the D .
Tesla’s chief executive started the rumor mills humming and the Twitter snark rolling last week when he posted a cryptic -- and lewd seeming --  tweet promising to “unveil the D and something else” this Thursday.
About time to unveil the D and something else pic.twitter.com/qp23yi59i6
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 2, 2014
It seems unlikely that the D is a new vehicle. The electric car-maker has said it is not working on any additional vehicles beyond the forthcoming Model X, an SUV crossover due out as early as next year, or the $35,000 Model 3, which likely won’t go into production until 2017.
But three major theories about the D are:
1. It’s an all-wheel drive Model S
The D, as Business Insider’s Matthew Debord speculates, stands for “dual-motor,” (not another 'D' word that Twitterati were happy to chirp on about) a sign that an an all-wheel drive sedan would contain two electric motors, powering the front and rear wheels. The company has been working on an all-wheel drive car since last year, according to The Verge . A photo surfaced on the forum Tesla Motors Club last week showing a black Model S with the nomenclature P85D emblazoned on the beneath the right rear light.
2. It's a driverless car
Last May, Bloomberg reported that Tesla was in talks with Google to build a driverless car. Musk told CNN’s Rachel Crane last week that Tesla could be 90 percent “capable of autopilot” by next year. The move toward cars that navigate the roads autonomously spooked some Tesla investors last month, after a Morgan Stanley analyst sent out a note speculating that the luxury battery-powered car company would lose its edge in a driverless world.
3. It's a racetrack-worthy Model S
Tesla made its debut in 2007 with the Roadster, a sports car with a price tag that started at about $101,000. Production was discontinued in 2012 as the company switched gears to produce its flagship sedan and expand overseas. But in August, Saleen Automotive, which manufactures custom car parts and souped-up versions of some car brands, officially began accepting orders for the $152,000 Foursixteen, a beefed up Model S. It’s unclear how well the vehicle sold, but perhaps Tesla wants a piece of the action. Electrek , an electric car blog, reported on Wednesday that the Model S P85D would go from 0 to 60 miles per hour in under three seconds -- making the company's flagship car worthy of the German Autobahn.
On stage at Vanity Fair’s New Establishment Summit on Wednesday, Musk hinted that at least one of the things he planned to reveal was already a latent feature.
“One of the things is already there, and people just don’t realize it,” Musk said. “The Internet is very good at guessing these things. [They’re ] directionally correct, but the magnitude is not appreciated yet.”
More:

Epilogue: Witch panicsKathy Sierra, who left the Internet after being subjected to persistent and ugly harassment, published an important essay on Wednesday about what it meant to see one of her harassers become a kind of folk hero of the Internet age . And Jess Zimmerman wrote a great follow-up , arguing that “we may think we’re past the crude mob abuse of the Puritan witch panic, but there is a vocal and popular contingent of men who are instantly suspicious of a woman with anything approaching power.”
One thing that I have noticed about these particular dynamics is how much perception of online harassment seems to depend on direct experience of it, or experience with someone who has been harassed or pursued in that way. So I would love to know: How many of you have known someone who has been harassed or threatened online? And how did it change your perception of the Internet?
Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis in the 1984 movie “Ghostbusters.” (AP file photo)
• You should read Jonathan Chait’s provocative argument that football has become the target of a moral panic , so we can talk about it sometime next week!
• If you were looking for complex theories about “American Horror Story,” have at this one .

Bulb Still Burning After 100-Plus Years as GE Brings Business Back to USABC News
Livermore, California, is home to what residents say is the world’s longest-burning light bulb.
Made by the Shelby Electric Co. of Ohio, it’s been shining bright, without a flicker, at the town’s firehouse since 1901.
“It just keeps hanging on,” said Dick Jones, a member of the Livermore Centennial Light Bulb Committee. “Everybody loves the bulb.”
Thomas Edison, the inventor of the incandescent light bulb, would be proud.
The bulb is 3 inches long and made of hand-blown glass and carbon filament. Firefighters said that it’s about 60 watts and that scientists around the world remained puzzled by it.
Jones said the firehouse even runs a webcam so enthusiasts can watch the light bulb .
“We run it 24 hours a day,” he said. “Anybody in the world can get on the website, go there and see the bulb. … We don’t dust it. We don’t wash it. We have a lot of people think we change it out at night.”
And Edison would also light up at this news: Across the country, from the firehouse, the lights are back on in three GE plants — from Matoon, Illinois, to Circleville, Ohio — with new bulbs rolling off the belt.
In 2010, GE closed its last U.S. factory producing plain, old incandescent light bulbs . New energy standards had phased out the old bulbs, forcing Americans to switch to compact fluorescent and other bulbs. At the time, GE sent production overseas.
GE, though, has invested tens of millions of dollars in new technology to create brand-new, state-of-the-art halogen light bulbs that look like its old ones and are now made in the US. Just a month ago, they had been made in China.
They’re 28 percent more energy efficient, save American families about $80 a year and have led to the hiring of 100 new US workers.
Ruth Meyers, who worked at GE for 21 years, said the light bulbs were a source of pride for her and her family.
“I go into a store and I look up and say, ‘Hey, there’s our GE light bulbs up there,’” she said.

China s Economy Likely Wobbled in September on Softer DemandRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Beijing: Softer domestic demand probably pulled down growth in China's imports, investment and retail sales to multi-month or multi-year lows in September, raising questions about whether policymakers should do more to fight the economic slowdown.
Fading momentum worldwide would add to bets that the world's second-largest economy likely slowed in the third quarter as its sagging housing market increasingly weighed on other sectors.
Retail sales likely grew at their slowest pace in about 3-1/2 years in September, rising 11.7 per cent from a year ago, a Reuters poll of economists showed.
Fixed-asset investment, one of the two biggest drivers of the economy alongside domestic consumption, is also expected to show further signs of faltering, posting its worst performance in nearly 13 years.
Growth is seen at 16.2 per cent between January and September compared with the year-ago period, a level not seen since December 2001.
Reflecting softer domestic demand, imports probably fell 2.7 per cent in terms of value in September from a year earlier, the biggest drop in six months. The weak figure could put additional downward pressure on already sliding global commodity prices.
"The Chinese economy probably continued its downward trend in the third quarter," said Shen Minggao, an economist at Citi. "The property drag reshaped the investment landscape, and its downside has not been contained due to policy hesitation."
As a result of the broad slowdown, producer deflation was expected to have persisted for the 31st consecutive month as producer prices fell 1.5 per cent.
Annual consumer inflation was also seen cooling to a two-year low of 1.7 per cent in October.
The export sector is the only part of the economy expected to show any signs of buoyancy. Export growth was seen quickening to 11.8 per cent in September from a year ago, up from 9.4 per cent in August.
Growth in factory output was also predicted to have picked up to 7.5 per cent on an annual basis, but only because it had touched a six-year low of 6.9 percent in August.
Property still weak
In a bid to stem the slide in the property market, China cut mortgage rates for second-home buyers last week by giving them a 30 per cent discount on loans. Downpayment levels were also lowered to 30 per cent from 60-70 per cent.
The move, which some economists have described as China's most important policy change this year, was aimed at bolstering a housing market that accounts for about 15 percent of China's economy and affects 40 industries from steel to cement.
It was the first time China has cut mortgage rates since the 2008/09 global financial crisis.
Yet some analysts doubt the worst is over. A glut of unsold homes should weigh on future property investment, they argued.
"We expect property construction to slow further after the 'Golden Season'", said Tao Wang, an economist at UBS in Hong Kong, referring to the months of September and October, the usual peak season for home sales.
"This, in turn, should impose an increasingly negative drag on demand and production in other industries," she said.
Indeed, the impact from a flurry of stimulus measures unveiled earlier in the year already seems to be waning.
Whether China decides to further loosen policy would depend on whether its leaders are prepared to stomach slower economic growth - and likely higher unemployment - in exchange for a model of economic development that is less reliant on easy credit.
Despite public comments by senior Chinese leaders that China's monetary policy has not been loosened this year to stoke economic growth, data suggested otherwise.
The amount of new loans that were disbursed in the first eight months of this year was up 5 per cent compared with the same period last year.
A central bank official was also quoted as saying in July that Chinese banks are likely to extend 9.5 trillion yuan of new loans this year in their strongest lending surge since the global financial crisis.
Economists predicted that liquidity conditions were little changed in September.
Growth in broad M2 money supply probably grew 12.9 per cent, slightly under a 13 per cent annual target, while banks disbursed 735 billion yuan ($119.9 billion) of new loans, up from 702.5 billion yuan last month.
Foreign exchange reserves were seen at $4.07 trillion at the end of the third quarter, up from $3.99 trillion in the previous quarter.
(1 US dollar = 6.1299 Chinese yuan)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

In RSS-backed school  students get a Narendra Modi crash courseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shazia Ilmi on BJP stage  fuels speculation of joining partyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IT Stocks Gain After Infosys  Earnings Beat EstimatesGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
IT stocks gained sharply on Friday following better than estimated numbers and a bonus share declaration from Infosys.
Infosys shares gained sharply over 7 per cent to hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 3,908, while HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra were up over one per cent each. The CNX IT index, which tracks IT companies rose nearly 2.5 per cent.
India's Second largest outsourcer, Infosys reported a net profit of Rs 3,096 crore in the September quarter, beating street expectations. The company's board approved an interim dividend of Rs. 30 per share and a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, leading to a sharp jump in its stock prices buying in other IT stocks as well.
Brokers polled by NDTV had seen Infosys' Q2 net profit at Rs. 2,959 crore. Sales rose to Rs. 13,342 in the September quarter against estimates of Rs. 13,318 crore. Infosys, which has been lagging behind the IT industry, had reported a net profit of Rs. 2,886 crore on sales of Rs. 12,770 crore in the June quarter.
The rupee which fell to a low of 61.35 per dollar on Friday against Thursday's close of 61.05 also stoked the sentiment for IT companies. Most of the earnings for IT companies come in dollar. So a higher dollar value against rupee is positive for IT companies. The rupee has appreciated over one per cent in last one month.
Infosys shares closed 6.6 per cent higher at Rs 3,889 a piece, HCL Tech ended up 2.5 per cent, while Tech Mahindra ended with marginal gains of 0.1 per cent,  outperforming the broader Nifty whiched closed 1.26 per cent lower.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 17:35 (IST)

Tesla revs up China push with Unicom dealTesla strikes deal with China Unicom to build charging network
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/594063da-2f63-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesla powered higher by expansion plansTesla powered higher by expansion plans
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50421002-2168-11e4-b145-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cairn India shares fall; HSBC Cuts to  UnderweightGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares in Cairn India Ltd fell 3.2 per cent on Friday
HSBC downgraded the stock to "underweight" from "neutral" and said the company's production from key oil field in Rajasthan will peak in fiscal year 2016.
Taking into account other production forecasts, HSBC said Cairn's earnings may have already peaked in fiscal year 2014.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US Fed may raise interest rates in mid-2015US Federal Reserve may raise interest rates in mid-2015
Ann Saphir     Las Vegas   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 12:58 IST
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen (Photo: Reuters)
The US Federal Reserve will probably start raising interest rates around mid-2015, two top Fed officials said on Thursday, although both said the exact timing will depend on the economy.
"What we think now is that the capital markets have it more or less right but we don't ourselves know when we're going to do it," Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said in Washington.
"On the basis of our forecasts of the data... It looks like markets more or less have it right - somewhere in the middle of the year."
The US Fed has kept rates near zero since 2008 and has nearly quadrupled its balance sheet to more than US $4 trillion through a series of bond purchase programs in an effort to push borrowing costs down further and boost hiring.
With the US jobless rate at 5.9 per cent and closing in on what the central bank sees as consistent with full employment, officials plan to wrap up their bond buying this month.
Now, investors are rushing to place bets on when rates will rise.
Minutes of the US central bank's September policy meeting, released on Wednesday, showed several officials worried that troubling global growth and a stronger dollar could undercut the US recovery.
Investors took that to mean the Fed would bide its time on rate hikes, and they sent the dollar down and bid stocks up. Futures markets shifted to point to a September hike from July.
The central bank's only official guidance on the timing is that it would wait a "considerable time" after bond-buying ends, a phrase that US Fed Chair Janet Yellen indicated earlier this year meant something along the lines of six months.
Fischer took a step that essentially downgraded the value of the phrase, saying it meant somewhere between two to 12 months, putting investors on notice that it will be economic data, not the passage of time, that will drive policy change.
Speaking in Las Vegas, the president of the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank, John Williams, declined to put any timeframe on the phrase, but did say a mid-2015 rate rise is "a reasonable guess to my mind."
"If the economy or inflation heat up faster than I expect, we should lift rates sooner," said Williams, who will rotate into a voting spot on the Fed's policy-setting panel next year, adding that if progress on those fronts slow, the liftoff should be delayed. He said any difference between the market's view and his own of the timing of liftoff is "small".
William Dudley, the head of the New York Fed, earlier this week also pointed to mid-2015 as the likely rate-hike date.
But James Bullard, president of the St Louis Fed, delivered a warning to investors on Thursday, saying that financial markets were making a "mistake" in betting that borrowing costs would only rise later in 2015. Bullard, citing strengthening gauges of labor markets and inflation, wants the Fed to start raising rates in the first quarter of next year.
"When there is a mismatch it doesn't end well," he said at a conference in St Louis sponsored by his regional Fed bank.
However, Jeffrey Lacker, chief of the Richmond Fed, speaking in Asheville, North Carolina, said he wasn't particularly alarmed by any mismatch in the outlook for a rate hike. "The gap is most likely accounted for by differences in views on how the data is going to come in," he said.
Lacker, among the most hawkish of Fed policymakers, said he probably is on the "early side" among his colleagues in terms of expectations for when rates should rise.
Still, he said, it's "too soon to draw conclusions".
(Reuters)

Clacton prize delivers momentum to UkipClacton prize delivers momentum to Ukip
By George Parker, Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b64cba28-5043-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft chiefs pay comments attackedMicrosoft’s Nadella under fire for women pay comments
By Richard Waters in San Francisco and Najmeh Bozorgmehr in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a07a3bf8-503e-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On PM Narendra Modi  Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga says  history may say  this was the time of India s rebirthHome
Economy
On PM Narendra Modi, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga says 'history may say, this was the time of India's rebirth'
PTI | Washington | Updated:  Oct 10 2014, 13:21  IST
Oct 10 2014, 13:21  IST
 

Amazon to open its first physical store: Report0
New York: Amazon is planning to open its first physical store.
That's according to a report in The Wall Street Journal that said Thursday the largest US e-commerce retailer will open a store in Manhattan ahead of the holiday shopping season. It cites anonymous sources familiar with the matter.
It is not clear if the store will be permanent or a holiday pop up. The newspaper says the store could function as a warehouse and a showcase for inventory.
According to the Wall Street Journal, Amazon will open a store in Manhattan.
#amazon #brick and mortar stores #online shopping
Amazon has never opened a brick-and-mortar store but has installed pick-up lockers in major cities. It has been investing heavily in the speedy fulfilment of orders, including adding six new distribution centres and about 15 sortation centres before the holidays. It operates 40 total distribution centres in the US.
Seattle-based Amazon said it has made no announcements about a location in Manhattan.
Shares fell $7.33, or 2.3 per cent, to $315.37 amid a broader market sell-off on Thursday.
5

 Attrition Level Should Come Down in 2 Quarters: InfosysKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Bangalore: Even as high attrition rates continue to haunt Infosys, the country's second-largest IT services firm is confident of bringing it down to 12-14 per cent in the next two quarters as it gets back to growth trajectory.
The Bangalore-based firm has witnessed steady exits, especially of senior level executives, in the last one and half years.
(Read: 100% bonus for staff | How it impacts investors )
The attrition level grew higher to 20.1 per cent in the July-September 2014 quarter as compared to 19.5 per cent in the previous quarter and 17.3 per cent in Q2 last fiscal year.
In comparison, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) had reported an attrition rate of 12 per cent, while that at Wipro (IT services) and HCL Services stood at about 16 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, in the April-June 2014 quarter (last 12 month basis).
These companies are scheduled to announce their financial results for July-September 2014 quarter later this month.
With Vishal Sikka as its new CEO and a team of leaders, Infosys is looking at arresting the high attrition rate in the next few quarters.
"On LTM basis, it is 20.1 per cent but when you look at it on a month-on-month basis, it has actually come down and stemmed down in the right direction. We are very confident that in next two quarters, we will get it back to where we want it to be," Infosys chief operating officer Pravin Rao said.
He said that historically, attrition rates have hovered around the 12-14 per cent range, adding, "... and that is where we would like to see it."
Infosys made a gross addition of 14,255 employees (net addition of 4,127) during the quarter under review, taking its total headcount to 1,65,411 as of September 30, 2014.
Talking about the efforts Infosys has made to check attrition rates, Mr Rao said the firm has already given about 12,000 promotions.
"We have done a lot of things to fix it," he said, adding that Mr Sikka and other management leaders are engaging with the employees on a regular basis.
In April, Infosys had announced a wage hike of 6-7 per cent for offshore employees and 1-2 per cent onsite employees.
Infosys said it has increased its utilisation rate to 75.2 per cent (including trainees) in the said quarter, while that excluding trainees stood at 82.3 per cent.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 14:41 (IST)

Rupee Extends Losses  Falls to 60.21/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Extends Losses, Falls to 60.21/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 15:18 (IST)
Why Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
The rupee was trading at 61.20/21 compared with its previous close of 61.04/05 on Thursday.
Index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.2 per cent. Nifty was trading down 1 per cent and is being watched for foreign fund flow cues.
Industrial output data due post market on Friday and inflation data next week are key for near-term direction.
Most Asian currencies fell today after weak German export data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Haryana elections: INLD eyes sympathy votes if Om Prakash Chautala s bail is cancelled3
0
Rewari: Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) is eyeing sympathy voted if former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala's bail is cancelled by the Delhi High Court. Chautala, convicted and serving a 10-year jail term in connection with a teachers recruitment scam, appeared before the Delhi High Court on Friday after the CBI filed a petition to cancel his bail for breaking the conditions.
"If his bail gets cancelled, it will benefit the party as we will work harder and ensure our candidates win the maximum number of seats. There will be a lot of sympathy for him. He is an old man and his political rivals are targeting him," INLD Rewari candidate Satish Yadav said.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers' recruitment scam case in 2013. A special CBI court on January 22, 2013, had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10 years in jail for their role in the illegal recruitment of 3,206 junior teachers in 2000.
"If his bail gets cancelled, it will benefit the party as we will work harder and ensure our candidates win the maximum number of seats," INLD Rewari candidate Satish Yadav said.
Chautala, who was granted bail to undergo medical treatment, had allegedly violated its terms by participating in election rallies and campaigning for INLD candidates.
2

Fortune reveals Annual List of the 40 Under 40 Hottest Young Stars in BusinessFortune reveals Annual List of the 40 Under 40 Hottest Young Stars in Business
Sensex slumps over 300 pts  blue-chips lead fallMarket Update: Sensex slumps 340 points to log biggest fall in over two weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday fell nearly 340 points, its biggest fall in over two weeks, due to across-the-board losses in bluechips amid a global sell-off on economic growth concerns, although software firm Infosys surged 6.68 per cent on positive Q2 earnings .
Brokers said besides profit-booking by speculators, a lower closing on other Asian markets and a subdued opening of the European mkarkets on growing concerns about the global economy, after the IMF head warned that Euro-zone could slip into recession, influenced trading sentiments in the domestic market .
The 30-issue BSE Sensex, which had gained 390.49 points in Thursday's trade, fell by 339.90 points (or 1.28 per cent), to 26,297.38, with all the sectoral indices, except IT and Teck, ending in red with losses up to 4 per cent.
On similar lines, the 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty struggled to maintain the 7,900-mark and ended 100.60 points (or 1.26 per cent) down at 7,859.95 after dipping to 7,848.45 intra-day.
Brokers also said that a rally in Infosys on the back of good second quarter earnings, cushioned the fall in the BSE barometer.
Shares of IT major Infosys surged 6.68 per cent to close at 3,888.95 after the company posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every share held.
Of the 30 Sensex scrips, 23 shares ended with losses led by Tata Motors (down 5.3 per cent), Hindalco (4.79 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (4.60 per cent).
Sectorwise, the metal index suffered the most by losing 4.11 per cent, followed by auto index (2.78 per cent), FMCG index (2.56 per cent) and Banking index (1.80 per cent).
Bucking the trend, the IT index gained 2.29 per cent, while Teck index rose 1.17 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore on Thursday.

Infosys sees future in new technology; investors cheer strategy shiftE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Germany: Merkel hints at a shift in economic...As growth in Germany fades, Angela Merkel hints at a shift in economic policy
New York Times Oct 10, 2014, 03.24PM IST
Tags:
(If Germany in fact gives…)
By Jack Ewing and Alison Smale
As evidence grows that the German economy, the largest in Europe, is beginning to stall, Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed a growing willingness to use government spending to stimulate growth, a possible shift in position that could ripple across the entire eurozone.
Merkel's new tack, signaled in a Berlin news conference Thursday, may be partly a response to increasingly clamorous criticism from the International Monetary Fund, independent economists and fellow Europeans that her long-standing emphasis on balancing the federal budget needs to give way to pumping more money into the lethargic German economy.
If Germany in fact gives itself a bit more spending latitude, it would no doubt fuel the demands from its eurozone neighbors, most notably France, to have more budgetary flexibility to stimulate their own economies.
Mainly, though, its neighbors are counting on Germany to lead by example.
As the biggest economy in the 18-member eurozone and the one that in recent years was growing enough to at least partly offset economic softness elsewhere in the region, Germany drives demand in the bloc. Other countries in the region have watched with growing alarm as indicators have suggested that the standard-bearer might be stumbling. International economists have repeatedly called for Germany to stop worrying about balancing its budget and instead invest in economic stimulus.
On Thursday, Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, said in effect that eurozone countries that have enough money should spend it - a clear reference to Germany.
"For governments that have fiscal space, then of course it makes sense to use it," Draghi said during an appearance at the Brookings Institution in Washington. He drew laughter when he added, "You decide to which country this sentence applies."
His comments echoed remarks this week from Christine Lagarde, the head of the IMF.
Discouraging data in recent days, as well as a warning on Thursday by the nation's leading economic institutes that German growth is slowing, also seem to have increased Merkel's willingness to listen to the advice of Draghi and Lagarde.
Faced with what she acknowledged were "somewhat worsened" forecasts for the German economy, Merkel said her government was examining how to encourage investment, particularly in the "digital sphere" and the energy sector.
Merkel did not elaborate, but she could have been referring to ways the government could encourage more Internet startups. Germany, like Europe in general, has never produced anywhere near as much digital innovation as the United States or South Korea.
The reference to energy suggested a new push to Germany's program to abandon nuclear power and expand renewable energy sources. It might be a recognition, too, that lower energy costs in the United States have been luring away investment by German companies. While energy prices in Europe have fallen recently, the region is highly dependent on imported gas and oil, often from countries like Russia or in the Middle East that are unstable partners.
 
The German national statistics office said Thursday that exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August compared with July, more than expected. It was the sharpest drop since 2009, in the aftermath of the global financial crisis. And it was the latest in a series of indications that Germany's export-driven economy was losing momentum, in part because the conflict in Ukraine has made businesses cautious and unwilling to invest.
American policymakers and economists increasingly are worried that Europe's economic problems will weigh on domestic growth by reducing demand for exports from the United States and by suppressing price inflation.
Stanley Fischer, the vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, said Thursday that the Fed was watching closely, but it was premature to consider policy adjustments.
"We have to take into account the impact on aggregate demand," Fischer said at the Brookings Institution, where he shared the stage with Draghi. "We'll be judging what's happening to output and inflation, and acting on that basis."
In Berlin, Merkel said her government, a grand coalition of the political center-right and center-left, had discussed the economy at a meeting late on Tuesday.
"This course we will now pursue very decisively, and also discuss within Europe," she added, apparently referring to a meeting of European Union leaders later this month in Brussels.
Merkel's remarks may have been less a declaration of policy change than a signal that her thinking on stimulus is evolving.
Wolfgang Schauble, the German finance minister, speaking in Washington on Thursday, insisted that "writing checks" was no way for the eurozone to increase growth, according to Reuters. Schauble urged France and Italy to do more to overhaul their economies instead.

Twitter Chat@4pm: Investment tips from Kunal...twitter chat@4pm: investment tips from kunal...
Gujarat High Court quashes snoopgate probecommissionThe commission was set up to probe the alleged snooping of a woman architect by Modi government. (Source: PTI)
Written by Satish Jha | Posted: October 10, 2014 4:20 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 4:38 pm
The Gujarat High Court on Friday quashed the Sugnya Bhatt commission that was set up by former chief minister Narendra Modi. The commission was set up to probe the alleged snooping of a woman architect which was revealed by Delhi-based news portals.
The then minister of state for home Amit Shah, IPS officers GL Singhal and AK Sharma among others figure in the purported taped conversation. Following the revelation the red faced Modi government in a notification ordered for setting up a commission headed by Sugnya Bhatt, retired High Court judge, the other member being retired IAS officer KC Kapoor.
The woman’s father Pranlal Soni had moved Supreme Court against the commission. The apex court directed Soni to approach the Gujarat High Court. Recently, Soni moved a special civil application before the High Court.
While setting aside the commission, single bench of justice Paresh Upadhyay observed that the commission was not in the public interest.

Nissan launches Terrano AnniversaryEditionThe Terrano Anniversary Edition will be available in two variants, XVD THP and XVD THP Premium.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:57 pm
Nissan has launched the first anniversary limited edition variant of Terrano, to celebrate the completion of one year of the compact SUV in India as well as the ongoing festive season. In an unconventional move, the Terrano Anniversary Edition can be booked only through the company’s official Indian website. The customers will be allowed to book their car on the website at an initial booking amount of Rs. 10,000, after which they will be contacted by the respective local dealership within the next two days of booking. After the completion of booking, a buyer can expect his car in the next 15 to 20 days.
The Terrano Anniversary Edition will be available in two variants, XVD THP and XVD THP Premium. Both the variants receive a host of changes as compared to the standard Terrano, which include black contrast roof, black dual stripes on bonnet, blackened pillars and ORVMs, ‘Anniversary Edition’ badges on front doors, rear spoiler, side step sills, chrome door handles and a chrome bar at rear, above the rear license plate space. On the insides, both the variants get reverse parking sensors, a heads-up display unit, driver seat height adjustment and a leather wrapped steering wheel and gear-shift lever. The XVD THP Premium gets leather seats and ‘zebra wood’ finish for the front and rear door armrests in addition.
There are no mechanical changes though, and the Terrano Anniversary Edition continues to be powered by the same 1.5 liter 110PS diesel mill which is found under the hood of the regular Terrano. The car will be offered in five paint shades – Bronze Grey, Blade Silver, Fire Red, Sterling Grey and Pearl White. Nissan will produce this exclusive version for a limited run of 450 units. The Nissan Terrano Anniversary Edition is priced at Rs. 12.83 lakh for the XVD THP and Rs. 13.13 lakh for the XVD THP Premium. The car will be retain the warranty scheme of 24 months or 50,000 km (whichever comes first), with an extended warranty of 2 years or up to 80,000 km.

Two more arrests made in Burwan blast casetodayA sketch of Sk. Kausar, the prime accused in Khargram blast case at Burdwan district in West Bengal, released by C.I.D on Monday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:53 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:56 pm
Two persons were arrested on Friday for selling SIM cards to the terror suspects in the Burdwan blast taking the number of those apprehended in the case to six.
Police said Ashok Mukherjee and Moinul Islam, who sell SIM cards and mobile phone sets, were arrested from their homes at Ketugram in Burdwan district, about 66 km from here, the police said.
They were held after interrogating the four arrested, including two women, in the case.
The police have also seized copies of voter ID cards and other documents from their shops.
The duo was later produced before the SDJM court in Katwa which remanded them into three days in police custody for further investigation.
Two suspected militants – Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal were killed and another person Hasan Saheb was injured in the explosion on October 2 in a house at Khagragarh in Burdwan town.

SIS Group: A leading private security services providerSep 28, 2014, 07.58 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
SIS Group: A leading private security services provider
CNBC-TV18's special series Centrestage puts a spotlight on one of Asia Pacific's leading private security services provider SIS Group.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SIS Group: A leading private security services provider
CNBC-TV18's special series Centrestage puts a spotlight on one of Asia Pacific's leading private security services provider SIS Group.
Post your opinion here

Haryana politics witnessing a change in dynamics as smaller parties join the frayOct 10, 2014 at  03:56pm IST
Haryana politics witnessing a change in dynamics as smaller parties join the fray
4
0
In a state where the contest was traditionally between the Congress and the Indian National Lok Dal, there is now a resurgent Bharatiya Janata Party turning the contest triangular. Once BJP's staunch alliance partner, Kuldeep Bishnoi of the Haryana Janhit Congress is now an angry man.
He was promised 45 of the 90 assembly seats in the state and a share in the chief minister's post. But with a breakdown in his party's ties with the BJP, Bishnoi is now contesting in alliance with erstwhile Congress leader Venod Sharma.
"We will form an alliance with other like minded small parties to come to power. People are frustrated with INLD and the BJP," Bishnoi said.
#jat #haryana janhit congress #indian national lok dal #bharatiya janata party
Venod Sharma, on the other hand, has always been known as the right hand man of Congress Chief Minister of Haryana Bhupinder Singh Hooda. He has been in the shadows since the conviction of his son Manu Sharma in the Jessica Lal murder case. Seeing no political future in the Congress, he forged out on his own, with Bishnoi projected as chief minister.
Facing trial in the suicide of air hostess Geetika Sharma, former Haryana Congress leader Gopal Kanda has formed his own party - the Haryana Lokhit Party - that promises free power to farmers and laptops to students if voted to power.
"Whoever matches with our ideology we will be open to support them," Kanda said.
Jat politics has always played a major role in Haryana where the Jats have been the dominant vote bank. However, the rise of the smaller parties has put Jat politics on the backburner as these parties are open to alliances with anyone who supports their manifesto or helps them wrest power in the state.
0

Relief for Modi  Amit Shah as Gujarat HC says commission to probe snoopgate be dissolvedOct 10, 2014 at  04:02pm IST
Relief for Modi, Amit Shah as Gujarat HC says commission to probe snoopgate be dissolved
3
0
Ahmedabad: In a huge relief for Bharatiya Janata Party, the Gujarat High Court has ruled that the commission appointed to investigate the snoopgate scandal be dissolved. The HC said that as there was no point in having a probe as the woman's father has accepted that he gave the permission to spy on his daughter and was in the know of what was happening.
Earlier in May, 2014 too, the father of the woman had approached the Supreme Court seeking a restraint on the probe by the Gujarat government and the Central government in the snoopgate scandal.
There were allegations that the illegal surveillance on a woman in Gujarat in 2009 was done at the behest of the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi. BHP President Amit Shah was the minister of state for Home during that period.
#snoopgate #gujarat #gujarat high court #narendra modi
There have been allegations that Shah himself was in regular touch with the officials involved in the alleged snooping. Gujarat government has maintained that not only the father of the woman in question but she herself was also aware that state agencies were tracking her and was "thankful" for it.
12

Sensex logs biggest fall in over two weeksMarket Update: Sensex slumps 340 points to log biggest fall in over two weeks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday fell nearly 340 points, its biggest fall in over two weeks, due to across-the-board losses in bluechips amid a global sell-off on economic growth concerns, although software firm Infosys surged 6.68 per cent on positive Q2 earnings .
Brokers said besides profit-booking by speculators, a lower closing on other Asian markets and a subdued opening of the European mkarkets on growing concerns about the global economy, after the IMF head warned that Euro-zone could slip into recession, influenced trading sentiments in the domestic market .
The 30-issue BSE Sensex, which had gained 390.49 points in Thursday's trade, fell by 339.90 points (or 1.28 per cent), to 26,297.38, with all the sectoral indices, except IT and Teck, ending in red with losses up to 4 per cent.
On similar lines, the 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty struggled to maintain the 7,900-mark and ended 100.60 points (or 1.26 per cent) down at 7,859.95 after dipping to 7,848.45 intra-day.
Brokers also said that a rally in Infosys on the back of good second quarter earnings, cushioned the fall in the BSE barometer.
Shares of IT major Infosys surged 6.68 per cent to close at 3,888.95 after the company posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every share held.
Of the 30 Sensex scrips, 23 shares ended with losses led by Tata Motors (down 5.3 per cent), Hindalco (4.79 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (4.60 per cent).
Sectorwise, the metal index suffered the most by losing 4.11 per cent, followed by auto index (2.78 per cent), FMCG index (2.56 per cent) and Banking index (1.80 per cent).
Bucking the trend, the IT index gained 2.29 per cent, while Teck index rose 1.17 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore on Thursday.

Sensex plunges 340 pts on global cues; Infosys climbs6.68%The 30-share barometer, which had gained 390.49 points yesterday, fell by 339.90 points. (Reuters)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 10, 2014 4:38 pm
The BSE benchmark Sensex today fell nearly 340 points, its biggest fall in over two weeks, due to across-the-board losses in bluechips amid a global sell-off on economic growth concerns, although software firm Infosys Ltd surged 6.68 per cent on smart Q2 earnings.
The 30-share barometer, which had gained 390.49 points yesterday, fell by 339.90 points, or 1.28 per cent, to 26,297.38, with all the sectoral indices, except IT and Teck, ending in negative zone with losses up to 4 per cent.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty struggled to maintain the 7,900-mark and ended 100.60 points, or 1.26 per cent, down at 7,859.95 after dipping to 7,848.45 during the session.
Brokers said besides profit-booking by speculators, a lower closing on other Asian markets and a subdued opening of the european mkarkets on growing concerns about the global economy as the head of the IMF warned that Euro-zone could slip into recession, influenced the trading sentiment here.
They said, however, rally in Infosys on the back of good second quarter earnings, cushioned the fall in the benchmark Sensex.
Shares of IT major Infosys surged 6.68 per cent to close at 3,888.95 after the company posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30, and declared bonus issue in the ratio of one share for every share held.
Of the 30 Sensex shares, 23 shares ended with losses led by Tata Motors (down 5.3 per cent), Hindalco (4.79 per cent) and Sesa Sterlite (4.60 per cent).
Sectorwise, the metal index suffered the most by losing 4.11 per cent, followed by auto index by 2.78 per cent, FMCG index 2.56 per cent, Banking index closed 1.80 per cent lower.
Bucking the trend, IT index rose 2.29 per cent, while Teck index gained 1.17 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data released by stock exchanges showed foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore yesterday.

Cong complains to EC about PM Modis Haryana land dealremarkComments
Cong alleged that the PM 'openly' flouted the Model Code of Conduct 'deliberately defaming' Haryana government. (Source: PTI)
Congress has approached the Election Commission seeking “exemplary punishment” for Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his remarks on a land deal involving Robert Vadra and DLF in Haryana.
In a petition to Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath, the party alleged that the Prime Minister “openly” flouted the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) “deliberately maligning, defaming” Haryana government and made “malicious and scandalous personal attacks” on central leadership of the Congress in October 6 rally at Hisar.
Congress on Thursday demanded an “apology” from Modi after the EC on Wednesday ruled that there was no violation of model code of conduct by the Haryana Government in clearing the land deal involving Sonia Gandhi’s son-in law Vadra.
Addressing a public rally on Monday, Modi had asked EC to take serious note of Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda clearing the land deal between Vadra and DLF alleging it was done hastily as ruling Congress faced “certain defeat” in the October 15 state Assembly polls.
Secretary of AICC Legal Department KC Mittal said that as per the code, parties and candidates need to refrain from criticism of all aspects of private life, not connected with the public activities of the leaders or workers of other parties or have to avoid criticism of other parties or their workers based on unverified allegations or distortion.
He claimed that the statement made by Modi is a “only a distortion to malign the government and Congress party  publicly to prejudice the interest of Congress candidates and seek votes for BJP candidates” and constitutes a case for violation of model code.
Maintaining that such criticism based on “unverified  allegations” is not permissible under the MCC, the party said in the complaint that the statement “is not only derogatory, malicious and scandalous on the face of it, but, such a conduct in public discourse needs to be penalised adequately for the purity of electoral process and fair conduct of polls.”
The party alleged the modus operandi was to mislead people  Modi took all liberties during the public address to focus on personal attack to defame the Congress party.
“It is therefore requested that the Commission may be pleased to impose exemplary punishment to BJP and Modi and also to ensure that in future they don’t conduct themselves to violate the MCC,” Mittal said in the complaint.

Message to stock investors: Risk is backMessage to stock investors: Risk is back
By: Adam Shell October 10, 2014 6:32 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during afternoon trading Oct. 9, 2014. The Dow plunged over 330 points Thursday after the biggest gains of the year a day earlier. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
Unless you’ve been off the digital grid hiking in the wilderness this October, you’ve learned a lesson in the first seven trading days of what Wall Street dubs the “jinx month”: Risk is back.
The Dow Jones industrial average has sent investors on a hair-raising roller coaster ride, with dips so steep investors can’t help but clutch their hands and scream, “Ahhhhhhhh!”
The Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points in five of the seven trading days this month. The wild up-and-down action has made it tough for even the most seasoned investors to forget the ghosts of October, namely the 1929 crash and Black Monday in 1987, the two most famous stock plunges in history, which both occurred in October.
The Dow plunged 335 points Thursday, its worst one-day drop of the year and worst in 15 months. The loss wiped out gains from Wednesday’s 275-point rally, which, oddly, had erased Tuesday’s 273-point loss.
In pre-market trading Friday the Dow was down 105 points in futures markets.
Axel Merk, chief investment officer at Merk Investments, says investors better get used to the bumpy ride.
“As volatility rises, asset prices have to come down,” says Merk. “Anything can be blamed for the rise in volatility. But it comes down to the fact the market is a risky place, but has attracted many that think it’s a one-way street. When the glass is then considered half-empty, lots of people run for the exit as they … realize (stocks are) risky after all.”
Adds Merk: “We’ve got all the ingredients we need for a crash.”

Ask Matt: Is Apple worth $200 a shareAP
Q: Is Apple really worth $200 a share?
A: If you think Apple’s (AAPL) stock should be trading at double its current level, it’s time to get your iWatch checked. That’s what analysts are saying.
Billionaire Carl Icahn sent a letter to Apple’s management Thursday, stating that the stock is worth $200. That’s caught many investors off guard since that would be double the stock’s $101.02 a share closing price on Thursday.
But Icahn’s price target is nowhere near what Wall Street analysts say the stock is worth. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $111.73 a share. The difference between what analysts say the stock is worth and what Icahn says it’s worth is roughly $500 billion.
Analysts like Jim Kelleher of Argus Research say  Icahn, who owns about 1% of Apple stock, is basing his forecast on overly optimistic projections. Apple would need to generate gross margins, or what it keeps from revenue after paying direct costs, that are much greater than at any time in the company’s history to even get close to justifying Icahn’s forecast. Additionally, Apple would need to maintain 12% annual revenue growth each and every of the next three years. That’s an aggressive call that analysts don’t think is likely. As an owner of Apple stock, Icahn has an incentive to see it move higher.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Sebi to tighten insider trading normsOct 10, 2014, 04.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sebi to tighten insider trading norms
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi to tighten insider trading norms
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said.
Post your opinion here
 
Market regulator Sebi today said it has come across cases of insider trading at not just small companies, but at big corporates as well, and the norms would be tightened soon to curb this menace.
Besides, the capital market watchdog would initiate prompt action in case of entities that violate listing norms.
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said.
Emphasising that Sebi was "going to tighten the norms about insider trading regulations", Sinha said, "I am sure insider trading as an offence is happening in India."
The revision in these norms would be substantially based on Sodhi committee, which had submitted its report to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in December last year.
The high-level panel, chaired by former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts, K Sodhi, had focused on reviewing the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992.
Responding to a query on possible violations of corporate governance norms by listed public sector entities, Sinha said action would be taken irrespective of the company is private or public one.
"If there is a violation we will be taking action. Whether it is a private board or a PSU board, we will be taking action," he noted.
Meanwhile, Sebi chief said that independent directors on the boards of companies should be made aware of regulations related to insider trading matters.
"There are situations where you are not sure what is happening, you might innocently share some information with somebody and that person might compromise you. Those things have to be taken into account," Sinha said. He was speaking at an event organised by consultancy KPMG here today.
Besides Sodhi panel, Sebi's International Advisory Board (IAB) had also suggested significant changes in inside trading regulations to bring them at par with global best practices.
Insider trading -- dealing in securities with prior access to unpublished price-sensitive information -- has been attracting regulatory attention worldwide. However, certain outdated provisions of existing norms have been misused by the offenders to escape regulatory action.
Last fiscal, Sebi started probes in 108 cases and out of them about 12 per cent (13 cases) were related to insider trading activities.
Meanwhile, Sinha warned that violation of listing norms would "invite prompt penalties actions from Sebi."
RELATED NEWS

Until QE begins  Europe in sinkhole: Prountil qe begins  europe in sinkhole: pro
The unsafety net: How social media turned against womenThe unsafety net: How social media turned against women
Written by
Catherine Buni, Soraya Chemaly | The Atlantic
October 10, 2014
Clear, maybe. Taken off of Facebook or Twitter? Not likely.(Reuters/Jamal Saidi)
SHARE
Catherine Buni, Soraya Chemaly | The Atlantic
October 10, 2014
In December 2012, an Icelandic woman named Thorlaug Agustsdottir discovered a Facebook group called “Men are better than women.” One image she found there, Thorlaug wrote to us this summer in an email, “was of a young woman naked chained to pipes or an oven in what looked like a concrete basement, all bruised and bloody. She looked with a horrible broken look at whoever was taking the pic of her curled up naked.” Thorlaug wrote an outraged post about it on her own Facebook page.
Before long, a user at “Men are better than women” posted an image of Thorlaug’s face, altered to appear bloody and bruised. Under the image, someone commented, “Women are like grass, they need to be beaten/cut regularly.” Another wrote: “You just need to be raped.” Thorlaug reported the image and comments to Facebook and requested that the site remove them.
“We reviewed the photo you reported,” came Facebook’s auto reply, “but found it does not violate Facebook’s  Community Standards  on hate speech, which includes posts or photos that attack a person based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition.”
Instead, the Facebook screeners labeled the content “Controversial Humor.” Thorlaug saw nothing funny about it. She worried the threats were real.
Some 50 other users sent their own requests on her behalf. All received the same reply. Eventually, on New Year’s Eve, Thorlaug called the local press, and the story spread from there. Only then was the image removed.
In January 2013, Wired published a  critical account of Facebook’s response to these complaints. A company spokesman  contacted  the publication immediately to explain that Facebook screeners had mishandled the case, conceding that Thorlaug’s photo “should have been taken down when it was reported to us.” According to the spokesman, the company tries to address complaints about images on a case-by-case basis within 72 hours, but with millions of reports to review every day, “it’s not easy to keep up with requests.” The spokesman, anonymous to Wired readers, added, “We apologize for the mistake.”
* * *
If, as the communications philosopher Marshall McLuhan  famously said , television brought the brutality of war into people’s living rooms, the Internet today is bringing violence against women out of it. Once largely hidden from view, this brutality is now being exposed in unprecedented ways. In the words of Anne Collier, co-director of  ConnectSafely.org  and co-chair of the Obama administration’s  Online Safety and Technology Working Group , “We are in the middle of a global  free speech experiment .” On the one hand, these online images and words are bringing awareness to a longstanding problem. On the other hand, the amplification of these ideas over social media networks is validating and spreading pathology.
We, the authors, have experienced both sides of the experiment firsthand. In 2012, Soraya, who had been reporting on gender and women’s rights, noticed that more and more of her readers were contacting her to ask for media attention and help with online threats. Many sent graphic images, and some included detailed police reports that had gone nowhere. A few sent videos of rapes in progress. When Soraya wrote about these topics, she received threats online. Catherine, meanwhile, received warnings to back up while reporting on the cover-up of a sexual assault.
All of this raised a series of troubling questions: Who’s proliferating this violent content? Who’s controlling its dissemination? Should someone be? In theory, social media companies are neutral platforms where users generate content and report content as equals. But, as in the physical world, some users are more equal than others. In other words, social media is more symptom than disease: A 2013 report from the World Health Organization called violence against women “a global health problem of epidemic proportion,” from domestic abuse, stalking, and street harassment to sex trafficking, rape, and murder. This epidemic is thriving in the petri dish of social media.
While some of the aggression against women online occurs between people who know one another, and is unquestionably illegal, most of it happens between strangers. Earlier this year, Pacific Standard published  a long story by Amanda Hess  about an online stalker who set up a Twitter account specifically to send her death threats.
 Under the image, someone commented, “Women are like grass, they need to be beaten/cut regularly.” 
Across websites and social media platforms, everyday sexist comments exist along a spectrum that also includes illicit sexual surveillance, “ creepshots ,” extortion, doxxing, stalking, malicious impersonation, threats, and rape videos and photographs. The explosive use of the Internet to conduct human trafficking also has a place on this spectrum, given that three-quarters of trafficked people are girls and women.
A report, “ Misogyny on Twitter ,” released by the research and policy organization  Demos  this June, found more than 6 million instances of the word “slut” or “whore” used in English on Twitter between December 26, 2013, and February 9, 2014. (The words “bitch” and “cunt” were not measured.) An estimated 20 percent of the misogyny study Tweets appeared, to researchers, to be threatening. An example: “@XXX @XXX You stupid ugly fucking slut I’ll go to your flat and cut your fucking head off you inbred whore.“
A second Demos  study  showed that while male celebrities, female journalists, and male politicians face the highest likelihood of online hostility, women are significantly more likely to be targeted specifically because of their gender, and men are overwhelmingly those doing the harassing. For women of color, or members of the LGBT community, the harassment is amplified. “In my five years on Twitter, I’ve been called ‘nigger’ so many times that it barely registers as an insult anymore,” explains attorney and legal analyst Imani Gandy.  “Let’s just say that my ‘nigger cunt’ cup runneth over.”
At this summer’s VidCon, an annual nationwide convention held in Southern California, women vloggers shared an astonishing number of examples. The violent threats posted beneath YouTube videos, they observed, are  pushing women  off of this and other platforms in disproportionate numbers. When Anita Saarkeesian, who produces a popular web series called  Tropes vs. Women , launched a Kickstarter to develop games with female protagonists, she became the focus of a massive and violently misogynistic cybermob. Among the many forms of harassment she endured was a game where thousands of players “won” by virtually bludgeoning her face. In late August, she contacted the police and  had to leave her home  after she received a series of serious violent online threats.
Danielle Keats Citron, law professor at the University of Maryland and author of the recently released book  Hate Crimes in Cyberspace , explained, “Time and time again, these women have no idea often who it is attacking them. A cybermob jumps on board, and one can imagine that the only thing the attackers know about the victim is that she’s female.” Looking at 1,606 cases of “revenge porn,” where explicit photographs are distributed without consent, Citron found that 90 percent of targets were women. Another study she cited found that 70 percent of female gamers chose to play as male characters rather than contend with sexual harassment.
This type of harassment also fills the comment sections of popular websites. In August, employees of the largely female-staffed website Jezebel published an open letter to the site’s parent company, Gawker, detailing the professional, physical, and emotional costs of having to look at the pornographic GIFs maliciously populating the site’s comments sections everyday. “It’s like playing whack-a-mole with a sociopathic Hydra,” they wrote, insisting that Gawker develop tools for blocking and tracking IP addresses. They added, “It’s impacting our ability to do our jobs.”
For some, the costs are higher. In 2010, 12-year-old Amanda Todd bared her chest while chatting online with a person who’d assured her that he was a boy, but was in fact a grown man with a history of pedophilia. For the next two years, Amanda and her mother, Carol Todd, were unable to stop anonymous users from posting that image on sexually explicit pages. A Facebook page, labeled “Controversial Humor,” used Amanda’s name and image—and the names and images of other girls—without consent. In October 2012, Amanda committed suicide, posting a YouTube video that explained her harassment and her decision. In April 2014, Dutch officials announced that they had arrested a 35-year-old man suspected to have used the Internet to extort dozens of girls, including Amanda, in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The suspect now faces charges of child pornography, extortion, criminal harassment, and Internet luring.
 When Anita Saarkeesian launched a Kickstarter to develop games with female protagonists, someone created a game where thousands of players could virtually bludgeon her face. 
Almost immediately after Amanda shared her original image, altered versions appeared on pages, and videos proliferated. One of the pages was filled with pictures of naked pre-pubescent girls, encouraging them to drink bleach and die.  While she appreciates the many online tributes honoring her daughter, Carol Todd is haunted by “suicide humor” and pornographic content now forever linked to her daughter’s image. There are web pages dedicated to what is now called “Todding.” One of them features a photograph of a young woman hanging.
Meanwhile, extortion of other victims continues. In  an increasing number of countries , rapists are now filming their rapes on cell phones so they can blackmail victims out of reporting the crimes. In August, after a 16-year-old Indian girl was gang-raped, she explained, “I was afraid. While I was being raped, another man pointed a gun and recorded me with his cellphone camera. He said he will upload the film on the Net if I tell my family or the police.”
In Pakistan, the group Bytes for All—an organization that previously  sued the government  for censoring YouTube videos—released a  study  showing that social media and mobile tech are causing real harm to women in the country. Gul Bukhari, the report’s author, told Reuters, “These technologies are helping to increase violence against women, not just mirroring it.”
In June 2014, a 16-year-old girl named Jada was drugged and raped at a party in Texas. Partygoers posted a photo of her lying unconscious, one leg bent back. Soon, other Internet users had turned it into a meme, mocking her pose and using the hashtag #jadapose. Kasari Govender, executive director of the Vancouver-based West Coast Legal Education and Action Fund (LEAF), calls this kind of behavior “cybermisogyny.” “Cyberbullying,” she says, “has become this term that’s often thrown around with little understanding. We think it’s important to name the forces that are motivating this in order to figure out how to address it.”
In an unusually bold act, Jada  responded by speaking publicly  about her rape and the online abuse that followed. Supporters soon took to the Internet in her defense. “There’s no point in hiding,” she told a television reporter. “Everybody has already seen my face and my body, but that’s not what I am and who I am. I’m just angry.”
* * *
After Facebook removed Thorlaug’s altered image and the rape threats, she felt relieved, but she was angry too. “These errors are going to manifest again,” she told Wired, “if there isn’t clear enough policy.”
Yet, at the time of Thorlaug’s report, Facebook did have a clear policy. Its detailed Community Standards for speech, often considered the industry’s gold standard, were bolstered by reporting tools that allowed users to report offensive content, and Thorlaug had used these tools as instructed. But serious errors were still manifesting regularly.
Not long after Thorlaug’s struggle to remove her image, a Facebook user posted a video documenting the gang rape of a woman by the side of a road in Malaysia. The six minutes of graphic footage were live for more than three weeks, during which Facebook moderators declined repeated requests for removal. It had been viewed hundreds of times before a reader of Soraya’s forwarded the video to her with a request for help. We notified a contact on Facebook’s Safety Advisory Board, and only then was the video taken offline.
Around the same time, another Icelandic woman, Hildur Lilliendahl Viggósdóttir, decided to draw attention to similar problems by creating a page called “Men who hate women,” where she reposted examples of misogyny she found elsewhere on Facebook. Her page was  suspended four times —not because of its offensive content, but because she was reposting images without written permission. Meanwhile, the original postings—graphically depicting rape and glorifying the physical abuse of women—remained on Facebook. As activists had been noting for years, pages like these were allowed by Facebook to remain under the category of “humor.” Other humorous pages live at the time had names like “I kill bitches like you,” “Domestic Violence: Don’t Make Me Tell You Twice,” “I Love the Rape Van,” and “Raping Babies Because You’re Fucking Fearless.”
* * *
Jillian C. York, director for international freedom of expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, is one of many civil libertarians who believe Facebook and other social media platforms should not screen this, or any, content at all. “It of course must be noted that the company—like any company—is well within its rights to regulate speech as it sees fit,” she wrote in  a May 2013 piece in Slate  in response to growing activism. “The question is not canFacebook censor speech, but rather, should it?” She argues that censoring any content “sets a dangerous precedent for special interest groups looking to bring their pet issue to the attention of Facebook’s censors.”
 “A cybermob jumps on board, and one can imagine that the only thing the attackers know about the victim is that she’s female.” 
When the problem involves half the world’s population, it’s difficult to classify it as a “pet issue.” What’s more, there are free speech issues on both sides of the regulated content equation. “We have the expressive interests of the harassers to threaten, to post photos, to spread defamation, rape threats, lies on the one hand,” explains Citron. “And on the other hand you have the free speech interests, among others, of the victims, who are silenced and are driven offline.”
These loss-of-speech issues tend to draw less attention and sympathy than free speech rights. However, as Citron points out, sexual hostility has already been identified as a source of real harm: Title VII demands that employers regulate such hostility in the workplace. These policies exist, Citron says, because sexual hostility “is understood as conduct interfering with life opportunities.”
For online harassers, this is often an overt goal: to silence female community members, whether through sexual slurs or outright threats. It’s little surprise that the Internet has become a powerful tool in intimate partner violence: A 2012 survey conducted by the  National Network to End Domestic Violence (NNEDV) found that 89 percent of local domestic violence programs reported victims who were experiencing technology-enabled abuse, often across multiple platforms.
For their part, social media companies often express commitment to user safety, but downplay their influence on the broader culture. Administrators repeatedly explain that their companies, while very concerned with protecting users, are not in the business of policing free speech. As Twitter co-founder Biz Stone phrased it in a post titled  “Tweets Must Flow,”  “We strive not to remove Tweets on the basis of their content.” The company’s  guidelines  encourage readers to unfollow the offensive party and “express your feelings [to a trusted friend] so you can move on.”
None of this was of much help to Caroline Criado-Perez, a British journalist and feminist who helped get a picture of Jane Austen on the £10 banknote. The day Bank of England made the announcement, Criado-Perez began receiving more than 50 violent threats per hour on Twitter. “The immediate impact was that I couldn’t eat or sleep,” she  told The Guardian  in 2013. She asked Twitter to find some way to stop the threats, but at the time the company offered no mechanism for reporting abuse. Since then, the company has released a reporting button, but its usefulness is extremely limited: It requires that every tweet be reported separately, a cumbersome process that gives the user no way of explaining that she is a target of ongoing harassment. (The system currently provides no field for comments.)
And yet companies like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube do moderate content and make quasi-governmental decisions regarding speech. Some content moderation is related to legal obligations, as in the case of child pornography, but a great deal more is a matter of cultural interpretation.  Companies have disclosed  that governments rely on them to implement censorship requests—earlier this year, for example, Twitter  blocked tweets and accounts  deemed “blasphemous” by the Pakistani government. (In response to these government incursions, a coalition of  academics, legal scholars, corporations ,  non-profit organizations , and schools came together in 2008 to form the  Global Network Initiative , a non-governmental organization dedicated to privacy and free expression.)
When it comes to copyright and intellectual property interests, companies are highly responsive, as Hildur’s “Men who hate women” experience highlighted. But, says Jan Moolman, who coordinates the Association of Progressive Communications’s women’s rights division, “‘garden variety’ violence against women—clearly human rights violations—frequently get a lukewarm response until it becomes an issue of bad press.”
For that reasons, when social media companies fail to respond to complaints and requests, victims of online harassment frequently turn to individuals who can publicize their cases. Trista Hendren, an Oregon-based blogger, became an advocate for other women after readers from Iceland, Egypt, Australia, India, Lebanon, and the UK began asking her to write about their experiences. “I was overwhelmed,” she told us. In December 2012, Hendren and several collaborators created a Facebook page called RapeBook where users could flag and report offensive content that the company had refused to take down.
 Facebook content categorized as “humor” included pages titled “I kill bitches like you,” “I Love the Rape Van,” and “Raping Babies Because You’re Fucking Fearless.” 
By April 2013, people were using RapeBook to post pictures of women and pre-pubescent girls being raped or beaten. Some days, Hendren received more than 500 anonymous, explicitly violent comments—“I will skull-fuck your children,” for instance. Facebook users tracked down and posted her address, her children’s names, and her phone number and started to call her.
By that time, Hendren had abandoned any hope that using Facebook’s reporting mechanisms could help her. She was able, however, to work directly with a Facebook moderator to address the threats and criminal content. She found that the company sincerely wanted to help. Their representatives discussed the posts with her on a case-by-case basis, but more violent and threatening posts kept coming, and much of the content she considered graphic and abusive was allowed to remain.
Eventually, Hendren told us, she and Facebook became locked in disagreement over what constituted “safety” and “hate” on the site. Facebook’s people, she said, told her they didn’t consider the threats to her and her family credible or legitimate. Hendren, however, was concerned enough to contact the police and the FBI. The FBI started an investigation; meanwhile Hendren, physically and emotionally spent, suspended her Facebook account. “I was the sickest I have ever been,” she said. “It was really disgusting work. We just began to think, ‘Why are we devoting all our efforts on a volunteer basis to do work that Facebook—with billions of dollars—should be taking care of?’”
Hendren contacted Soraya, who continued to press Facebook directly. At the same time, Soraya and Laura Bates, founder of the Everyday Sexism Project, also began comparing notes on what readers were sending them. Bates was struck by surprising ad placements. At the time, a photo captioned “The bitch didn’t know when to shut up” appeared alongside ads for Dove and iTunes. “Domestic Violence: Don’t Make Me Tell You Twice”—a page filled with photos of women beaten, bruised, and bleeding—was populated by ads for Facebook’s COO Sheryl Sandberg’s new bestselling book, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead.
In early May, Bates decided to tweet at one of these companies. “Hi @Finnair here’s your ad on another domestic violence page—will you stop advertising with Facebook?”  FinnAir responded immediately:  “It is totally against our values and policies. Thanks  @r2ph !  @everydaysexism  Could you send us the URL please so that we can take action?”
Soraya, Bates, and Jaclyn Friedman, the executive director of Women, Action, and Media, a media justice advocacy group, joined forces and launched a social media campaign designed to attract advertisers’ attention. The ultimate goal was to press Facebook to recognize explicit violence against women as a violation of its own prohibitions against hate speech, graphic violence, and harassment. Within a day of beginning the campaign, 160 organizations and corporations had co-signed  a public letter , and in less than a week, more than 60,000 tweets were shared using the campaign’s #FBrape hashtag. Nissan was the first company to pull its advertising dollars from Facebook altogether. More than 15 others soon followed. The letter emphasized that Facebook’s refusal to take down content that glorified and trivialized graphic rape and domestic violence was actually hampering free expression—it was “marginaliz[ing] girls and women, sidelin[ing] our experiences and concerns, and contribut[ing] to violence against us.”
On May 28,  Facebook  issued a public response:
In recent days, it has become clear that our systems to identify and remove hate speech have failed to work as effectively as we would like … We have been working over the past several months to improve our systems to respond to reports of violations, but the guidelines used by these systems have failed to capture all the content that violates our standards. We need to do better—and we will.
* * *
Share
Tap image to zoom
For all its shortcomings, Facebook is doing more than most companies to address online aggression against women.  Cindy Southworth , vice president of development and innovation at the National Network to End Domestic Violence, has served on Facebook’s Safety Advisory Board since 2010. “[My organization] gets calls from Google, Twitter, Microsoft—but Facebook and Airbnb are the only ones who’ve put us on an advisory board,” she told us.
This is huge progress, she says. By inviting experts who understand the roots of violence against women and children and are familiar with emerging strategies to prevent it, tech is more likely to innovate improvements. The once profusely applied “Controversial Humor” label in Facebook is no longer in use. The company now officially recognizes gender-based hate as a legitimate concern, and its representatives continue to work closely with advocates like Southworth and the coalition that formed during the #FBRape campaign. There are ongoing efforts to improve user safety and identify content that is threatening, harassing, hateful, or discriminatory.
Southworth calls the company’s representatives “thoughtful, passionate, concerned, and straddling the line between free speech and safety.” But, sometimes, progress feels slow. “The teams who handle these cases are just swamped,” she explained.
When Emily Bazelon, author of  a book  and a  March 2013 Atlantic story  about Internet bullies, visited Facebook’s headquarters, the young men she saw working as moderators were spending roughly 30 seconds assessing each reported post, millions of reports a week. Outsourced speech moderation has become a booming industry. Like Facebook’s own moderation process, the operations of these companies are opaque by design.
TaskUs, with bases in Santa Monica, California, and several locations in the Philippines, provides moderation for iPhone and Android apps such as Whisper, Secret, and Yik Yak. The company advertises “a bulletproof system to ensure that no one—not a single person—is hurt physically or mentally by the actions of another user in an anonymous app community.” Yet TaskUs doesn’t disclose its standards of speech, its hiring practices, its training process, or working conditions. “Unfortunately,” we were told when we inquired, “we’re bound by confidentiality from discussing details of process including hiring and training. We can speak generally about how we handle the moderation process but our clients are not comfortable with us exposing anything proprietary (and they consider the moderation and training processes proprietary).”
While private companies protect their practices, nonprofits like The Internet Watch Foundation don’t. IWF, based in Cambridge, England, screens images of child sexual abuse for Facebook, Google, and Virgin Media, among others. IWF staff watch, analyze, categorize, and report abusive images—70 percent of them involve children under 10. Data collected by police across England and Wales in 2012 suggest that 150 million child pornography images were in distribution in the UK alone that year. By comparison, in 1995, when the reach of the Internet was far narrower, only about 7,000 child pornography images were in online circulation.
 When it comes to copyright and intellectual property interests, companies are highly responsive. But violence against women “frequently gets a lukewarm response until it becomes an issue of bad press.” 
IWF’s analysts see everything, said Heidi Kempster, IWF’s director of business affairs, during a conversation this summer. Kempster was candid about IWF’s business practices: The group screens rigorously during its hiring processes, conducting psychological interviews that establish everything from family history and relationship-building skills to views on pornography. The company also requires monthly individual counseling and quarterly group counseling, as well as expert consultation—with police, attorneys, or judges— and breaks as needed. IWF analysts, said Kempster, “look at shocking and violent images all day every day. There are days that are tough. They have to take time out.”
Over the past two years, Facebook has taken steps to improve its reporting system and address those gray areas. Matt Steinfeld, a spokesperson for Facebook, spoke to us about Facebook’s Compassion Research, a bullying prevention project developed in conjunction with Yale’s Center for Emotional Intelligence. The tools developed through this program have more than tripled the rate at which users send a message directly to the person who posted the offensive material, asking for the removal of photos or comments. Now, in 85 percent of those requests, the person who posted the photo takes the photo down or sends a reply.
Still, the company hasn’t yet come up with a reliable approach for dealing with the other 15 percent of cases. “We’ve always recognized that there is going to be content that won’t be moderated through compassion tools,” said Steinfeld. “We’re not going to tell the people who is right and who is wrong.”
The opacity maintained around moderation means sites are not obligated to honor the reports they receive and any decision to remove content can be legitimized, as Kate Crawford of Microsoft Research and MIT, and Tarleton Gillespie at Cornell University, observed in an August study on social media reporting tools. In other words, “given that flags remain open to interpretation and can be gamed, they can also be explained away when the site prefers to ignore them.”
In conversations this summer, Matt Steinfeld, a spokesperson for Facebook, maintained that his own company’s standards are clearly defined. “There’s this misconception that there’s an algorithm,” he said during one conversation in July, “but there’s a human who’s given objective standards” for responding to individual complaints.
When we spoke with Microsoft’s Crawford about her research, she described the limitations of these seemingly objective standards. “The flag is being asked to do too much,” she said. “It’s a fundamentally narrow mechanism: the technical version of ‘I object.’ And while some platforms claim that flags are ‘objective’ data about which content to remove, they are part of a profoundly human decision-making process about what constitutes appropriate speech in the public domain.”
Researchers and industry experts are beginning to consider the effects of that context. Ninety percent of tech employees are men. At the most senior levels, that number goes up to 96 percent. Eight-nine percent of startup leadership teams are all male. Google recently announced that it is implementing programs to, in the words of  a New York Times report,  “fight deep-set cultural biases and an insidious frat-house attitude that pervades the tech business.” A computer simulation used by the company illustrated how an industry-wide 1-percent bias against women in performance evaluations might have led to the significant absence of women in senior positions.
Many Silicon Valley leaders—such as Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey, who recently acknowledged a “leadership crisis” among women in tech—have been investing in programs they hope will encourage girls to enter, and remain, in STEM fields. However, the fact that companies better understand the need to encourage girls and women doesn’t necessarily mean they’re welcomed. Despite the presence of visible, active and prominent women in the industry, according to one recent study, 56 percent of the women who do enter tech  leave the industry , frequently stating that they were pushed out by sexism. This attrition rate is twice that of their male peers. As Vivek Wadha, author Innovating Women, recently  pointed  out, only 2.7 percent of 6,517 companies that received venture funding from 2011 to 2013 had female chief executives.
It’s not hard to imagine how unconscious biases might affect systems architecture, including the ways companies handle moderation requests. It is notable that Ello, a new ad-free social network, launched without private profiles, a block button, or a reporting mechanism. (After  much criticism , those features were added.) Its designers appear to be seven young white men whose features, appearing on the beta website, are  obscured  by smiley faces. The Ello site reads, “We reserve the right to enforce or not to enforce these rules in whatever way we see fit, at our sole discretion. According to our lawyer, we should also tell you that Ello’s rules and policies do not create a duty or contractual obligation for us to act in any particular manner. And we reserve the right to change these rules at any time. So please play nice, be respectful, and have fun.”
* * *
Sandy Garossino, a former British Columbia prosecutor who has worked on dozens of cases of cyber extortion and online child pornography, is concerned about the implications of today’s industry practices and policies, not only for children but for adults. “Right now, the slightest calibrations are going to have a profound effect on the future,” she told us.
In late June, the  U.S. Supreme Court announced  it would hear the case of Anthony Elonis, a man with five charges of sexual harassment, who was imprisoned after threatening to kill his wife on Facebook. Elonis insists that his Facebook posts were not real threats but protected speech. Tara Elonis, his estranged wife—possibly aware that most female murder victims are killed by intimate partners—said that there was nothing unthreatening about her husband’s Facebook posts and that they forced her to take necessary, costly precautions. “If I only knew then what I know now,” read one, “I would have smothered your ass with a pillow, dumped your body in the back seat, dropped you off in Toad Creek, and made it look like a rape and murder.”
“Although threats are traditional categories of excluded speech,” explains First Amendment legal scholar Susan Williams, “there is very little take on actually defining what a true threat is in constitutional terms.” This lack of definition is what plagues social media companies seeking scalable solutions for moderating content and keeping users safe. Following legal precedent they, too, avoid defining what makes a comment a threat and instead home in on whether or not there’s one specific target. However, as Williams explains, “threats can be one of those environmental factors that reduce the autonomy of whole classes of persons.”
 “What these people are doing is reminding women that, no matter who they are, they are still women. They are forever vulnerable.” 
In a recent high-profile case, intimate photographs of 100 celebrities—all of whom were women—were stolen and shared without consent. Google is now facing the possibility of a  $100 million lawsuit , brought by over a dozen of the women whose privacy was violated, for refusing to remove the stolen photographs. In a letter dated October 1, the women’s attorneys wrote that “Google has exhibited the lowest standards of ethical business conduct, and has acted dishonorably by perpetrating unlawful activity that exemplifies an utter lack of respect for women and privacy. Google’s ‘Don’t be evil’ motto is a sham.”
In response, Google removed tens of thousands of the hacked celebrity photographs. Meanwhile, social media companies have been far less responsive to similar demands from ordinary citizens. “Hey @google, what about my photos?” tweeted  revenge porn victim Holly Jacobs  in the aftermath of the celebrity scandal. It remains to be seen how the courts will rule in the case of Meryam Ali, a Houston woman who filed a $123 million lawsuit against Facebook for failing to remove a false profile that showed her face superimposed on pornographic images. As writer Roxanne Gay poignantly observed  in The Guardian, “What these people are doing is reminding women that, no matter who they are, they are still women. They are forever vulnerable.”
In late August, Drew Curtis, founder of the content aggregator FARK, announced that the company had added “misogyny” to its moderation guidelines. FARK no longer allows rape jokes or threats. It also prohibited posts that call groups of women “whores” or “sluts,” or suggest that a woman who suffered a crime is somehow asking for it. In a note to readers, Curtis wrote, “This represents enough of a departure from pretty much how every other large Internet community operates that I figure an announcement is necessary.” Responding in  Slate , Amanda Hess praised FARK’s new policy but also pointed out its limitations: Just underneath his announcement, users posted dozens of comments about rape, whores, and “boobies.”
Announcements like FARK’s are important, particularly for catalyzing discussion, but policy changes alone can’t solve such a complex problem. Kate Crawford of MIT and Microsoft urges tech innovators to think about solutions “as pluralistically as possible.” She’d like to see more platforms develop systems that leave traces of when and why content has been removed or modified—an approach in play at Wikipedia, for instance.
Other experts agree that companies have a responsibility to provide greater transparency. They also need to dedicate more staff to understanding and performing moderation. They need to attract and retain female engineers, programmers, and managers. They need to invite experts in violence prevention to their tables. Whether online or off, there seems to be an increasing consensus, from the NFL to the White House, that misogyny requires a broad societal response.  As President Obama put it  in mid-September, “It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault and to refuse to accept what’s unacceptable.”
Soon after Hess’s piece appeared on Slate, a reader posted it on a FARK message board and users filled the comment thread mocking the policy and discussing the best way slip a thermometer into Hess. So far, that thread has not been removed. As Hess herself put it, “Policing misogyny is fabulous in theory. In practice, it’s a bitch.”
This post originally appeared at The Atlantic . More: 

Sensex down 339 points; auto stocks plungeSensex down 339 points; auto stocks plunge
Primary market raises Rs. 1 756 cr in August: SEBIPrimary market raises Rs. 1 756 cr in August: SEBI
Victory for Vodafone in Bombay high courtVictory for Vodafone in Bombay high court
Vedanta: Shares fall 7% on mixed production updateVedanta: Shares fall 7% on mixed production update
Hatsun Agro Product: Updates on outcome of board meetingHatsun Agro Product: Updates on outcome of board meeting
After strong Q2  Infosys may revise guidance upwardsAfter strong Q2  Infosys may revise guidance upwards
Give up guns for ploughs  Narendra Modi tells youngstersGive up guns for ploughs  Narendra Modi tells youngsters
Buy VIP Industries  says Mehraboon IraniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy VIP Industries, says Mehraboon Irani
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang recommends buying VIP Industries.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang told CNBC-TV18, " VIP Industries  looks attractive. If you compare VIP to other luggage manufacturers, at Rs 120-122 I don’t think I am going to advice people to book profits. I think the stock possibly should end up outperforming at least as far as the midcap index goes over the next one to three quarters. This is a good retail stock to buy."
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.40 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 27.50. The latest book value of the company is Rs 20.34 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 5.95. The dividend yield of the company was 1.4 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Medi Caps: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 04.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Medi Caps: Updates on outcome of AGM
Medi Caps has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Medi Caps: Updates on outcome of AGM
Medi Caps has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Medi Caps Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Reliance Industries: Mehraboon Irani02:30 pm
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang told CNBC-TV18, "The time is coming for investors to buy  Reliance Industries  (RIL) after the big underperformance over the last 20 years. Over the next six months people need to buy Reliance because with cash available and with the foray into other businesses and with the commitment being given about the investments to be made which ultimately one fine day should bear fruits for the company, Reliance should be a stock where one should go and put in money and possibly include it as a part of the core portfolio between now and maybe March 2015."
"This is a stock which one needs to go and buy. I don’t think it is going to outperform in a hurry at least in the near future," he added.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group
RELATED NEWS

Marked up prices  server crash spoil Flipkart party‘Marked up’ prices, server crash spoil Flipkart party
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 06, 2014
First Published: 17:23 IST(6/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:53 IST(7/10/2014)
Comments
The great deals and discounts that e-commerce majors such as Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and others are announcing in full-page advertisements every day this festive season may not all be for real.
India’s biggest e-commmerce company, Flipkart, in particular earned the ire of disgruntled shoppers by offering some supposedly discounted items at prices higher than what rivals such as Amazon and Snapdeal were offering.
For instance, a MacBookAir 13” was priced at Rs. 56,490 on Flipkart but Snapdeal sold it for Rs. 49,999.
In other instances, the company allegedly marked up the retail prices of some products and then offered “discounts” that brought the selling prices close to market rates.
“But the digital customer is smart. With so many social sites, it will be difficult to pull a wool over their eyes. They will see through any such attempt,” said Sandeep Komaravelly, senior VP (marketing) at rival Snapdeal.com.
To be fair, this practice of ramping up prices and then offering a “discount” was not true for all products, since a few discounts were genuine and lapped up by the customers.
Flipkart’s big festive season sale, The Big Billion Day, overburdened its servers, which crashed within two hours of the sale opening, angering shoppers further. “The traffic was heavy but our server did not crash,” a Flipkart spokesperson said, but refused to give any details.
Shoppers took to Twitter, Facebook and blogging to attack the company’s pricing.
A Twitter user, @Surnell, posted screenshots of what purported to show Flipkart raising prices of a product in the run-up to the sale only to slap a discount on Monday.
Dear @Flipkart Your 29% Discount demystified pic.twitter.com/U7rXfLkBty
— Suresh En (@surnell) October 6, 2014
“We got a billion hits on our site today and achieved our 24 hour sales target of $100 million (Rs 600 crore) in gross merchandise value (industry lingo for sales) in just 10 hours.
We are truly humbled by the immense faith our customers have shown in us,” Flipkart’s promoters Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a statement on Monday evening.
Underlining the fierce battle for customers among e-commerce companies, Amazon, the world’s largest online retailer, bought the domain name “bigbillionday.com” (Flipkart’s name for its sale), which redirects customers to amazon.com and trolls Flipkart.
Monday’s sale brought hordes of shoppers not only to Flipkart but to other retailers as well. “We have seen a 30% jump today and over the last week, the traffic has been 10% higher than what we get very month,” Snapdeal’s Komaravelly.
Amazon spokesperson said, “Today, on the last day of our ‘Mission to Mars’ campaign, we have witnessed a 100% increase in sales since yesterday.
It is our biggest day ever and we believe it is owed to the introduction of Dhamaka deals every hour through the day  and ensuring the availability of the deals advertised.”
Amazon will hold week three of the “Online Shopping Dhamaka” festive celebrations followed by the “Diwali Dhamaka Week” starting October 10.

RBI rejig: Raghuram Rajan names 3 new executive directorsComments
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday announced a restructuring in some of its departments, elevating key senior officials as part of an ongoing revamp programme that aims to widen the central bank’s analytical and research capabilities.
The portfolio reorganisation, which includes promotion of three senior officers as executive directors, is scheduled to be completed by the end of the month, the RBI said in a statement. The reallocation of portfolios will be effective from November 3.
Under the exercise, MD Patra will head the departments of economic and policy research, monetary policy, and communication, while KK Vohra will manage human resources, corporate strategy and budget; G Mahalingam will be in charge of the department of statistics and information management, financial market operations and the international department.
The move is widely seen as part of RBI governor Raghuram Rajan’s efforts to improve the central bank’s research expertise and bring it on par with that of the US Federal Reserve and the UK’s Bank of England.
The reorganisation has focused on portfolio reallocation in departments such as risk monitoring, foreign exchange, financial markets regulation, department of currency management, department of banking regulation and banking supervision.
“RBI’s role and responsibilities have increased and the effort is to align the central bank with the best in the world,” said the treasury head of a private bank.
“Departments have been moved to be in sync with the larger role of monetary policy-making.”
The key focus is on departments such as financial markets regulation, which covers market intelligence and the departments of economic and policy research and monetary policy, which looks after the forecasting and modelling units.
“The RBI has also sent a signal that it plans to take on an enhanced role in effectively forecasting inflation and to draw appropriate plans to address the situation,” said the finance director of a Mumbai-based company.
The RBI board recently approved Rajan’s plan to create the post of a chief operating officer besides that of an additional deputy governor.

Sensex rises 390 points to one-week highMarket update: Sensex rises 390 points to one-week high on Federal Reserve meet
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-session losing streak, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Thursday surged by 390 points to close at over one-week high on handsome gains in bluechip stocks, BHEL and Hindalco, as US Federal Reserve signalled that there wouldn't be immediate rate hike.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE Nifty regained 7,900 level by rising 117.85 points or 1.5 per cent to its highest level in four days to 7,960.55.
Brokers said the trading sentiment bolstered on the release of minutes of meeting of US Federal Reserve, confirming interest rates would remain low, triggering all-round buying by funds and retail investors.
Globally, mixed closing in choppy trade on the other Asian markets and a higher opening of the European stocks, also influenced the sentiment, they added.
The benchmark BSE 30-share Sensex resumed in positive zone and gathered momentum to touch session's high of 26,688.70, before settling at 26,637.28 - a rise of 390.49 points, or 1.49 per cent. Previously, it had zoomed 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent on September 18.
The gauge had lost over 383 points in the past three sessions.
Minutes from the Fed's September meeting showed policymakers cautious about rushing into rate hikes, and worried that the dollar is rising too fast.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to over two-week high to 60.96 (intra-day) against the dollar and easing global crude prices which fell to two-year low, too influenced sentiments, they added.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty, banking, power and metal ending in positive zone with gains of up to 3.01 per cent.
In the 30-Sensex constituents, 25 ended higher led by BHEL (8.37 per cent), Hindalco (6.01 per cent) and SBI (2.84 per cent), while five shares ended lower led by Wipro (down 0.83 per cent).
Sectorally, auto, bankex and consumer durables were the biggest gainers.
Mr. Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said," Equities traded strong for the day with the help of blue chip companies as Asian markets traded positively, with the regional index rising from its lowest level since May as yesterday Fed reserve in its minutes stated that the interest rate will remain near zero for the considerable time after it stops buying assets".
25 scrips out of 30-share sensex pack ended higher while five others finished lower.
Major gainers were BHEL (8.37 pct), Hindalco (6.01 pct) , SBI (2.84 pct), HDFC (2.68 pct), Icici Bank (2.64 pct), Larsen (2.58 pct), Tata Power (2.55 pct), Axis Bank (2.32 pct), Tata Steel (2.31 pct), HDFC Bank (2.25 pct), Tata Motors (1.95 pct), Reliance Industries (1.87 pct), Maruti (1.77 pct), Sun Pharma (1.70 pct), SSLT (1.69 pct), Gail (1.48 pct), Bharti Airtel (1.16 pct) and ONGC (1.13 pct).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, consumer goods rose by 3.01 pct followed by Realty 2.61 pct, Bankex 2.51 pct, Power 2.25 pct, Metal 1.91 pct, Oil and Gas 1.34 pct and Auto 0.96 pct.
Mid-cap and Small-cap indices also rose by 1.83 pct and 1.59 pct respectively on fresh buying from retail investors.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,440.99 crore on Wednesday.
The total market breadth turned positive as 2,015 stocks closed higher while 932 finished lower. Total turnover dropped to Rs 2,665.52 crs from Rs 2,796.49 cr from Wednesday.

Indian hacks Pak website  says keep dreaming about KashmirEYE BROWSE
Indian hacker hacks Pak railways website, says keep dreaming about Kashmir
The hacker calling himself Zukr@in, posted a message mocking Pakistan People’s Party's Bilawal Bhutto for his recent comments on Kashmir.
Yahoo India –  Thu 9 Oct, 2014
NEW DELHI: Amid the border stand-off, a cyber war too broke out between India and Pakistan with an Indian hacker hacking Pakistan People’s Party's official website and taking down Pakistan Railways website.
(Image courtesy: http://defencelover.in/)
The hacker calling himself Zukr@in, posted a message mocking Pakistan People’s Party's Bilawal Bhutto for his recent comments on Kashmir saying: 'Bilawal Bhutto...what? do you think you will get Kashmir? Sala apna Pakistan nahi sambhal sakata aur chale Kashmir lene. Bilawal sirf sapna dekhte reh ja (You can't govern Pakistan and you are asking for Kashmir. Bilawal, you can only dream)
'You will never get kashmir Bilawal Bhutto! Next time if you ask for Kashmir then really I will destroy the whole site'
This is the second time that an Indian group hacked the official Pakistan Railways website.
In August this year, a group named Black Dragon Indian Hacker Online Squad hacked the site and left a message: 'Hello, citizens of Pakistan; this site has been hacked. Years of injustice and misbehaviour and bloodshed from Kashmir in India by Pakistan. Big numbers of Indian websites including government are being hacked by your cyber-brothers.'
Black Dragon hacked into Pakistan People’s Party's website yesterday, mocking Bilawal Bhutto that Kashmir would never go to Pakistan.
In September, Bilawal Bhutto his party Pakistan People's Party will get back entire Kashmir from India.
Addressing his party workers in Multan, Benazir Bhutto's son Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was quoted by PTI saying: 'I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan.'
Recommend

Beer 101: Big changes brewingBeer 101: Big changes are brewing
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 9, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
 
The world's biggest beer brewers
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Big changes are brewing in the beer business. Pour yourself a cold one, we'll fill you in on the details.
First of all, it's not just about guzzling any old beer any more. More and more beer drinkers in the U.S. are quaffing expensive, flavorful craft beers sold in local markets.
But if craft beer is small and hyper local, big beer is huge and hyper global.
The largest beer companies have aggressively courted new markets in far-flung countries. Asia, led by China, is drinking more lagers and ales.
And companies with global ambition need size and heft. So, they've been buying each other to the point where almost all the best-known beer brands are owned by just about four companies.
Anheuser-Busch InBev, Heineken, SABMiller and Carlsberg together control 70% of the nearly $150 billion global beer market. Formed of the union of beer brewers around the world, they have led to such a varied portfolio of global beers, it can almost make your head spin.
Anheuser-Busch InBev ( BUD ), the largest of the lot, was formed of the union of Belgian beverage giant InBev and American powerhouse Anheuser-Busch. In its portfolio: Budweiser and Bud Lite, the best-sellers in the United States. It also owns the America's most popular imported beer : Corona and many others.
Apparently, that's not quite enough. There are reports that AB InBev wants to get even bigger and is raising funds to buy SABMiller ( SBMRF ), the world's third-largest brewer.
SABMiller is best known in the U.S. for Miller Genuine Draft and Miller Lite. SABMiller was formed in 2002 when South African Brewers (or SAB) bought Miller Brewing Company. The London-based beer giant also bought Australia's Fosters a few years ago.
Not wanting to be perceived like it was being left behind, SABMiller recently made an offer to buy Heineken, the world's second largest beer maker.
Heineken, best known for its namesake brand, rejected the offer. The Dutch brewer owns hundreds of premium, regional and specialty beers in Europe.
And like the other beer giants, Heineken too has been expanding in Asia. In 2012, Heineken bought Asia Pacific Breweries, maker of Tiger beer and Indonesia's Bintang, for $4.6 billion. It has also been buying breweries across Africa and South America.
But the most popular beer in the world is one that many in the western hemisphere have probably never even heard of. Snow is the most consumed beer in the world and is sold in China. The lager is made by China Resources Enterprise and SABMiller. The Chinese knocked back 10.3 billion liters of Snow last year.
China surpassed the United States in 2010 to become the biggest beer market in the world, in terms of total volume, according to market researcher IBISWorld.
SABMiller also owns a majority stake in a joint venture with Molson Coors ( TAP ), which is itself a collaboration between Canadian and American companies. That joint venture, called MillerCoors, sells well-known beers Coors Lite, Keystone and Blue Moon, among others.
As the big beer companies are busy getting bigger, it's the little guys that are getting all the attention in the neighborhood pubs.
Craft beer makers , often referred to as microbreweries, make small quantities of beer in multiple flavors and colors and typically only sell in their local market .
Sales of craft beer rose more than 17% last year, even as overall beer sales declined, according to the Brewers Association, which represents small brewers.
Samuel Adams , brewed by Boston Beer ( SAM ), is the top-selling craft beer brand in America. But most craft beers are by definition small, and produced and sold locally.

Andrew Burton / Getty Images fileandrew burton / getty images file
Dogfish Head Founder Hands Over CEO Role to BenzKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Oil Prices Extend Losses on Demand FearsYou are here: Home Commodities
Oil Prices Extend Losses on Demand Fears
Agence France Presse | Updated On: October 10, 2014 08:44 (IST)
Government to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Singapore: Oil prices sank Friday to more than two-year lows as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand, analysts said.
In Asian trade US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery tumbled $1.49 to $84.87, its weakest level since June 2012.
Brent crude fell $1.61 to $88.44, also the lowest level since June 2012.
The losses come as equities markets suffer another heavy sell-off.
Another round of negative eurozone data showed a 5.8 per cent slump in German exports in August, while leading think tanks also slashed their growth forecasts for the eurozone's largest economy.
In the United States, a closely monitored report showed rising crude inventories, signalling weakening demand in the world's top oil consuming nation.
Meanwhile, prices have also been dampened by ample global supplies owing to increased US shale gas production and a return to the market of Libyan oil following a prolonged disruption due to civil unrest.
"Oil tumbled on the back of relentless anxiety about oversupply and waning global demand, sending Brent and West Texas Intermediate hurtling to levels unseen since 2012," Singapore's United Overseas Bank said.
Adding to investors concerns, International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned Thursday that there was a 35-40 percent chance of the eurozone slipping back into recession if action is not taken to prevent it. The Fund this week cut its forecast for global growth in 2014 and 2015.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 08:42 (IST)

It is tech  not terror  thats shrinking boundaries in Yogi Adityanaths home turfIt is tech, not terror, that’s shrinking boundaries in Yogi Adityanath’s home turf
Seema Chishti | Basti | Published:  Oct 10 2014, 09:10  IST
Oct 10 2014, 09:10  IST
 

Infosys Q2 net profit rises  beats estimatesInfosys Q2 net profit rises to Rs 3,096 crore, earnings beat estimates
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 11:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Infosys on Friday posted 28.6 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 3,096 crore for the quarter ended September 30 beating market expectations.
The Bangalore-based IT-services provider had reported a net profit of Rs 2,407 crore in the year-ago period, it said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The company's consolidated revenue was up 2.9 per cent to Rs 13,342 crore in the reporting quarter from Rs 12,965 crore in the year-ago period.
In the April-June quarter for the current fiscal, Infosys reported a net profit of Rs 2,886 crore and a revenue of Rs 12,770 crore.
Buoyed by a strong set of numbers, the IT services major has declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share as compared to Rs 20 in the previous year.
It has also recommended a bonus issue of one equity share for every equity share held, and a bonus issue of a stock dividend of one American Depositary Share (ADS) for every ADS held, respectively.
The better-than-expected set of numbers pushed the company's stock up 5.61 per cent to Rs 3,850.05 a piece in early trade on the BSE.
For the current fiscal, Infosys maintained its revenue guidance of 7-9 per cent growth.
In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4 per cent to US $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from US $383 million in the year-ago period.
In dollar terms, the company's revenues rose 6.5 per cent to US $2.2 billion in the July-September quarter of 2014-15 fiscal from US $2.07 billion in the same quarter of previous financial year.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," Infosys CEO and Managing Director Vishal Sikka said.
He added that the company's strategy is to apply the same principles to its own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate growth.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal said.
During the July-September quarter, the country's second-largest software services firm and its subsidiaries added 49 clients.
Infosys made a gross addition of 14,255 employees (net addition of 4,127) for the said quarter, taking its total headcount to 1,65,411 as of September 30, 2014.
The company's attrition level was higher at 20.1 per cent in the said quarter as compared to 19.5 per cent in the June quarter.

Infosys positive ahead of strategy updateInfosys shares bounce ahead of strategy update
By Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31a4bada-503b-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Financial Times leads todayBrussels in crackdown on ‘double Irish’ tax loophole
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vincent Boland in Dublin and Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba95cff0-4fcd-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

"Our jawans have shut Pakistan s mouth" : ModiPress Trust of India | Dhamangaon (maha) | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:46 pm
As firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said Pakistan has been taught a “befitting lesson” with the Army “shutting their mouth”.
“Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth,” he said addressing an election rally here.
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
“I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere,” he said.
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government’s response to Pakistan’s aggression.
“Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty ‘boli’ (talk) by them, but for ‘goli’ (bullet) by our jawans,” he said.

Burdwan blast: Facts will come out after NIA probe  says Keshri Nath TripathiPress Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: October 10, 2014 2:57 pm
A day after the Centre decided to hand over to NIA the probe into the Burdwan bomb blast, West Bengal Governor Keshri Nath Tripathi on Friday said the “real facts” would come out after the investigation is done.
“NIA is investigating the blast in Burdwan and I think real facts will come out after the probe,” the governor said in Kolkata.
West Bengal is a state bordering Bangladesh and it is necessary to be specially alert and take measures to maintain law and order, he said.
The Centre had on Thursday decided to hand over to NIA the probe into the bomb blast in Burdwan in which the role of terror groups is suspected.
The Trinamool Congress government, which had said it had faith in the ongoing CID investigation, said the decision was taken suo motu.
It is perhaps for the first time that the Centre has taken a suo motu decision to hand over a probe into a bomb blast case in any part of the country to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) since this premier agency was created in 2008 after the Mumbai terror attack.
Two suspected militants – Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal – were killed and another person Hasan Saheb was injured in the explosion on October 2 in a house at Khagragarh in Burdwan town.
Four persons, including two women, have been arrested so far in the case.

Control of public spendingFollow us on Twitter:  @landg_uk #NigelsBlog
Squaring the circle on public spending.
06 October 2014
Control of public spending and deficits seems to be going haywire – in Europe and in the UK too.
Nigel Wilson, CEO of Legal & General
In France, President Hollande has simply said ‘Non’ to the 3% deficit limit rule which was formerly a requirement for countries to be part of the Eurozone. The European Central Bank has hinted that, never mind austerity, even money printing won’t be enough to restore growth. And in the UK David Cameron has promised £7.2 billion of tax cuts in the next Parliament, even though NHS spending is to be ring-fenced.  So far, there has been no explanation of how this is to be funded.
Austerity doesn’t win any votes
This is austerity fatigue. We know the public votes against austerity politicians – just look at the parade of EU governments voted out of office since 2009.  And we know that the public don’t see the benefits of sound economic management or even economic recovery when real wages continue to stagnate or decline, and the pound in your pocket buys less.
As has been observed, not all 3 per cents are the same: 3% GDP growth + 0% wage growth is less attractive than 1% GDP growth + 2% real wage rises.  In the UK we have the former – hence the threat for the government of a ‘voteless recovery’. Of course, growth would be higher if companies didn’t leave cash on their balance sheets and stopped doing  share buybacks, and chose instead  to invest it in more productive ways. I’ll talk about this more in future blogs.
Easy money now, but you can’t put off the day of reckoning
At one level, fiscal rectitude may not matter as much as it used to. Capital markets don’t seem to punish over-spending governments and reward disciplined ones any more.  Bond spreads for government debt (the price governments pay for their debt, relative to one another) are topsy-turvy, so there is no penalty for excessive public spending. And governments can print digital money through Quantitative Easing Programmes should they need it – the UK has done £375 billion this way, while the stubborn annual deficit of £100 billion remains largely untouched, and this year may be rising.
But at some point, as with all debt, there comes a day of reckoning – not necessarily as governments default, but as they pass on this indebtedness to individuals and families.  That’s why we do need to try to help governments balance the books: at the end of the day, their debts are OUR debts, or our children’s debts.
Here are three reforms to enable the UK government to get spending under control and fund the £7.2bn tax cuts David Cameron has promised while still protecting the NHS:
1) Make pensions tax relief fairer.
The current arrangements where higher-rate taxpayers get tax relief at their marginal rate is expensive and unfair. Over two thirds of the tax subsidy goes to the better-off. 
Moving to a standard tax relief rate of 25% would be fairer, would give a greater incentive to those who most need to save for old age, and cut the government’s bill by about £8bn annually. Initially unpopular with richer voters, it will have to happen at some point anyway – a bit like what happened to mortgage tax relief.
2) We need to reform contributory benefits. 
Contributory sickness (ESA) and unemployment benefits (JSA) cost the government over £5 billion annually, if you combine the cost of the benefits and the lost tax revenue. They’re complicated to administer and are not genuinely ‘contributory’ – merely another aspect of tax and NI. 
They could be scrapped and replaced with a simple insurance-based solution that makes use of the structures put in place for pensions auto-enrolment. 
A genuinely contributory system can be built which could give people  the same or  better income replacement than the present contributory welfare system. And it would cost less: £10 per month or around the same as one lottery ticket a  week. The carrot for people to join the scheme and their employers to administer it, would be  reduced national Insurance contributions, particularly skewed towards small employers and the lower paid.
Using half the savings generated from pension tax reform (half of £8 billion, i.e. £4 billion) and 40% of the savings from reforming contributory benefits (half of £5 billion i.e. £2.5 billion) to cut NI contributions by £6.5 billion annually, would make a real difference to incomes, and to jobs. NI is a tax on employment, after all.  And this would still generate £6.5bn out of the £7.2 billion needed to fund the tax cuts announced at the Tory Party Conference.
3) Let’s rebuild Britain’s cities.
The third reform, slower but bigger, is the one that would easily deliver the remaining £0.7 billion requirement and start to cut in to the much bigger structural deficit, where the Chancellor has promised £40 billion of cuts in the next Parliament. We need to push forward with UK city and infrastructure regeneration. Cities drive growth. 
A swift set of local funding deals will give core cities the freedom to push on with privately-funded regeneration and give Government a lift to GDP growth and a corresponding rise in the tax take. Deals like the one Manchester has in place can be replicated easily. If the result is a (very conservatively-estimated) 1% rise in GDP,  then the public sector deficit starts being  eroded quickly.
None of the changes are too difficult to deliver. They could and should have been delivered already. Each combines greater discipline in public finances with benefits for the individual and better overall growth in jobs, take-home pay and the economy.
Let’s get on with it.
 
  
I also want to hear from you: 
What would you propose the government does to get spending under control so that our children might have a better start in life?
Tell us on Facebook  

Microsoft s workforce: 71% male  29% female.Women
Inside Microsoft
We strive to create an environment that helps Microsoft capitalize on the diversity of its people and the inclusion of ideas and solutions to meet the needs of its increasingly global and diverse customer base.
Share
Our employee community
At Microsoft, we believe that our continued success depends on the diverse skills, experiences, and backgrounds that our employees bring to the company. To help foster diversity and inclusion, Microsoft has a rich community of Employee Resource Groups (ERG) and Employee Networks (EN). These organizations provide career development, support, networking opportunities, mentoring, community participation, product input, and assistance in activities that promote cultural awareness. Their programs include speaker series, scholarship programs, community service, development conferences, and heritage celebrations.
Our employee resource groups

PM Narendra Modi directs compensation for those displaced by Pak firingPrint
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to one of the worst violations by Pakistan since October 1. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:32 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 3:38 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday directed that people displaced from border areas of Jammu and Kashmir because of Pakistani shelling should be suitably compensated.
The details of compensation would be announced in “due course,” a PMO statement said in New Delhi.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed that people who have been displaced from the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to dastardly acts of shelling by Pakistan over the last few days, be suitably compensated,” the statement said.
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from border villages of Jammu and Kashmir due to one of the worst violations of the 2003 ceasefire by Pakistan since October 1.
Pakistani troops targeted over 130 villages and 60 Border Out Posts on the intervening night of October 8 and 9 in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
Under fire from the opposition over escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan, Modi had on Thursday said India has responded to the aggression with courage and lamented public debate on the issue for political gains.
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage,” Modi said at an election rally in Maharashtra.
On Wednesday, responding to questions from reporters on border situation, Modi had said “everything will be fine soon.”

Why US is opposing China s answer to World ...(For almost a year, China…)
By Jane Perlez
BEIJING: For almost a year, China has been pitching an idea to its neighbors in Asia: a big, internationally funded bank that would offer quick financing for badly needed transportation, telecommunications and energy projects in underdeveloped countries across the region.
With the public backing of President Xi Jinping and a pledge from Beijing to contribute much of the $50 billion in initial capital, the plan could be seen as an answer to critics who have long argued that China should take on greater responsibilities as a world power. But the United States, perhaps the most vocal of such critics, especially on issues such as climate change and arms proliferation, has not embraced the Chinese proposal.
Instead, in quiet conversations with China's potential partners, US officials have lobbied against the development bank with unexpected determination and engaged in a vigorous campaign to persuade important allies to shun the project, according to senior US officials and representatives of other governments involved.
The dispute, the latest manifestation of Chinese-American competition in Asia, could escalate in coming weeks, as Beijing pushes to confirm South Korea and Australia as founding partners of the bank in time for Xi to formally announce it at a summit meeting of Asian leaders in November. President Barack Obama is scheduled to attend the meeting, and Washington is pressing the two countries to reject the Chinese plan.
Beijing has asked dozens of nations to contribute funds to the bank, which it calls the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, and hopes it will become a global institution that rivals the World Bank. To give it broader scope, the Chinese have invited and won the support of some wealthy Middle East nations, including Qatar and Saudi Arabia. But if Washington persuades South Korea and Australia to abstain, it would all but ensure membership in the bank would be limited to smaller countries, depriving it of the prestige and respectability the Chinese seek.
The US Treasury Department has criticized the bank as a deliberate effort to undercut the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, international financial institutions established after World War II that are dominated by the United States and Japan, senior South Korean and Australian officials said. Washington also sees the bank as a political tool for China to pull countries in Southeast Asia closer to its orbit, a soft-power play that promises economic benefits while polishing its image among neighbors anxious about its territorial claims.
A senior Obama administration official said the Treasury Department had concluded that the new bank would fail to meet environmental standards, procurement requirements and other safeguards adopted by the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, including protections intended to prevent the forced removal of vulnerable populations from their lands.
"How would the new institution add value? How would the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank be structured so that it doesn't undercut the standards with a race to the bottom?" asked the senior official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the administration has asked its members to refrain from publicly criticizing the Chinese proposal.
But Washington's arguments run up against undisputed needs on the ground in Asia - needs that existing institutions have been unable to meet, some development experts said.
The Asian Development Bank estimated in 2009 that the region would need as much as $8 trillion in investments in physical infrastructure by 2020 - an amount that exceeds what it or the World Bank can muster, experts at the two banks said.
Clay Lowery, a senior US Treasury official from 2005 to 2009, said the Obama administration's objections are not entirely well founded. The Chinese plan, he argued, "could be a positive development - potentially a great way to get Asian countries to work together on significant financial needs in the region."
Last year, the United States said it would oppose financing of coal-fired power plants by the Asian Development Bank because of concerns about global warming. And early this year, Washington said it would not support construction of dams by the bank if they displaced people from their homes.
 
"Energy is one of the biggest needs of economic growth in Asia, and China will be able to promise projects without these hindrances," said a senior ADB official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the bank does not want to be seen in a public spat with China. The Manila-based bank has become so encumbered with restrictions that it now takes up to seven years on average for a project to go from proposal to approval to completion, the official said.

Delhi HC orders INLD chief Chautala to surrender tomorrowINLD chief Chautala to go back to jail today
Soibam Rocky Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 15:26 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:23 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
The Delhi high court on Friday cut short INLD leader Om Prakash Chautala’s campaign for the Haryana election and ordered him back to the high-security Tihar jail, where he is serving a 10-year term in a teacher recruitment scandal.
The court asked the former Haryana chief minister to surrender by Saturday and was critical of him for violating bail conditions — granted on plea of ill-health — by campaigning extensively for the October 15 election.
“You (Chautala) cannot take the court for a ride and cannot be permitted to question the majesty, dignity and decorum of this court,” justice Siddharth Mridul said. The court had on a number of occasions extended the bail first granted in May 2013.
After Cong, BJP misusing CBI: Abhay Chautala
With three days to go for the voting, it remains to be seen if the order will have a bearing on the fortunes of the Indian National Lok Dal, eyeing a comeback in the northern state.
The party has been counting on Chautala, its senior-most leader, to take on an aggressive BJP and capitalise on the anti-incumbency faced by the ruling Congress.
But, Chautala in jail may also translate into sympathy votes for the INLD that has considerable influence over Jat voters, expected to influence the outcome in at least 25 of the 90 assembly seats.
 In fact, the INLD accused the BJP of misusing the CBI to keep Chautala away from people.
His battery of lawyers, led by Ram Jethmalani, tried to convince the court to allow the 79-year-old to stay out of jail till Monday. But the court refused relief. “Let him surrender tomorrow. Let’s not bargain over this,” it said.
In an earlier hearing, the court had set October 17 as the date for surrender. In a plea filed Thursday, the CBI said Chautala be asked to return to jail immediately as he was busy holding poll rallies in violation of bail conditions.
Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others were sentenced to 10-year jail term on January 2013 for illegally recruiting 3,206 junior teachers. The former CM has challenged the judgment in the high court and a verdict is awaited.
Earlier in the day, Chautala appeared before a special CBI judge in a 2006 disproportionate assets case, which will now come up for hearing on October 30.
(With inputs from Avantika Mehta, Kumar Uttam)

http://usat.ly/1ye9A4VEMAIL
Bill Gross (USA TODAY photo)
Bill Gross, noted for his sometimes stem-winding outlook pieces at Pimco, is now writing them for his new employer, Janus Capital. This month’s theme: Dancing as a metaphor for the current bond environment.
“The dancing has begun to resemble the last stages of a 1920s marathon with partners clinging to each other in a desperate attempt to keep from falling down,” Gross writes.
Highlights:
Why did I leave Pimco? “Had there been a reasonable way to continue there, I would have stayed to my last breath. … I came to understand that it was time for me to leave.”
Financial markets are artificially priced. “We have had our Biblical seven years of fat. We must look forward, almost by mathematical necessity, to seven figurative years of leaner: Bonds – 3% to 4% at best, stocks – 5% to 6% on the outside.”
The solution: Not surprisingly, an unconstrained bond fund. “Take your best ideas within the context of a low duration/short maturity portfolio and try to help investors achieve what they consider to be an acceptable return. Watch the fees as well,” Gross writes.
You can read the whole thing here .

http://usat.ly/1vazAwQTop U.S. destinations for fall 2014
Fall travel has a lot to recommend it: mild temperatures, fewer crowds and shoulder-season rates.
Post to Facebook
Top U.S. destinations for fall 2014 Fall travel has a lot to recommend it: mild temperatures, fewer crowds and shoulder-season rates. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vT9eyb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top U.S. destinations for fall 2014
Deb Hopewell, SmarterTravel.com 7 a.m. EDT October 9, 2014
New York never goes out of season for tourists.
(Photo: Songquan Deng, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
1054 CONNECT 285 TWEET 89 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Fall travel has a lot to recommend it: mild temperatures, fewer crowds and shoulder-season rates. So what are the most popular destinations for autumn escapes? SmarterTravel asked Trivago.com , which gets more than 2.5 million daily search queries from more than 175 aggregated hotel booking sites.
Trivago analyzed searches from U.S. users between June 1 and Aug. 31 to find the most popular destinations between Sept. 1 and Nov. 30. Worth noting: Of the top 30 cities, there was only one international contender, London. Read on to find out the top 10 places people are visiting this fall.
Las Vegas
Vegas is the reigning go-to U.S. destination pretty much year-round. Come autumn, it's still warm enough much of the time to lounge poolside, but the milder heat means it's also a great time to venture off the Strip and take day trips to some farther-flung attractions, such as the Grand Canyon or the surrounding mountains. Closer in, check out the new SLS Las Vegas on the north end of the Strip, which just opened in August. It's the new incarnation of what was previously The Sahara, completely gutted and reenvisioned by a team of architects headed up by Philippe Starck.
Take a photo tour of the SLS Las Vegas:
The 1,622-room SLS Las Vegas, designed by Gensler Architects, will debut on the Strip Aug. 23 with three distinct towers. 
(Photo: SLS Las Vegas)
LUX at SLS Las Vegas is an all-suite tower. The target guest is there for leisure and gambling. 
(Photo: SLS Las Vegas)
Each suite has a French influence — apropos given that Starck is French — with oversized sofas, whimsical chandeliers and a custom closet armoire. 
(Photo: SLS Las Vegas)
Plus, there's a peek-a-boo window in the shower looking into the bedroom. 
(Photo: SLS Las Vegas)
The bathroom vanity is accented by a wall-to-wall mirror framed in pink. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
The rooms in the World Tower cater to business and convention travelers. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
Everything is functional, like this corner chair and coffee table with ample lighting. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
The palette is monochromatic with pink accents, and full-length LED-lit mirrors flank the bed. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
Sbe is calling the rooms in the Story Tower the most "ambitious and innovative" at the resort in terms of design. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
Everything revolves around the multi-functional bed that serves as "an entertainment area for guests to gather and connect," according to an sbe statement on the property. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
Guests will most likely be younger and into the nightlife scene. An electric yellow vanity doubles as a bar. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
There's a backlit ceiling mirror and a swivel minibar cabinet. 
(Photo: Skott Snider/SLS Las Vegas)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Last Slide Next Slide
New York
Like Las Vegas, NYC never goes out of season for tourists, and in fall it has its own kind of energy. Daytime temperatures are still comfortably mild, but the chilly nights have set the trees to turning colors—and Central Park is awash in red, yellow and orange. Find a corner somewhere to take in the spectacle that is the New York City Marathon (always the first weekend in November, unless a hurricane dictates otherwise). And it wouldn't be autumn in the Big Apple without a stop at the Union Square Greenmarket for an apple-cider donut.
Myrtle Beach, S.C.
This year, Myrtle Beach launched a campaign called "The Secret's Out: 60 More Days of Summer," capitalizing on the fact that even in October, the air and water temperatures are typically still very summerlike on this swath of the 60-mile Grand Strand. And a bonus this year: Actors in the Magic Mike sequel, Magic Mike XXL, will be in town in early November, filming along the boardwalk, Ocean Boulevard and the towering Myrtle Beach Skywheel. The studio won't confirm which actors will be there, but don't expect that to diminish the crowds hoping for a glimpse of Channing Tatum.
Chicago
Autumn in the Windy City feels like, well, autumn: leaves crunching underfoot, sweaters and scarves on display, and football, basketball and hockey on TV. Those who aren't running in the Chicago Marathon are on the streets cheering the rest on. This fall, the David Bowie exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art is the only U.S. stop for the show, which was organized by London's Victoria and Albert Museum. And this year, the annual Chicago Humanities Festival brings speakers such as Paula Poundstone, Patti Smith, David Brooks, Mark Bittman and Anne Rice to various venues around town.
READ MORE: The year's most popular destinations for fall
Galveston, Texas
Galveston is the beach hangout for Houstonites, who regularly make the 50-mile drive to dip their toes in the Gulf of Mexico along the island city's 32 miles of beaches. In October, the daytime temps average in the high 70s, so fall still invites families on weekends looking for that last blast of summer (even the Schlitterbahn Waterpark stays open on the weekends in October, long after most amusement parks have closed for the season). Away from the water, strolling the city's historic districts—with more than 400 19th-century buildings—is another favorite pastime.
Ocean City, Md.
There was a time this 10-mile-long barrier island was mostly shuttered after the summer season's teems of tourists from surrounding states left its beaches, restaurants and resorts. But now Ocean City entertains millions of visitors all year long, a good chunk of whom come in autumn, when the weather is still pleasant but the summer hordes no longer pack the 3-mile-long boardwalk. It can be a particularly lovely time to visit nearby Assateague Island and its famous wild ponies, or just watch an Atlantic sunrise or sunset over the bay.
San Diego
San Diego's coastline lures visitors all year long, but autumn has its special appeal, when the beaches are relatively empty on the weekdays but the sun is still warm. Head to nearby La Jolla for some upscale shopping and dining, and catch the art and wine festival the second weekend in October. With nearly 90 craft breweries and brewpubs, San Diego has declared itself the "Craft Beer Capital of America," and you'll find nearly all of them represented at the 10-day San Diego Beer Week in October. At night, the Gaslight Quarter downtown is ground zero for rooftop bars and nightclubbing.
Virginia Beach, Va.
Virginia Beach's raison d'être is as a resort town (there's no central, downtown area), stretching along miles of beach, including its seemingly endless, 3-mile-long boardwalk. Families flock here in the summer, but fall still boasts warm days, even as the leaves begin to change colors. Water temps average about 67 degrees in October, which might make it just a little chilly for swimming but still perfect for ocean kayaking among bottlenose dolphins. And since October seems to be the month for beer festivals, Virginia Beach claims one of its own, right on the beach.
San Francisco
Visitors to San Francisco in summertime are too often in for a surprise, and a cold one at that: foggy, windy weather. The City by the Bay really shines in fall, though, when the fog takes a sabbatical, allowing camera-toting tourists those postcard snapshots of the Golden Gate Bridge. For the past 14 years, the free Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival has drawn close to a quarter million music lovers to Golden Gate Park over the first weekend in October. Head over to Union Square Park, in the heart of the city, on Wednesdays and Sundays through October for Union Square Live, featuring free music, dance, and circus performances.
Daytona Beach, Fla.
It's not just the beautiful weather (daytime highs in the mid-70s to low 80s) that draws visitors to this part of the Florida coast. Each October, tens of thousands of motorcycle enthusiasts descend on Daytona Beach for the annual four-day Biketoberfest, and music lovers converge for the Daytona Beach Blues Festival. And all year long, Daytona Beach draws tourists who want to experience the novelty of driving on the beach, thanks to the area's famous hard-packed sand, which has been drawing motorists since the early 1900s.
1054 CONNECT 285 TWEET 89 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vT9eyb
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014
Ready for your dream vacation?
Save time. Get connected for FREE to travel specialists. The journey starts right here at tripology.com
To begin, I'm interested in:
(Check all that apply)

Oil prices have continued their recent slide-
-26.45
After recording its biggest one-day fall of the year on Thursday, the Dow Jones dropped another 0.7% on Friday to close at 16,659.25, losing all the gains it has made this year.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq index slumped 2.3% to 4,276.24, led lower by semiconductor makers. Microchip Technology, which cut its sales forecast for the quarter and warned that declines could be expected across the industry, saw its share price fall by 12%.
The broader S&P 500 index fell 1% to 1,906.13.
'Uncharted territory'
"There are definitely some headwinds on the market right now and they're coming out of Europe,'' Erik Davidson, deputy chief investment officer of Wells Fargo Private Bank, told the Associated Press.
Over in Europe, share price falls were just as steep. Germany's Dax fell 2.4% to 8,788.81, while France's Cac-40 dropped 1.6% to 4,073.71 points.
The price of Brent crude oil dropped $1.65 to $88.40 a barrel at one point before recovering some ground to stand at $89.64.
US oil fell by $1.92 a barrel to $83.85, its weakest level since June 2012, although it also regained some ground to stand at $89.39. Both oil benchmarks have lost about 20% since their peak in June.
Oil prices have been undermined by a combination of increasing supplies and weakening demand.
Libya has recently increased its supply of oil to the open market, and demand from China, the world's second biggest user of oil, has slipped as its economic growth has slackened off.
Carsten Fritsch, commodities analyst at Commerzbank, told Reuters the oil markets were now in "panic mode".
"Panic and capitulation. We are now in uncharted territory," he said. "The rout will probably continue until [oil cartel] Opec says enough is enough."
Eurozone risks
This week, German economic data has presented a consistently negative picture. Figures released on Thursday showed exports fell 5.8% in August, and this followed weak industrial output figures on Tuesday.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) said it was concerned by the country's slowdown.

Gujarat HC scraps snoopgate panelGujarat HC scraps ‘snoopgate’ panel
PTI
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 10:  
The Gujarat High Court today set aside the state government notification appointing Justice Sugnya Bhatt Commission to probe the alleged snooping on a Bangalore-based woman architect.
Granting the plea of the woman’s father, Justice Paresh Upadhyay set aside the state government notification, under which the two-member Commission of retired Justice Sugnya Bhatt and former IAS officer K C Kapoor was formed.
The Gujarat government had on November 25 formed the Commission to probe the alleged snooping scandal, in which surveillance was carried out by state police on instruction of BJP president Amit Shah (then Minister of State for Home in Gujarat government) on the behest of one ‘Saheb’
The Opposition had at that time alleged that the ’Saheb’ was then state Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
The woman’s father had approached the High Court yesterday and demanded to set aside the probe Commission, contending that they were not ‘aggrieved’ with the alleged surveillance.
The inquiry by Commission is an infringement to his daughter’s ‘Right of privacy’, the petitioner said.
The petitioner contended that as per section 3 of the ’Commission of Inquiry’s Act 1952, the state or Central government can form an inquiry commission to probe an issue or many issues related to public interest.
However, in this case the issue is related to someone’s privacy and further inquiry would be an infringement of the privacy, the petition said.
Advocate N D Nanavati argued before the HC that the Commission was formed merely on the basis of news reports.
The alleged surveillance was done in 2009, so what made media to release the news reports after four years, Nanavati said.
He further argued that the formation of the Commission was an arbitrary action by the state government, as per the law, since the petitioner was not aggrieved.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

M.P. amends tourism policy to woo investorsM.P. amends tourism policy to woo investors
PTI
Tweet
Indore, Oct 10:  
The Madhya Pradesh government has amended its tourism policy and decided to stop levying luxury tax on hotels charging less than Rs 3,000 per day for a room, M.P. tourism and culture minister Surendra Patwa said today.
“In order to encourage investment in the state, certain amendments have been made in the tourism policy this year. There is lot of scope for religious tourism, water tourism and wildlife tourism in the state,” Patwa told investors during the ongoing Global Investors Summit here.
Following the efforts made by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, the Indore-Dubai flight service by Emirates airline is expected to start in December this year, he said.
As per the amended tourism policy, 25 per cent capital subsidy has been proposed on the construction of convention centres having a capacity of 500 or more seats. The maximum subsidy limit would be Rs 10 crore, state tourism secretary Hariranjan Rao said.
The number of tourists visiting the state has been regularly increasing, he said.
“In 2006, one crore tourists had visited the state. This increased to about six crore visitors in 2013,” Rao said.
He also said that a 10 per cent subsidy would be provided on the expenses incurred for construction of budget hotels in the state.
Besides, bank loan facility would be provided for construction of hotels on leased land, he added.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Will Narendra Modi s economic diplomacy workShweta Punj      Follow @shwetapunj    Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 17:23 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Driving around Lutyens' Delhi these past few months has been a commuters' nightmare and a Vexillologists' delight -  the city has seen hundreds of flag changes to honour visits by heads of state who have trooped in and out of the city (it's protocol to display the flag of the visiting country head along-side the Indian flag on the road leading up to Rajpath, South Block, airport, and at all meeting venues).
The historic city dotted with its mausoleums, architectural relics, forts has resembled a fortress on several occasions  - with heightened security, traffic checkpoints and choked roads as Prime Minister Narendra Modi, huddled in meetings, realigns India's passage to the world.
The most recent visitor to the capital was the President of China, XI Jinping , who gave a commitment to realise $20 billion investment from China in the next five years and a reduction in the awfully skewed trade balance. China's exports to India were at a paltry $3,019 million, while India imported Chinese goods worth $13,744 million between April-June 2014/15.
India's current account deficit has been and continues to be a reason of enormous worry for economists - CAD is a measure of a country's trade - while the deficit narrowed to 1.7 per cent of GDP in the first quarter of 2014/15 to $7.8 billion from $21.8 billion a year earlier, as exports rose 10.6 per cent compared with a 1.5 per cent decline a year earlier, imports fell 6.5 per to $116.4 billion on the back of a 57 per cent fall in gold imports. Non-gold imports, however, rose 1.3 per cent as against a decline of 0.6 per cent in corresponding quarter of 2013/14.
"Effectively, nothing has changed. A lot of gold is coming through the hawala route, it has shifted from visible to invisible. Industry has grown quite import dependent. We should be able to push exports and explore newer markets. We have been talking about it, we have to match talk with concrete actions," observes Biswajit Dhar, Director General of Research and Information System of Developing Countries.
Professor N.R. Bhanumurthy of National Institute of Public Finance and Policy terms a current account deficit of 1.7 per cent with 4.5 per cent growth "a major concern". "This is despite negative growth in imports. Imports are still high and IIP (Index of Industrial production) is low. A CAD of one per cent would be comfortable with a below five per cent growth rate," he adds.
Successively, over the years, India's leadership has inadvertently pushed services over manufacturing , and reclaiming India's position as a manufacturing hub, as articulated by the Prime Minister on several occasions, to increase the share of manufacturing from 15 per cent to 25 per cent of GDP will also entail reducing industry's dependence on imports, apart from a host of other factors centred around facilitating ease of doing business in a nation where businesses spend anything between 19 and 29 per cent of their total expenses on meeting regulatory requirements, as compared to 10 per cent in business friendly countries.
"From agarbatis (incense sticks) to Ganesha idols, everything is coming from China, because it is cheaper to import than manufacture here. Traders are making money selling these things cheap. In the last decade about two million jobs were lost in the handicraft sector," laments former home and commerce secretary G.K. Pillai. "He (PM) has to take much tougher decisions against those who are only importing, somebody has to feel the pinch," he adds.
While Chinese lights decorate Indian homes during Diwali and Chinese apples deluge Indian fruit marts, China is yet to allow import of India's basmati rice. It is India's ability to wrestle such nitty-gritty that will form the basis of success or failure of Modi's big economic diplomacy push. India is not new to capitalise on foreign relations to further economic interest, but to say that the last few years in particular saw foreign-economic policy hang in a limbo will not be an exaggeration.
Accelerating a foreign-economic policy that had been static for too long has been a job well done. The sequencing of Modi's engagements starting with immediate neighbours, followed by Japan, China and the United States gives out several messages - it's clear that Modi has established India's immediate neighbours as number one priority -a move crucial for India to further its geopolitical-economic interest. Defining an economic policy with our neighbourhood is perhaps something we are doing for the first time.
"The message to Nepal and Bangladesh that we also want to be partners is very significant. Our future lies in how we are able to harness the markets in our neighbourhood, for potential the sky is the limit, the entire East Asian region is very important," adds Dhar.
Observers say that sequencing of the visits is an effort to create competition among superpowers to compete for investment in India. "He has reached out to everyone equally (Japan, China, US), they will be forced to wait and watch which way will India tilt," adds Bhanumurthy.
India's investment in Nepal and Bhutan's hydropower sector would mean that Nepal will be in a position to send surplus power to India, but something can really concretise after Nepal has a constitution in place. With Bangladesh, the Prime Minister will have to change his stance and move forward on the Teesta water sharing agreement rather quickly. Normalisation of trade relations between Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Nepal will remain tricky for border tensions.  
Moreover, the Modi-led National Democratic Alliance will also have to clean up after the largesse of the UPA's free trade agreements signed between India and Korea, Japan and ASEAN. Almost with all the countries, FTAs have meant that India has become a net importer. A review of how India has benefited from these FTAs has been called for by the new administration and some of these issues can be addressed through dialogue.
What adds to the worry of whether India will be able to go beyond talk are doubts on intellectual bandwidth of the  government. While Modi during his campaign had highlighted the need to take the states along, he is yet to call a meeting with state chief ministers who will play an integral role in facilitating and enabling cross-country and cross-border trade. The previous government, economists and policy observers say, was quick to call experts to voice their opinions but this government has been rather frugal with sourcing of expertise in such matters of detail and significance.
But Modi has the rest of the year to convince the naysayers that words do translate into action. Many suspect that the PM will get moving on the reform agenda after state elections in Maharashtra. "He is the first PM born post partition. He is not from a land-locked state, which really frees up India's economic diplomacy agenda," says an optimistic Executive Director of Gateway House, Manjeet Kriplani.
"Mr Modi as CM also would do a lot of economic diplomacy, his was one state which would attract foreign investors. He is a master of art of economic diplomacy-and the beauty of this is that here nobody is a loser," says BJP's Vice President and General Secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party, Ram Madhav, echoing the view of Modi believers.
The spectacle at the legendary Madison Square Garden in the US also drove home the point that the stage is set for India to perform and now is as good a time as any for the PM to get off the rotating stage and get down to nuts and bolts. For instance, details of how's of economic diplomacy could emerge from the new administration's foreign trade policy whose release has been delayed twice.

Sensex down on global clues; FIIs bearish: Time to get worriedGlobal cues making Sensex move, and FIIs getting bearish: A worry?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.01PM IST
(FIIs, which were largely…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which were largely responsible for over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, have become net sellers of Indian equities in the last ten trading sessions.
As per provisional data, FIIs have sold net of Rs -6157.49 crore in the last ten trading sessions, while DIIs or domestic institutional investors remain net buyers with investments to the tune of Rs 4670.19 crore.
In line with other Asian as well as European markets, the Indian markets are also facing global jitters, which most analysts think are more of a short-term phenomenon and the broader trend remains on the upside.
Signs of recession in Europe, slowdown in China and uncertainty over the US Federal Reserve interest rate hike kept global investors on the edge over the past couple of weeks.
");document.close();})();' frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="110">
"We have got a bunch of things going, but the fact is we have got a significantly improved macro like Brent has cracked 90 and is now potentially heading lower," said Gautam Trivedi, MD &Head Equities, Religare Capital Markets.
"You have got an improving inflation situation, and overall macro data is significantly better now than it was at the same time last year. So, this is a consolidation phase and after a pause, the market will actually start trending higher again," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Child rights activists Malala  India s Kailash Satyarthi win Nobel Peace PrizeChild rights activists Malala  India s Kailash Satyarthi win Nobel Peace Prize
http://usat.ly/Zi0DsdFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Microsoft's Nadella does about-face on women and raises
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella late Thursday sought to walk-back comments he made at a women's computer science conference, when he suggested women don't need to ask for a raise — they should just trust the system.
Post to Facebook
Microsoft's Nadella does about-face on women and raises Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella late Thursday sought to walk-back comments he made at a women's computer science conference, when he suggested women don't need to ask for a raise — they should just trust the system. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xvnOeu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
58
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Microsoft's Nadella does about-face on women and raises
Laura Mandaro, USA TODAY 1:06 p.m. EDT October 14, 2014
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gestures during the keynote address of the Build Conference in San Francisco in April.
(Photo: Eric Risberg, AP)
2463 CONNECT 483 TWEET 175 LINKEDIN 58 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella sought Thursday to walk back comments he made at a women's computer science conference, when he suggested women don't need to ask for a raise — they should just trust the system.
"Was inarticulate re how women should ask for a raise," said Nadella on his Twitter account, using the hashtag #GHC14, for the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing in Phoenix. "Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of bias."
Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias #GHC14
— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) October 9, 2014
In a statement to Microsoft employees Thursday night, Nadella went further, saying he was "completely wrong."
Earlier at that conference, Nadella was asked to give his advice for women wanting to ask for a raise. He said it's not about asking for raises, and that women should trust in the system to reward them as they go along. Not asking for a raise is "good karma," because someone will know that that's the kind of person he or she will want to trust, he said.
The quote in this embedded video comes around 1:34.
This answer struck many in the audience, and on Twitter, as less-than-helpful advice, given recent studies on how women's salaries lag men's. The tech industry has also come under fire for hiring patterns that result in a workforce that's largely made up of white and Asian men.
At Microsoft, 17% of its global tech employees are female, according to a recent diversity report . Women also make up about 17% of Microsoft's leadership.
Maria Klawe, a Microsoft director who was interviewing Nadella, told him she disagreed with him on the raise issue, a response met with cheers and claps in the crowd. Then she gave some very practical advice to women: do your homework and role-play negotiating compensation.
In his statement to employees , Nadella said: "When it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask."
MORE FROM USA TODAY

TalkingBusiness 14:30GMT @BBCWorld Sat 20:30 @BBCNews'The best thing would be a global price on carbon'
Talking Business with Linda Yueh
Want to know what makes business tick, what's happening in the global economy, find out as Linda Yueh gives you the answers.
Last on

Ceasefire violations correlated with NDA coming to power: Gulam NabiAzadPress Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 10, 2014 5:03 pm
Describing the current spate of ceasefire violations along the international border in Jammu as the ‘longest-ever spell’ of shelling since 1947, Congress leader Gulam Nabi Azad on Friday said the development was correlated with Narendra Modi-led NDA coming to power.
“There is a correlation between these ceasefire violations and the Modi-led NDA coming to power,” the former union minister said at a press conference here.
Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked the opposition leaders not to politicise the issue.
Azad alleged that it was Modi who had politicised it in the 2014 Lok Sabha election campaign by claiming that the UPA government had failed to secure the country’s borders.
“As many as eight persons were killed and 93 injured in the current firing leading to displacement of about 35,000 people in three districts of Jammu,” Azad said.
To Modi’s statement that the army had retaliated strongly, Azad said, “The army belongs to the nation and it had retaliated to provocations during the UPA rule also. The Indian army belongs to the entire nation and not to the BJP and we are proud of our brave soldiers.”
The Congress leader said Modi should have visited Jammu to learn about the plight of local people instead of campaigning in Maharashtra for assembly elections.
Azad said for the first time since 1971 the mortar shells of such a big size were being used on the international border. He alleged that Modi was indulging in “appeasement” of Pakistan and China with red carpet welcome of their heads of the state, without pointedly taking up the issues of border skirmishes and infiltrations with them.
To a question, Azad said while there was “collective leadership” in Congress, in BJP it was Modi’s “one man show”.
He evaded a reply when asked if Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi was still being seen as “a vote catcher” for the October 15 assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Transfer pricing case: Bombay High Court rules in favour ofVodafonePrint
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 10, 2014 4:47 pm
The Bombay High Court has ruled in favour of Vodafone India in a transfer pricing dispute, according to TV reports on Friday.
Vodafone had appealed against the Indian tax office’s decision to add about 32 billion rupees ($523 million) to its taxable income for the financial year 2009/10, CNBC TV18 said.
Vodafone is among several multinational companies involved in transfer pricing disputes with Indian tax authorities.

Bear market in oil patch points to economic angstBear market in oil patch points to economic angst
By: Adam Shell October 10, 2014 6:50 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Falling oil prices rattle Wall Street. (PHOTO/TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images)
Crude oil is in freefall, in a bear market after a drop of more than 20% from its recent September 2013 high, a downward spiral that foreshadows global economic turbulence ahead.
West Texas crude is down another 1.4% today to $84.54 a barrel, leaving it down 23.5% from its Sept. 6, 2013 high of $110.53, according to data from Bespoke Investment Group. Oil is trading at prices last seen in 2012.
The sharp drop in oil prices is good for consumers, as it lowers prices at the gas pump, but it also has ominous implications as falling oil prices often are signaling that economic conditions are worsening.
Oil prices have come down sharply amid a sharp slowdown in economic activity in the eurozone and slowing growth in China and other emerging markets.
The losses in the oil pits have been far more painful than in the stock market, where the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index enters the day down 4.1% from its September peak . It closed last night at 1928.21 after a 2% selloff.
The stock market is also a so-called leading indicator pointing to trouble ahead.
“I have to call into question the economy because the oil and stock market is a great forecaster,” says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management.. “And to see commodities crash normally means demand will fall off a cliff.”
 

 Rupee Extends Losses  Falls to 60.21/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Extends Losses, Falls to 60.21/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 15:18 (IST)
Why Rupee Hit Nine-Month Low against Dollar
The rupee was trading at 61.20/21 compared with its previous close of 61.04/05 on Thursday.
Index of the dollar against six majors was up 0.2 per cent. Nifty was trading down 1 per cent and is being watched for foreign fund flow cues.
Industrial output data due post market on Friday and inflation data next week are key for near-term direction.
Most Asian currencies fell today after weak German export data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sell Tata Steel on every rise: Siddharth Bhamre02:30 pm
Siddharth Bhamre of Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "We are short in  Tata Steel . Again in bounce back we didn't see any significant formation of long positions and from higher levels this stock has been seeing good formation of short positions. So that remains a sell on rise."
"In Hindalco  we maintain out stance that between Rs 145-150 this stock has very good support. There are a lot of people who are coming out around these low levels and talking about good valuations for this counter and coming out with buy reports. Don't expect very big moves in Hindalco from Rs 145-150 but this is one stock where you can do lot of covered call writing. It is very liquid in option segment. So buy between Rs 145-150 sell 160-170 Put depending upon your risk appetite," he said.
"At the same time the overall mood in metal space can be very well summed up by seeing what is happening to Jindal Steel & Power  where the stock has been correcting significantly. So apart from Hindalco we are not very keen to go long in any other space."
" Coal India has corrected today a bit. Around Rs 325-330 we would think of venturing into that stock in step-by-step manner from long term perspective."
RELATED NEWS

Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 05.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals has submitted a copy of the Minutes of 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Raj Oil Mills: Outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 05.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Raj Oil Mills: Outcome of AGM
Raj Oil Mills has informed that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Raj Oil Mills: Outcome of AGM
Raj Oil Mills has informed that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Raj Oil Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Low rates; Where s the stabilitylow rates; where s the stability
MAG: Amazon Must Be StoppedOctober 9, 2014
Amazon Must Be Stopped It's too big. It's cannibalizing the economy. It's time for a radical plan.
By Franklin Foer @franklinfoer Photo: Illustration by Alvaro Dominguez
Before we speak ill of Amazon, let us kneel down before it. Twenty years ago, the company began with the stated goal of creating a bookstore as comprehensive as the great Library of Alexandria, and then quickly managed to make even that grandiloquent ambition look puny. Amazon could soon conjure the full text of almost any volume onto a phone in less time than a yawn. Its warehouses are filled with an unabridged catalogue of items that comes damn close to serving every human need, both basic and esoteric—a mere click away, speedily delivered, and as cheap as capitalism permits.
Rather than pocketing the profits from this creation, Amazon has plowed revenue into bettering itself—into the construction of well-placed fulfillment centers that further hasten the arrival of its packages, into technologies that attempt to read our acquisitive minds and aptly suggest our next purchase. Shopping on Amazon has so ingrained itself in modern American life that it has become something close to our unthinking habit, and the company has achieved a level of dominance that merits the application of a very old label: monopoly. 
That term doesn’t get tossed around much these days, but it should. Amazon is the shining representative of a new golden age of monopoly that also includes Google and Walmart. Unlike U.S. Steel, the new behemoths don’t use their barely challenged power to hike up prices. They are, in fact, self-styled servants of the consumer and have ushered in an era of low prices for everything from flat-screen TVs to paper napkins to smart phones.  
In other words, we’re all enjoying the benefits of these corporations far too much to think hard about distant dangers. Besides, the ideology of Silicon Valley suggests that we have nothing much to fear: If these firms no longer engineer breathtaking technologies, they will be creatively destroyed. That’s why Peter Thiel, the creator of PayPal, has argued that the term “monopoly” should be stripped of its negative connotation. A monopoly, he argues, is really nothing more than a synonym for a highly successful company. Insulation from the brutish spirit of competition even makes them superior organizations—more beneficent employers, better able to both daydream and think clearly. In Thiel’s phrasing : “Creative monopolies aren’t just good for the rest of society; they’re powerful engines for making it better.”
Thiel makes an important point: The Internet-age monopolies are a different species; they flummox our conventional ways of thinking about corporate concentration and have proved especially elusive to those who ponder questions of antitrust, the discipline of law that aims to curb threats to the competitive marketplace. Part of the issue is the laws themselves, which were conceived to manage an industrial economy—and have, over time, evolved to focus on a specific set of narrow questions that have little to do with the core problem at hand.
Whether Amazon, which does $75 billion in annual revenue, has technically violated antitrust laws is an important matter, of course. But descending into the weeds of predatory pricing statutes also obscures the very real threat. In its pursuit of bigness, Amazon has left a trail of destruction—competitors undercut, suppliers squeezed—some of it necessary, and some of it highly worrisome. And in its confrontation with the publisher Hachette, it has entered a phase of heightened aggression unseen even when it tried to crush Zappos by offering a $5 rebate on all its shoes or when it gave employees phony business cards to avoid paying sales taxes in various states.
In effect, we’ve been thrust back 100 years to a time when the law was not up to the task of protecting the threats to democracy posed by monopoly; a time when the new nature of the corporation demanded a significant revision of government.
 
The progressive era’s most venomous screeds against monopoly came from the pen of one of its stodgiest characters, Louis Brandeis. In the early 1900s, before he became a Supreme Court justice, he took on a series of clients whose cases exposed him to the Gilded Age’s worst excesses. It radicalized his thinking. “If the Lord had intended things to be big, he would have made man bigger— in brains and character,” he wrote his daughter . He believed that the new corporations had only managed to thrive by dint of their dirty tactics: secret contracts, price fixing, and the purchase of potential competitors. On a level playing field, he lectured a Senate Committee in 1911, “these monsters would fall to the ground.” 
Brandeis often wrote on behalf of exploited American consumers, but they were hardly his primary objects of concern. In the great Jeffersonian tradition, his heart truly bled for the small producers and sellers squashed by the monopolists. To protect these businessmen, Brandeis launched a crusade for “fair trade,” which revolved around a doctrine called Resale Price Maintenance. The idea was that manufacturers should legally control the retail value of their wares, rather than hand the power of pricing over to large chains and department stores, whose size gave them the unstoppable advantage of offering deep discounts. If this campaign forced consumers to pay slightly higher prices, Brandeis didn’t mind one bit. In an essay he wrote for Harper’s Weekly in 1913, he excoriated the consumer who cared only about short-term prices: “Thoughtless or weak, he yields to the temptation of trifling immediate gain, and, selling his birthright for a mess of pottage, becomes himself an instrument of monopoly.” And in the generation that followed Brandeis, Midwestern liberals, Southern populists, and assorted other politicians continued to inveigh against the debasement of small businessmen.
By the postwar period, however, the producer was edged out of liberal thinking and replaced by a figure better suited to the affluence of the times. In the 1960s, Ralph Nader portrayed the consumer as the true victim of corporate greed. (Michael Sandel elegantly narrates this transformation of liberal thought in his book, Democracy’s Discontent .) To the Naderites, antitrust laws remained as necessary as ever, but only for the sake of driving down the very prices that Brandeis had once hoped to maintain. Mark Green, a leading disciple of Nader’s, wrote that the “primary focus of antitrust enforcement” should be “efficient production and distribution—not the local farmer, local druggist, or local grocer.”
Conservatives, it turned out, were only too happy to hear such talk. After years of defending monopoly as perfectly justifiable, they began publishing books and articles conceding that consumer welfare was a legitimate purpose of antitrust, perhaps the only one. Robert Bork denounced all of Brandeis’s attempts to protect small producers as a “jumble of half-digested notions and mythologies.” A cottage industry of like-minded critiques emanated from the University of Chicago’s Law School and then traveled straight to Republicans in Washington. In the hands of Ronald Reagan’s Justice Department, not to mention the judges he appointed to the federal bench, efficiency and low prices provided the justification for dismantling much of the old antitrust infrastructure. No subsequent administration, either Democratic or Republican, has meaningfully tried to revive it.
And Amazon is the price we’re paying for that bipartisan turn in thinking. As he built the company, Jeff Bezos carefully studied the example of Walmart, America’s largest retailer. He borrowed his personal style from the parsimonious Sam Walton and also poached from his C-suite. Walmart’s executives aren’t extravagantly compensated; neither are Amazon’s. For a time, they didn’t even receive reimbursements for office parking. Meanwhile, both companies have studiously avoided unionization and treat their workers miserably. In one famous incident, Amazon hired paramedics to revive heat-sick employees at a Pennsylvania warehouse rather than buy an air-conditioning unit.
Still, the biggest lesson that Bezos drew from the Waltons was in how to handle suppliers. Both Amazon and Walmart promise its customers the same feat—undercutting their competition on price. But frugality and innovation can only go so far in keeping prices headed southward, especially in the face of the stock market’s impatience. Growing profit margins depend, therefore, on continually getting a better deal from suppliers. At Walmart, this tactic is enshrined in policy. The company has insisted that suppliers of basic consumer goods annually reduce their prices by about 5 percent, according to Charles Fishman’s book, The Walmart Effect .
It’s hard to overstate how badly these price demands injure the possibility for robust competition. But when Amazon engages in the same behavior, it acquires a darker tint. Where Walmart is essentially a large-scale, cut-rate version of the old department store and grocer, Amazon doesn’t confine its ambitions to any existing template. Without the constraints of brick and mortar, it considers nothing too remote from its core business, so it has grown to sell server space to the CIA, produce original televisions shows about bumbling congressmen, and engineer its own line of mobile phones.
And as it amasses economic power, it also acquires greater influence in the cultural and intellectual life of the nation. Consider Amazon’s relationship to the publishing industry. A recent survey conducted by the Codex Group, released in March, found that Amazon commands a 67 percent share of the e-books market (not at all surprising given that it invented a wildly popular device for consuming digital tomes). And when it comes to the sale of all new books—hard, soft, and electronic—Amazon accounts for 41 percent. 
Even though the five major publishing houses have political connections and economic power of their own, they just can’t compete. When Amazon first set the price for e-books at $9.99, it did so unilaterally and didn’t inform publishers in advance of its live-streamed announcement. The company continually finds new schemes for exacting tribute from the houses. Amazon requires a contribution to a “marketing development fund”—which hits publishers for an additional 5 to 7 percent of their gross sales. All the wondrous tools on the Amazon site are open to publishers, but only if they write appropriately sized checks: Pre-order buttons, appearance in search results, and personalized recommendations are hardly enlightened services provided by your friendly bookseller. Sure, Barnes and Noble and other chains have long charged fees for shelf placement, but Amazon has invented a steroidal version of that old practice. There seems to be no limit to Amazon’s demands—and its current negotiations with Hachette prove the point. The New York Times has reported that Amazon apparently wants to increase its cut of each e-book it sells, from 30 percent to 50. 1
To justify this approach with publishers, Amazon portrays them as deserving of rough treatment. One ex-Amazon employee told The New Yorker’s George Packer that the company views publishers as “antediluvian losers with rotary phones and inventory systems designed in 1968 and a warehouse full of crap.” In the mid-2000s, the company famously launched an initiative called the Gazelle Project to extract better terms from small publishers. Its moniker was derived from a Bezos suggestion that his team pursue its prey as a cheetah tracks a “sickly gazelle.”  (Lawyers a bit more sensitive to antitrust laws renamed it the “Small Publisher Negotiation Program.”) Or as one executive charged with dealing with the book industry confessed to the reporter Brad Stone, “I did everything I could to screw with their performance.”
In their desperation, publishers have tried various gambits to alter this dynamic. They have attempted to fight size with size—a misbegotten notion that led them to collude with Apple in blatant violation of price-fixing laws. And in the same spirit, they have accelerated the old tendency to seek safety in mergers. Just last year, Random House joined Penguin to form a mega-house, which controls 25 percent of the book business, in the dim hope that this new brawn would insulate them from Amazon’s harshest demands. But even a giant corporation ultimately has to bend to the will of their big buyer. That’s been the iron law of Walmart, which imposes its terms on the largest corporations in the world. As the New America Foundation’s Barry Lynn has described, “Walmart ... has told Coca-Cola what artificial sweetener to use in a diet soda, it has told Disney what scenes to cut from a DVD, it has told Levi’s what grade of cotton to use in its jeans, and it has told lawn mower makers what grade of steel to buy.” 
So, no matter how large they grow, publishers will continue to strip away costs to satisfy Amazon. And more attention will fall on a strange inefficiency at the heart of the business: the advances that publishing houses pay their writers. This upfront money is the economic pillar on which quality books rest, the great bulwark against dilettantism. Advances make it financially viable for a writer to commit years of work to a project.
But no bank or investor in its right mind would extend that kind of credit to an author, save perhaps Stephen King. Which means that it won’t take much for this anomalous ecosystem to collapse. Amazon might decide that it can only generate enough revenue by further transforming the e-book market—and it might try to drive sales by deflating Salman Rushdie and Jennifer Egan novels to the price of a Diet Coke. Or it can continue to prod the publishing houses to change their models, until they submit. Either way, the culture will suffer the inevitable consequences of monopoly—less variety of products and lower quality of the remaining ones. This is depressing enough to ponder when it comes to the fate of lawn mower blades.
 
In confronting what to do about Amazon, first we have to realize our own complicity. We’ve all been seduced by the deep discounts, the monthly automatic diaper delivery, the free Prime movies, the gift wrapping, the free two-day shipping, the ability to buy shoes or books or pinto beans or a toilet all from the same place. But it has gone beyond seduction, really. We expect these kinds of conveniences now, as if they were birthrights. They’ve become baked into our ideas about how consumers should be treated.
These expectations help fuel our collective denial about Amazon. We seem to believe that the Web is far too fluid to fall capture to monopoly. If a site starts to develop the lameness of an AltaVista or Myspace, consumers will unhesitatingly abandon it. But while that meritocratic theory might be true enough for a search engine or social media site, Amazon is different. It has a record of shredding young businesses, like Zappos and Diapers.com, just as they begin to pose a competitive challenge. It uses its riches to undercut opponents on price—Amazon was prepared to lose $100 million in three months in its quest to harm Diapers.com—then once it has exhausted the resources of its foes, it buys them and walks away even stronger.
This big-footing necessitates a government response. It is often said that the state is too lead-footed to keep pace with tech companies; that by the time it decides to take action against a firm, the digital economy will have galloped off into the distance. But there’s a long history that suggests the opposite.
It starts with AT&T’s Bell Labs in the late ’40s. Even though scientists there developed a slew of great inventions—automatic dialing, new switchboards—executives atop the monopoly essentially shoved the new gizmos into a filing cabinet, where they languished. (Unchallenged monopolists have little incentive to disrupt industries they already control.) Under pressure from the government, AT&T began licensing its technology to other firms, including a device called the electronic transistor—which, in the hands of Texas Instruments, became the basis for the computer.
Or take IBM, a company that constantly flirted with breaking the law. The Justice Department hounded Big Blue in the ’50s and ’60s. And though IBM complained about the intrusions, it would always settle with the government and promise to reform its ways. In truth, it should have thanked the trustbusters. With the government at its elbow, IBM turned away from the business of tabulating machines to enter computing, a field it would revolutionize. Then there’s IBM’s successor, Microsoft. The company was known for using its dominance to squash small rivals who made superior products. But the government’s prosecution caused it to back away from that tactic, which, in turn, allowed nascent companies like Google and Skype to grow. “Antitrust gets some credit for restoring uncontested American technological preeminence,” says Tim Wu, author of The Master Switch. “It made sure the web would stay open.”
These stories sound impressive now, but it took decades of experimentation, mostly unsuccessful, before a serviceable approach for curbing monopolies finally emerged. In the earliest days of the Progressive Era, the country was quick to discover the danger of huge corporations and acted with alacrity to legislate it into oblivion, passing the Sherman Antitrust Act in 1890. But wishing the problem away is very different from solving it. Progressives never could agree on how to think about monopolies—would they permit them to exist, carefully regulated by the state, or smash them into bits? The creation of the Federal Trade Commission in 1914 was meant to be the culmination of that long struggle, yet it came to embody all the conceptual fuzziness of the debate. Even Brandeis considered it a “stupid administration.”
It took a Great Depression to provide the clarity that progressives never did manage. When all of Roosevelt’s efforts to revive the economy sputtered, he waged all-out war on monopoly. In 1940 alone, his Justice Department brought 92 new cases and filed 3,412 complaints; it went after big-time players like Alcoa, General Motors, and the American Medical Association. Monopoly no longer stirred emotions, as it had in Brandeis’s time, but Roosevelt’s triumphs set precedents that ensured future victories. He implanted antitrust more securely in government, a technocratic tool for managing the health of the economy.
Perhaps the debate over Amazon won’t take as many fits and starts. There are already a few ideas percolating—one would strip Amazon of the power to set prices; another would deprive it of the ability to use its site to punish recalcitrant suppliers. Those ideas feel like tentative jabs at the problem, rather than coherent solutions to it. Still, if we don’t engage the new reality of monopoly with the spirit of argumentation and experimentation that carried Brandeis, we’ll drift toward an unsustainable future, where one company holds intolerable economic and cultural sway. Unfortunately, a robust regulatory state is one item that can’t be delivered overnight.
1
Amazon has subsequently attempted to claw back ground in public opinion by casually injecting an altogether different proposal : “We believe 35% should go to the author, 35% to the publisher and 30% to Amazon."
Franklin Foer is editor of The New Republic.
Loading Related Articles...

Kajaria Ceramics: Q2 results on Oct 27  2014Kajaria Ceramics: Q2 results on Oct 27  2014
Outcome of board meeting of Shekhawati Poly-YarnOutcome of board meeting of Shekhawati Poly-Yarn
World shares at 6-month low as growth worries mountWorld shares at 6-month low as growth worries mount
Stan Lee to make film on his Indian superhero  ChakraStan Lee to make film on his Indian superhero  Chakra
Madhusudan Securities: Board meeting on Oct 17  2014Madhusudan Securities: Board meeting on Oct 17  2014
Metal shares decline after China coal  iron ore imports dropMetal shares decline after China coal  iron ore imports drop
RIL to invest $16 billion in petrochemical expansionRIL to invest $16 billion in petrochemical expansion
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGM
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGM
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Thirthankar Infra: Outcome of board meetingOct 10, 2014, 05.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Thirthankar Infra: Outcome of board meeting
Thirthankar Infra has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has considered and approved the following: 1. Mr. Srikanth Gummalla, has been appointed as a Managing Director of the company subject to the approval of a shareholders in general meeting.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Thirthankar Infra: Outcome of board meeting
Thirthankar Infra has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has considered and approved the following: 1. Mr. Srikanth Gummalla, has been appointed as a Managing Director of the company subject to the approval of a shareholders in general meeting.
Post your opinion here
 
Thirthankar Infra Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has considered and approved the following:1. Mr. Srikanth Gummalla, has been appointed as a Managing Director of the company subject to the approval of a shareholders in general meeting.2. Mr. Shankar Sundararaman, has been appointed as a Director of the Company.3. With the permission of the Chairman status of Mr. Srinivasu Appala has been changed from Whole time Director to Independent Director subject to the approval of a shareholders in general meeting and resignation of Mr. Jayanthy Srinivasa Rao from the position of Director has been accepted by the Board with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Cork brushes off Apple tax claimsCork brushes off Apple tax claims
By Vincent Boland in Cork
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/659e4778-4ae8-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brussels green light for WhatsApp dealGreen light from Brussels for Facebook’s WhatsApp deal
By Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef789830-4ae9-11e4-839a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World s Richest Man for 3-Day Working WeekDDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
If the world's richest man had his way, you would be working only three days a week.
Carlos Slim, the wealthiest man on earth, according to Forbes, has once again made a case for a three-day working week, in order to improve work-life balance. He had first mooted the idea earlier this summer at a conference in Paraguay.
"You should have more time for you during all of your life -- not when you're 65 and retired," the Mexican telecom tycoon told CNNMoney in an interview. The 74-year-old is worth $82.1 billion, according to Forbes' estimates.
Although, Mr Slim is in favour of people working three days a week, he wants them to clock 11-hour shifts on the days in office. He is also in favour of pushing the retirement age to 75 years.
"It's a society of knowledge and experience. You have better experience and knowledge when you are 60, 65 and 70," he said.
People deserve more time for entertainment, family and to train for better jobs, he said.
Mr Slim said he was "sure" that the three-day working week will become a reality, although he did not give a timeline.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 15:22 (IST)

China trumps the competition in Africa IncChina still trumps the competition in Africa Inc
By Javier Blas, Africa Editor
Commercial influence in the continent is growing despite overtures from the US, Europe and Japan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87075f26-4eda-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks dragging the market into quicksandThe stocks dragging the market into quicksand
By: Matt Krantz October 9, 2014 2:23 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
USA TODAY
It’s another ugly day for markets — with stocks down nearly 2%. But the real pain is being centered on a group of stocks that have toppled 15% since the market’s slide began.
The market’s fast eroding quicksand is starting to get slippery — the Standard & Poor’s 500 is down nearly 4% since this year’s Sept. 18 high. But that’s nothing compared to the pain experienced by 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more during that same period, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Stocks including Chesapeake Energy (CHK) , First Solar (FSLR) and Gap (GPS) are down 15% or more since the market’s peak. These stocks are already in a correction and perhaps headed to a full-fledged bear.
It’s turning into a rough period especially for energy stocks. Energy stocks account for 61% of the stocks down 15% or more since the peak.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY via Microsoft Excel
The hardest hit stock is Chesapeake Energy, down 21% since Sept. 18. Falling oil prices and concern about the global economic isn’t bullish for energy:
Another big loser is E-Trade (ETFC) . But that’s to be expected. The online broker is one of the stocks that crashes hard when the market runs into trouble .
Below are the 18 stocks in the S&P 500 that are down 15% or more since the market peaked on Sept. 18:
Company

Ford drops after analysts warns on F-150Ford shares sink on day after analyst report
By: Chris Woodyard October 9, 2014 12:35 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ford shares fell 2.6% to $13.84 Thursday, a day after an influential analyst predicted that the company’s breakthrough aluminum-bodied F-150 may not be as profitable as predicted in the short run.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas cut his price target on Ford shares to $14, down from $16, even though he acknowledged the new truck is terrific from a product standpoint.
He warned that it may not be as profitable as forecast and its rollout may not go smoothly.
Plus, the company is banking itself on the new truck, the source of about 90% of its profits.
He later added that profitability will also be harmed by the competitive response to the new truck. Jonas noted that Ford officials say its new technology is aimed at winning over buyers from competitive brands, but that it may not surrender so easily.
Contributing: Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press

Wall St. ends sharply lower on global growth worriesS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

How Regulators Are Clumsily Undermining Their Plan to Let Rideshare Companies Thrivereddit
Just when I thought cooler heads had prevailed, all hell has broken loose in California's rideshare economy. Regulators gave the thumbs-up to companies like Uber, Lyft and Sidecar with one hand, and then used the other to layer on new rules.
As long as rideshare companies checked certain boxes, like background checks for drivers and increased liability insurance, the California Public Utilities Commission, under the leadership of president Michael Peevey, was happy to let this nascent industry bloom in the state. A year ago, it looked like California was showing other states the right way to regulate rideshare.
But now the same commission is putting the kibosh on a simple, great idea: carpooling. Each of the ridesharing companies has come up with its own version of carpooling where a driver can pick up two different people heading the same direction and charge them separate fares. The scheme is a win-win. Passengers get cheaper fares -- up to 50 percent off -- and the rest of us get fewer cars on the road and reduced carbon dioxide emissions. The commission should be cheering for this kind of innovation.
Instead, it sent letters to all three companies warning them that the carpooling option violates a 1960s-era regulation that says cars classified as "charter-party carriers" (think limos and party buses) can't charge individual riders separate fares.
The only problem with this -- well, one of the only problems -- is that companies like Uber, Lyft and Sidecar aren't charter-party carriers. They have a completely different business model. While limos and other charter-party carriers must only have one contracting party and charge by time and mileage, shared-ride services tell their customers to plan on sharing a car with another rider in exchange for a discounted fare, which is also based upon time and mileage. When the commission passed the first regulations regarding rideshare companies, there was no discussion about charter-party carriers.
But the commission didn't stop there. It also chided the rideshare companies for not coming to the commission first to get approval for the carpooling idea. From a commission letter to Sidecar:
"Sidecar has not yet approached the Commission regarding the Shared Rides service, nor submitted a request to modify its existing permit as a Transportation Network Company (TNC) to provide service under a different business model."
Of course the commission has a duty to keep a close eye on ridesharing companies as they grow. But the focus should be on safety and ensuring a competitive marketplace.
These knee-jerk actions by the commission, and the threatened regulatory roadblocks that come with them, go against the spirit of regulatory innovation that the commission showed when it passed its original rule last year. At the time I wrote :
"By realizing the value of technology and innovation for California's economy, and smartly supporting the trajectory of the digital revolution, the CPUC has shown regulations can indeed keep pace with the blazing speed of progress."
But the commission isn't the only culprit here. The San Francisco and Los Angeles district attorneys quickly joined the fray and issued threatening letters instructing the rideshare companies to remove the carpooling functions from their apps or endanger their "ability to continue operating." There are few things more chilling in business than receiving such a letter from powerful district attorneys. These actions show a widening gap between consumer protection and common sense.
So where do we go from here? Open communication is key. Regulators need to have face-to-face discussions with the rideshare companies to keep this process from sliding further into the political gutter.
One possible solution is working with the state legislature to move the ridesharing industry under its own chapter of the law, which would avoid regulating the business under antiquated rules. Lawmakers should reconsider their uneven approach to regulating this sector and instead walk a more productive path.
Follow Mike Montgomery on Twitter: www.twitter.com/calinnovates
More:

EU cracks down on double Irish loopholeBrussels in crackdown on ‘double Irish’ tax loophole
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vincent Boland in Dublin and Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba95cff0-4fcd-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What is the double Irish© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/f7a2b958-4fc8-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

African business stays buoyantShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
African business stays buoyant
Oct 7, 2014 : Interest in Africa has stepped up in the past decade, but risks such as poor infrastructure and security remain. What do African business leaders and policy makers see in store for the continent? Katrina Manson gauges the mood at the FT's Africa Summit.
Links:  The New Africa Africa's success story fragments  /  Credits: Produced by Nalini Sivathasan. Filmed by Steve Ager. Additional footage from Getty and Reuters.

US and Europe fight back as Chinas influence grows in AfricaOctober 5, 2014 9:02 am
US and Europe fight back as China’s influence grows in Africa
By David White
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e1a6852-1e55-11e4-ab52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Founders Finding Funding From Friends May Be Foolsreddit
In their passion to succeed, too many entrepreneurs treat friends and family investments as "low-hanging" fruit, only to find out later, after a stumble, that the pain of lost relationships is greater than the loss of their beloved startup. Other entrepreneurs never start their adventure, because they can't face the prospect of even approaching friends and family for an investment kick-start.
The only way an entrepreneur can really dodge this issue is to totally fund the startup with personal funds (bootstrapping). Then you don't have to worry about the fact that most Angel investors and venture capitalists won't take a bet on you if none of your friends and family have given you a vote of confidence with money.
This is a sensitive and critical area for new entrepreneurs, and it's important to get it right the first time. Brian S. Cohen and John Kador, in their recent book What Every Angel Investor Wants You to Know , includes these best points of practical advice I've seen recently on this subject:
Manage expectations before the fact. Even if you passionately believe that your idea is a winner, it's smart to remind friends of the historical facts with startups. More than 50% fail in the first two years, and even the "overnight successes" take six years on the average. In the interim, there is no market for the shares, and no dividends or interest.
Make sure the money is discretionary. If friends and family are still willing to take the risk because they believe in you and love you, you need to be convinced that they can afford to lose it all without major impact, and their emotion won't generate unreasonable expectations over time. If you are not sure on this matter, then don't take their money.
Be professional about it. Treat the transaction as you would expect to be treated by an Angel investor or VC. That means writing down and signing the terms of the agreement, after making sure everyone understands them. Insist on paying market rates for commercial loans, since the IRS can instigate some nasty consequences on "gifts."
Tie payments to your product or service revenue. Try to avoid obligations with fixed repayment schedules. With "cash flow" obligations, investors receive a percentage of your operating cash flow (if any) until they have been repaid in full, or have achieved a specified percentage return on their investment.
Loans are a safer option than equity. Offering debt is better than offering direct equity, especially in early stages when you have no valuation for setting equity percentages. Many use a convertible loan note that may be converted into equity upon the closing of the first formal Angel or VC round of financing, with a more realistic valuation.
Pay the money back, with thanks, as quickly as you can. This money is real, so don't assume it doesn't have to be repaid. Some founders are too focused on quick repayment, and they compromise strategic decisions. That's why it is better to use institutional investors and loans when you are able, with realistic time frame expectations.
Don't forget a couple of additional potential negative realities. For entrepreneurs, friends and family money usually represents the smallest increment of funding, yet requires the most time to manage. Everyone wants to keep up and even have a say in your activities, and that can be a lot of conversations to manage.
A second harsh reality for entrepreneurs is the realization of how little power you have to protect the position of these early investors. New money from professional investors sees lesser value in old money, so the equity of early investors is "crammed down" and often lost in the scale-up surge. Later investors all think you have given away too much of the company too soon.
These realities are part of the reason that this first tier of very early investors are often referred to as "friends, family, and fools." Most experienced entrepreneurs and investors can recount a horror story of families and friendships torn apart by money lost on someone else's dream. In these cases both the entrepreneur and the friends are the fools. Don't be one or create one.
Follow Marty Zwilling on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StartupPro
More:

City Insider: Lord Davies  tech champion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d16bef0-4fc1-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. stocks suffer steepest drop of 2014Extreme turbulence: Stocks suffer steepest drop of 2014
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 9, 2014: 5:27 PM ET
 
Stocks suffer steepest drop of 2014
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If the stock market were a transatlantic flight, the ride just went from uncomfortably bumpy to white-knuckle turbulence.
The Dow plunged 335 points on Thursday, its worst day of the entire year on a point basis.
October is shaping up to be a scary month for anyone with money in the market, but for now investors are just trying to catch their breath. Already this month, there have been five days with major market moves where the Dow has swung up or down more than 200 points. Wednesday -- mere hours ago -- was actually the best day of the year so far for stocks.
What's behind all of this volatility? Market moves aren't always logical, but it's clear that investors are growing increasingly nervous about the fate of the European and Chinese economies. And they don't know how that will change the Federal Reserve's plans to remove the easy-money punchbowl.
The violent swings in the market confused professionals and retail investors alike.
"Everyone who thought they were in the clear yesterday walked in today and got punched in the face," said Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners. "Just when you think have it figured out, you don't. This is a very tough market."
Jitters about Europe's slumping economy were amplified by new numbers revealing German exports shrank dramatically in August. Investors are now losing sleep over the threat that Germany -- Europe's economic engine -- could slip into a recession .
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is now flashing "extreme fear," compared with just run-of-the-mill "fear" a month ago. The wild market moves are also reflected in the VIX volatility index, which spiked 21% on Thursday.
"The only thing I'm currently bullish on is volatility," said Stocktwits user shogunofharlem78 wrote.
Related: Are stocks a trick or treat?
Investors run to bonds: Investors are reacting to this by piling into safe-haven bonds, driving the yield on the 10-year Treasury below 2.3% for the first time in since June 2013.
The point drop on the Dow was its worst of 2014, surpassing the 326 point decline on February 3. However, on a percentage basis today's 1.97% decline was not quite as extreme as that winter slide.
That's little consolation to investors, who have watched the Dow retreat 4% from the all-time highs it set just last month.
Both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq shed over 2% on Thursday, while the riskier Russell 2000 that includes smaller and mid-sized companies experienced a 2.5% tumble.
"Once this market picks a direction, there are very few players who get in the way. It tends to just feed on itself," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
Related: Experts say stocks will rise more in 2014
The worst hit equities: Energy stocks were the biggest losers, plunging about 3.7% as a sector. Stocks like Chesapeake Energy ( CHK ), Anadarko Petroleum ( APC ) and Halliburton ( HAL ) suffered even bigger losses.
Small-cap energy stocks really got creamed. The Russell 2000 Energy index plummeted 6%, leaving it down 22% over just the past month.
The energy industry was slammed by sinking crude oil price, which fell as low as $85.60 per barrel -- levels unseen since late 2012.
All 10 sectors of the S&P 500 lost at least 1% on Thursday, although more defensive groups like consumer stapes and utilities felt a bit less pain.
Stocks spiked on Wednesday as the latest Fed meeting minutes suggested slowing global growth and a stronger dollar could prevent the central bank from lifting interest rates. Traders bet that would be good for stocks, which have been boosted by the Fed's emergency actions.
"Last time I recall this kind of price action across all markets was 07-09," Stocktwits user 6killer wrote.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 2:14 PM ET
Most Popular

Why Murthy Doesn t Want to Be Infosys  Chairman EmeritusBangalore: NR Narayana Murthy has turned down the offer to become Infosys' chairman emeritus saying he wants to avoid conflicts at the firm he co-founded 33 years ago.
Mr Murthy, 68, will cease to be the non-executive chairman with effect from today.
He had indicated to the board that in line with the company's high corporate governance standards and to avoid any perceived conflicts, it would not be appropriate for him to be the chairman emeritus of Infosys. The board has accepted Mr Murthy's decision.
"I am a person who believes in innovation like Vishal. I always keep trying new models and last time in 2011, I chose to be chairman emeritus and this time I said let me see what it is like to be an average Joe. I am a shareholder. So I will be an average Joe starting today," Mr Murthy said.
The company is also seeking regulatory guidance on appropriate classification of the founders and their family's share in the company (classified as promoters).
After Murthy's and S Gopalakrishnan's exit from Infosys, the founders don't have any association with the company nor they exercise any control over the affairs of the company.
"The founders have therefore requested to seek appropriate classification of their revised statuses," Infosys said in a statement.
Mr Murthy also said it did not make sense to be called 'promoter' when they have no executive role in the firm. He said it's an "archaic and outdated concept".
"It is predominantly an Indian concept, it's not part of the parlance discussions on modern corporate governance. Therefore, we said it doesn't make sense." he added.
Story first published on: October 10, 2014 12:57 (IST)

Narayana Murthy wouldn t be Chairman Emeritus of InfosysNarayana Murthy wouldn't be Chairman Emeritus of Infosys
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 01:26 PM IST
Narayana Murthy the co-founder of India's second largest IT services company Infosys has indicated that he does not intend to be Chairman Emeritus of Infosys.
In a company filing to the exchanges, the company said that the Board of Directors have accepted Murthy's decision.
"Narayana Murthy will cease to be Non-Executive Chairman effective October 10, 2014. He indicated that in line with the company's high corporate governance standards and to avoid any perceived conflicts, it would not be appropriate for him to be the Chairman Emeritus of Infosys. The Board accepted Mr. Murthy's decision and sincerely thanked him for his vision, leadership and guidance in making Infosys a globally respected company," said the statement.
Meanwhile, with the last of the founders of India's second largest IT services company bidding adieu to the company, the founders have now expressed that they no longer intend to be called as promoter of the company.
With the last two founders, Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan, remitting office, the founders have neither association with the company nor exercise any control over the affairs of the company after the current date. The founders have therefore requested the company to seek appropriate classification of their revised status. The company is in the process of seeking appropriate regulatory guidance on the same.
The company has been classifying its founders, Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S Gopalakrishnan, S D Shibulal and K Dinesh along with their immediate family members as promoters/promoter group of the company in applicable disclosures with the stock exchanges and other regulatory authorities.
S Gopalakrishnan will cease to be the Non-Executive Vice Chairman effective October 10, 2014, K V Kamath has been elected as the Chairman of the Board effective October 11, 2014.

FCA accuses banks of control failings on forexFCA forex probe to accuse banks of control failings
By Caroline Binham, Daniel Schäfer and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39e74c14-4fdf-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Novartis and Oxford BioMedica strike dealNovartis strikes deal with Oxford BioMedica for cancer treatment
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/964073a4-4fc2-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narayan Murthy wants to be an  average joeNarayan Murthy wants to be an 'average joe'
CNN-IBN | Oct 10, 2014 at 12:52pm
IT veteran NR Narayana Murthy has turned down the offer to become Infosys' Chairman Emeritus saying he wants to avoid conflicts and maintain corporate governance standards at the firm he co-founded 33 years ago.
Gadhimai Festival: Mass Animal Slaughter
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Maharashtra elections: Modi urges youth to give up violence3
0
Brahmapuri(Maharashtra): Asking youngsters who have been radicalised to give up violence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said they should shun guns and get a plough in its place to transform their lives.
"Terror has never benefited anybody. I appeal to all the youth who have gone on the path of violence to give up terrorism. This will do you no good. Get the guns off your shoulders and get a plough in its place. It will transform your lives," he said while addressing a rally at Brahmapuri in Chandrapur, which is one of the Naxal-affected districts in Maharashtra.
According to recent statistics of the anti-Naxal Cell of Maharashtra Police, Maoist violence has claimed 451 victims in worst-hit Gadchiroli followed by 33 in Gondia and nine in Chandrapur, between February 1985 and July 2014.
Modi said the NDA government has started a unique programme for cotton farmers called the "5 F Formula".
#narendra modi #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
Modi said it is imperative for the BJP to win the upcoming state polls to ensure that farmers can prosper the way they are doing in neighbouring Chhattisgarh.
"You have to ensure that the BJP wins the elections with full majority. Only then can the farmers, who are water starved, be provided water. A farmer has the capability to produce gold if he gets enough water," he said.
"Chhattisgarh, which was known to be a 'bimaru' (sick) state, has prospered tremendously under the BJP government. We have ensured that farmers get a good price for their produce," he said.
"Maharashtra is a neighbouring state. Why can't our farmers progress similarly? Why can't they get a good price for their produce? Give us a chance to work for you, we will transform the face of this state," the Prime Minister said.
Later, addressing a rally at Dhamangaon in Amravati district, Modi referred to incidents of suicide by debt-ridden farmers of Vidarbha region growing cotton and oranges. "Our farmers produce oranges that are famous the world over but, instead of succulent juice of the fruit, they have to drink poison," he said.
Modi said the NDA government has started a unique programme for cotton farmers called the "5 F Formula".
"We have started a programme for farmers which we call the 5F Formula. Farmers who 'farm' cotton will be given assistance in their backyard to produce yarn. The yarn produced at the village will be used there itself to make fabric and the fabric thus produced will be used for making readymade garments. The government will then help the final product reach foreign markets," he said.
Modi attacked Congress and NCP over corruption and asked the electorate to give BJP an absolute majority in the October 15 Assembly poll.
0

Govt clears two rail projects to address coa...You are here: Home > Collections
Government clears 2 major rail projects to address coal supply
PTI Oct 10, 2014, 03.35PM IST
Tags:
Chattisgarh
(PMG, which was set up under…)
NEW DELHI: In order to improve coal supply, the government today said it is focusing on 2-3 major rail projects that will resolve the connectivity problems.
Besides, the Project Monitoring Group (PMG) so far has listed 467 projects for clearance on its portal from sectors like power, coal, steel and road which have investments to the tune of about Rs 23 lakh crore, Additional Secretary and Chairman of PMG, Anil Swarup said at a Ficci event here.
PMG, which was set up under the Cabinet Secretariat last year, is mandated to facilitate in clearance and track large projects with investment of over Rs 1,000 crore.
Swarup said the government is focusing on large rail projects which can help solve connectivity problems related to the supply of coal.
"But we are focusing on 2-3 major projects that are rail projects, which are critical in terms of coal supply. So they are critical in the sense that I am given to understand that once these projects get cleared... They will help in solving connectivity problems," Swarup said.
For two projects environmental and forest clearance have been given, he added.
"Out of these two, I think work has started on one project. These projects are in Odhisha and Chattisgarh. These are connectivity projects...," he added.
Swarup said till this morning, 467 projects are on the portal entailing an investment of about Rs 23 lakh crore.
 
"Out of these, in 57 we came to the conclusion that we can't take any action," he said, citing the example of coal blocks where Supreme Court has given verdict for cancellation.
"Besides, 180 projects have been facilitated for clearance by PMG and they entail an investment of about Rs 6.5 lakh crore. We still have about 220 projects with an investment of about Rs 11 lakh crore," he added.
Swarup said these projects are related to sectors such as power, coal, steel, aluminium, road and transmission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Japan expanding business horizons in IndiaOct 10, 2014, 03.48 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Japan expanding business horizons in India
This is an event designed to provide a common platform for Indo-Japan business development. At this event we saw luminaries from the world of business come together and welcome Japanese industries and work ethics in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Japan expanding business horizons in India
This is an event designed to provide a common platform for Indo-Japan business development. At this event we saw luminaries from the world of business come together and welcome Japanese industries and work ethics in India.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
This is an event designed to provide a common platform for Indo-Japan business development. At this event we saw luminaries from the world of business come together and welcome Japanese industries and work ethics in India. The event was marked by the presence of the Honourable Minister of State for the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Ms. Nirmala Sitharaman.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi HC directs OP Chautala back to jail  bars him from poll campaignOct 10, 2014 at  04:54pm IST
Delhi HC directs OP Chautala back to jail, bars him from poll campaign
53
0
New Delhi: Delhi High Court on Friday directed Indian National Lok Dal chief Om Prakash Chautala to surrender before jail authorities on Sunday. Chautala, convicted and serving a 10-year jail term in connection with a teachers recruitment scam, appeared before the Delhi High Court on Friday after the CBI filed a petition to cancel his bail for breaking the conditions.
Chautala might be taken to AIIMS if jail/medical superintendent considered it necessary, said High Court.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers' recruitment scam case in 2013. A special CBI court on January 22, 2013, had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10 years in jail for their role in the illegal recruitment of 3,206 junior teachers in the year 2000.
Chautala might be taken to AIIMS if jail/medical superintendent considered it necessary, said High Court.
Chautala, who was granted bail to undergo medical treatment, had allegedly violated its terms by participating in election rallies. Sources in the CBI said that they had approached the High Court as Chautala had violated the terms and conditions.
3

Infosys: How analysts read Q2 numbersInfosys: How analysts read Q2 numbers
Cong complains to EC about PM Modi s Haryana land deal remarkComments
Cong alleged that the PM 'openly' flouted the Model Code of Conduct 'deliberately defaming' Haryana government. (Source: PTI)
Congress has approached the Election Commission seeking “exemplary punishment” for Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his remarks on a land deal involving Robert Vadra and DLF in Haryana.
In a petition to Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath, the party alleged that the Prime Minister “openly” flouted the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) “deliberately maligning, defaming” Haryana government and made “malicious and scandalous personal attacks” on central leadership of the Congress in October 6 rally at Hisar.
Congress on Thursday demanded an “apology” from Modi after the EC on Wednesday ruled that there was no violation of model code of conduct by the Haryana Government in clearing the land deal involving Sonia Gandhi’s son-in law Vadra.
Addressing a public rally on Monday, Modi had asked EC to take serious note of Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda clearing the land deal between Vadra and DLF alleging it was done hastily as ruling Congress faced “certain defeat” in the October 15 state Assembly polls.
Secretary of AICC Legal Department KC Mittal said that as per the code, parties and candidates need to refrain from criticism of all aspects of private life, not connected with the public activities of the leaders or workers of other parties or have to avoid criticism of other parties or their workers based on unverified allegations or distortion.
He claimed that the statement made by Modi is a “only a distortion to malign the government and Congress party  publicly to prejudice the interest of Congress candidates and seek votes for BJP candidates” and constitutes a case for violation of model code.
Maintaining that such criticism based on “unverified  allegations” is not permissible under the MCC, the party said in the complaint that the statement “is not only derogatory, malicious and scandalous on the face of it, but, such a conduct in public discourse needs to be penalised adequately for the purity of electoral process and fair conduct of polls.”
The party alleged the modus operandi was to mislead people  Modi took all liberties during the public address to focus on personal attack to defame the Congress party.
“It is therefore requested that the Commission may be pleased to impose exemplary punishment to BJP and Modi and also to ensure that in future they don’t conduct themselves to violate the MCC,” Mittal said in the complaint.

Fitch revises outlook on JLR from  stable  t...Fitch revises outlook on Jaguar Land Rover from 'stable' to 'positive'
By PTI | 10 Oct, 2014, 04.15PM IST
Fitch has revised the outlook on JLR to positive from stable apart from affirming the long-term foreign currency issuer default ratings and senior unsecured debt rating at 'BB-'.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: International rating agency Fitch has revised the outlook on Tata Motors' British arm Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) to positive from stable apart from affirming the long-term foreign currency issuer default ratings and senior unsecured debt rating at 'BB-'.
"The change in outlook to positive from stable reflects JLR's continued strong operational performance and our expectation that the company will maintain its robust financial profile, despite a period of heavy investment in its transition to become a higher volume premium manufacturer," Fitch said in a statement from Singapore today.
The positive outlook indicates that an upgrade could occur over the next 24 months if JLR continues to maintain its profitability, generate positive free cash-flows and increase its breadth and volume of products, it said, adding that the successful execution of the Jaguar XE compact sedan model is seen as a key part of this.
The report said it expects JLR's sales and profitability to continue to be robust this fiscal and FY16 on the back of a strong product pipeline and rising global demand for premium vehicles.
"We expect JLR to maintain margins above 8 per cent in FY16 despite increased costs associated with elevated capex and heightened competition," the report said.
Retail volumes in FY14 rose 16 per cent driven by the Range Rover Evoque, New Range Rover Sport and the Jaguar XJ, XF and F-Type. A richer product and geographic mix contributed to the rise in the Ebitda margins to 11.7 per cent from 10.8 per cent in FY13.
The company could continue these improvements in Q1 of FY15, with retail sales rising 22 per cent and Ebitda margins to 15.9 per cent, though the positive forex effect also helped from 10.9 per cent in Q1 of FY14.
The report, however, noted that limited scale and product diversity continue to constrain JLR's business profile and raise the risk of  volatility of earnings and cash flow.
"However, we recognise that JLR's current heavy investments, if successfully executed, will increase its product breadth and volume over the medium term."
We expect JLR's investments in capacity expansion, engines, vehicle architecture and new technologies to meet emission requirements will contribute to be negative FCF in FY15-16, despite strong cash flows from operations.
The JLR management has indicated capex of 3.5-3.7 billion pounds in the current fiscal, it noted and said it sees the company spending 3 billion in capex in FY16 as well.

Five reasons why Sunday is TVs best nightSo many shows, so little Sunday night. (AP Photo/Tim Larsen)
SHARE
Jason Lynch @jasonlynch
October 10, 2014
In 1999—long before HBO started claiming it was “not TV”—the cable network was trying to determine the ideal night of the week to debut its promising new series, The Sopranos. Eventually, executives settled on Sunday, which they saw as lacking any serious competition from network programming.
Fifteen years later, not only has Sunday become the industry’s most competitive night, it’s also the evening in which seemingly every great US television series airs. This Sunday’s lineup alone includes new episodes of Homeland, The Good Wife and Boardwalk Empire, the premiere of Showtime’s The Affair (fall’s best new drama), and most anticipated of all, the season premiere of The Walking Dead. That’s not even counting Sunday Night Football, which is primetime’s top-rated show each week.
On any given Sunday during the year, you’ll find top-shelf series like True Detective, Game of Thrones, Downton Abbey, Masters of Sex, Veep, Girls, Shameless and Mad Men. Out of the six shows nominated for Outstanding Drama Series at this year’s Emmys, only one was not a Sunday night show: Netflix’s House of Cards, which technically doesn’t air on any specific night. House of Cards was also the sole Sunday outlier at last year’s Emmys, while all six of 2012’s drama nominees were Sunday night shows.
It seems counterintuitive to pit all of TV’s best series against one another, as anyone who’s tried to program a DVR on Sundays can attest. But there is in fact a method to the networks’ madness, and five reasons why Sunday night’s quality TV overload exists—and won’t be going away anytime soon.
1. Sunday is the most-watched night of the week
It makes sense that the best shows would air on the night when there are the most available eyeballs to see them. Audiences watch TV on Sundays more than any other night of the week, according to Nielsen. An astounding 125 million Americans turn on their television each Sunday night, a number that gradually decreases throughout the week, bottoming out on Friday and Saturday.
Share
Tap image to zoom
And those audiences flock to their favorite shows in massive numbers. In the past year alone, these Sunday series have resulted in record ratings for AMC ( The Walking Dead ), HBO ( Game of Thrones ), Showtime ( Homeland ), Sunday night newbie FX ( The Strain ) and even PBS ( Downton Abbey ).
2. It’s all about the prestige factor
After so many years of watching shows like The Sopranos and Breaking Bad on Sundays, audiences have been conditioned to expect only the finest that TV has to offer on those nights. “Sunday night has become the gold standard for the best writing and the best acting, so I do think there’s a certain prestige to putting a show there,” Showtime Networks President David Nevins told Quartz.
In turn, the networks now have their reputations to uphold, which leaves them no choice but to keep their flags firmly planted on Sundays. As Nevins pointed out, if Showtime were to debut a series on a different night of the week, “audiences would wonder, ‘What’s wrong?’”
3. Sunday viewers are emotionally primed for drama
Sunday night audiences are on the precipice of another week of work or school, which leaves them in an ideal frame of mind to watch these quality shows. “It has both the anticipation and dread of the following week, so you’re in an emotional state,” Ron Simon, a Paley Center for Media curator, told The New York Times . “It’s a perfect evening to play off the emotions of your viewer.”
4. The shows set the agenda and conversation for the week
As the previous week’s slate has been wiped clean, these Sunday series are able to set the agenda and drive the conversations that viewers have with family, friends and coworkers as the week begins. “It’s the starting point, the gun goes off,” Kim Lemon, executive vice president of program planning, scheduling and research at Showtime Networks, said at the Television Critics Association’s summer press tour in July. “There’s a conversation cycle that makes that night really good.”
5. Airing on Sunday night is more important than being watched on Sunday night
While many of the Sunday shows have drawn record audiences as mentioned above, it’s also true that premium cable networks like HBO and Showtime aren’t beholden to advertisers. So those executives don’t have the expectation or urgency that viewers need to tune in “live” during their shows’ initial Sunday night airing. “I always say, it doesn’t matter to me whether you watch it on Sunday; I’m fine if you want to want until Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday,” said Nevins. “You wait much past then, you’re going to miss the conversation.”
During Homeland’s third season last fall, only 32% of its average weekly audience of 7 million watched the show live, with the rest catching up later in the week through additional airings, DVR, video on demand or streaming via Showtime Anytime. Lemon said the network’s initial tune-in is “sometimes only 15% of what our ultimate weekly number will be.”
While the networks have several valid reasons to stay entrenched on Sunday, it’s likely that at some point, their strategy will need to evolved, especially as each channel’s original series offerings continue to multiply.
“At some point, we might have to expand out,” said Nevins, who suggested that Showtime’s 2016 revival of Twin Peaks might be as good a time as any to shake things up. “Where’s Twin Peaks going to end up? Who knows? I think Twin Peaks is a show that’s strong enough to go any night of the week.”
Share this:

Tesla unveils Model S electic sedan with  autopilot  featuresTesla unveils Model S electic sedan with  autopilot  features
Severe coal shortage at power plants hits industriesSevere coal shortage at power plants hits industries
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Oct 10:  
A power plant in India's capital New Delhi is among 37 across the country that have either exhausted their coal or have less than four days' supply, a shortage that has forced some states to ration power for industries and homes.
Many states have been hit by a severe power deficit which has dealt a blow to small-scale factories that produce everything from steel to textiles and cannot afford alternatives such as diesel generators.
"The situation is very bad, with power cuts of up to 16 hours a day," said Vijay Agarwal, a director at Puja Ferro Alloys in Goa state. "The shortage has raised our costs while output is at 60 per cent of what it should be."
The New Delhi plant, run by India's largest power producer NTPC Ltd, has shut one of its five units due to coal shortage, a company official said.
Sixty of India's 103 power plants have coal enough for less than a week, mainly due to lower supplies from Coal India , according to the Central Electricity Authority.
The level of coal stocks is the worst in about six years, forcing power companies to import huge consignments and leading to congested ports. In early September, 53 plants had less than a week's supply on hand.
To deal with the power deficit, the southern state of Telengana has started cutting supplies to industries for two days a week, a move that industry body ASSOCHAM said will badly hurt small and medium sized companies.
"While all the segments of the industry will bear the impact, the small scale units will face death knell," ASSOCHAM Secretary General D.S. Rawat said in a statement.
Apart from Goa, industries in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu are suffering from frequent power cuts.
COAL IMPORTS
State-owned Coal India, the world's largest miner of the fuel, accounts for more than 80 per cent of the country's total production but has failed to raise its output fast enough to cater to the increasing needs of the power sector.
Its April-September production fell short of its target of 220.11 million tonnes by more than 9 million tonnes. Coal India's production shortfalls have already made India the third-largest importer of coal despite sitting on the world's fifth largest reserves.
But a Coal India official told Reuters on Friday that the company cannot be expected to supply all the coal that power companies need and that they should import a percentage of their requirement.
Forced by populist governments to sell power at regulated rates, many debt-laden state power companies shy away from importing coal, given the higher costs. Importing coal can cost twice as much as buying it from Coal India.
Still, India's coal imports hit 168.4 million tonnes in the fiscal year through March 31 and are rising as the new government has promised to scale up power output to light up every home. About 400 million of the 1.2 billion Indians still live without electricity.
India's inbound shipments of thermal coal, used in power generation, are expected to surge 11 per cent to 150 million tonnes this fiscal year, according to online market operator mjunction.
Annual coal imports could jump by as much as a third to more than 200 million tonnes for the next few years as a result of a court ruling last month that will halt mining of the resource by most private companies from next year.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Domestic two-wheeler industry to grow by 8-9% in FY 15: ICRAHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Domestic two-wheeler industry to grow by 8-9% in FY 15: ICRA
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 10:  
Ratings agency ICRA expects the domestic two-wheeler industry to grow 8-9 per cent in FY15 as replacement demand will support volumes in the short term. Over the medium term, the two-wheeler industry is expected to report a volume CAGR of 8-9% to reach a size of 22-23 million units (domestic plus exports) by 2016-17, a statement from ICRA said.
In the first five months of the current fiscal, sales volumes for the two-wheeler industry have expanded by 14.8 per cent YoY - the fastest pace of growth since 2010-11.
In the first five months, greater replacement demand and new motorcycle model launches by OEMs and strong demand for scooters (contributing 27% to domestic industry sales volumes in 5m 2014-15) have been the driving forces behind industry expansion.
Subrata Ray, Senior Group Vice President, ICRA Limited, said, “The fast expansion of the scooter segment’s pie has encouraged most OEMs to launch new models to capitalise on the growing opportunity offered by this segment. In 2012-13, three new scooter brands were launched in India, but the count increased to six in 2013-14. In 5m 2014-15, already four new models have been launched by OEMs with more in the pipeline.”
Compared to motorcycles (targeted at males), the penetration of scooters (targeted at both males and females) remains lower by a factor of 3-4 times which has been one of the primary drivers of demand for scooters as positioning of this product segment has become sharper. The increased supply push of new scooter launches should add to the growth momentum, he said.
ICRA believes that structural positives in the domestic market like favourable demographic profile, moderate 2W penetration levels (compared to other emerging markets), under-developed public transport system, growing urbanization and strong replacement demand remained intact. Added to these was the large opportunity in overseas markets, mainly Africa and Latin America.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Sensational murder trial of Shrien Dewani under internationalscrutinyShrien Dewani is accused of hiring local men to kill his wife on their 2010 honeymoon and make it look like a botched carjacking. (Source: Reuters photo)
Associated Press | Johannesburg | Posted: October 10, 2014 5:18 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 5:20 pm
One month after a verdict in the Oscar Pistorius trial, South African justice is again under international scrutiny as prosecutors press a murder case against a British man accused of hiring local men to kill his wife on their 2010 honeymoon and make it look like a botched carjacking.
Murder suspect Shrien Dewani, who fought extradition from Britain for years, is not globally known like Pistorius, the double-amputee athlete who killed girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, was convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide and faces sentencing next week. Also, unlike the Pistorius trial, the trial of Dewani is not being shown on live television.
Yet the case against Dewani, who pleaded not guilty Monday, launched another sensational courtroom drama involving the shooting death of a young woman, whose family desperately hopes the South African judicial system can deliver clarity four years after Anni Dewani died.
“It has been a period of torture for our family,” Vinod Hindocha, Anni Dewani’s father, said before the Cape Town trial started. “Now it’s up to the South African legal system to hear the case and obtain the full story of how my little daughter died.”
Dewani, a wealthy businessman with a jet-set lifestyle who also faces robbery and kidnapping charges, outlined his version of events in a statement submitted by lawyers.
In the statement, Dewani describes hiring a private jet to fly his fiancee to Paris and mentions a helicopter trip during a bachelor’s party in Las Vegas, as well as his traditional wedding in India. He says he sometimes argued with Anni Dewani, though maintains they were devoted. He says he consorted with male prostitutes and acknowledges surfing gay websites soon after his wife’s death _ apparently a defense attempt to pre-empt any prosecution effort to argue that Dewani murdered because he felt trapped in the marriage.
Dewani also describes frequent phone calls and text messages with a taxi driver that he says were communications about vacation plans while in Cape Town, as well as being ordered to get out of a moving car by assailants who had commandeered it.
“I recall hitting the ground and the car speeding away,” Dewani says. “The last thing I had said to Anni was to be quiet and not to say anything. I said this to her in Gujarati.”
The taxi driver, Zola Tongo, is one of three men who were sentenced to long prison terms for Anni Dewani’s murder.
George Bizos, a human rights lawyer, said there is a “fundamental difference” between the Dewani case and that of Pistorius, who said he shot Steenkamp through a closed toilet door in his home because he mistook her for an intruder. There was “no direct evidence” that Pistorius acted maliciously, according to Bizos.
In the Dewani trial, however, “there is direct evidence of incitement to kill by people who continued…

Global Tamil news channel to be launched soonOct 10, 2014 at 04:59pm IST
Global Tamil news channel to be launched soon
14
0
New Delhi: Keeping the national and global Tamil audience in mind, News7Tamil, a 24X7 Tamil News Channel, will be launched later this month.
Introducing members of the Editorial Board of the channel, Rajesh Sundaram, head of News7Tamil, said that the channel, launched by a prominent mining firm V V Group, will target Tamil audience in India and those living across the globe, including the diaspora from other countries.
The channel has also roped in music maestro A R Rahman to compose music for news headlines and other news items.
Keeping the national and global Tamil audience in mind, News7Tamil, a 24X7 Tamil News Channel, will be launched later this month.
#tamil news channel #news7tamil #nick walshe
"The Editorial Board has seven members, including Nick Walshe (former head of Newsgathering of AlJazeera English, previously a reporter and editor with ITN of London and the BBC), R Bhagwan Singh (Executive Editor - Deccan Chronicle, Chennai). I am also part of this Board," Sundaram told reporters here.
"The News7Tamil Editorial Board will work independently within an institutionalised mechanism to firewall the channel's editorial content from both external and internal influences," he said.
They will target the Tamil diaspora from other countries spread across the globe.
"In Canada, around one million Tamil people are residing. Besides, they are also living in several countries. With an aim to bring news for them, we are going to launch News7Tamil channel later this month," he added.
The company has already entered into an agreement with the cable service providers of Singapore and Malaysia and would follow the other geographies.
"We will first launch in India and then focus on other geographies. We will have special bulletins as per the respective countries suitable to the local timing," Sundaram said.
Walshe further said that the news channel would integrate its programmes with the social media platforms as Facebook, Youtube, Twitter etc following AlJazeera model.
According to management, the channel will be distributed in all major markets overseas soon after its launch in India.
122

President congratulates Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash SatyarthiOct 11, 2014 at  07:36am IST
President congratulates Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi
17
0
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee has congratulated Kailash Satyarthi on winning the Nobel Peace Prize for his work to abolish child labour in the country, saying it should be seen as recognition of India's vibrant civil society in addressing the nations's social problems like child labour.
The President said, "The prize should be seen as recognition of the contributions of India's vibrant civil society in addressing complex social problems such as child labour and the important role played by them in collaboration with the government in the nation's efforts to eliminate all forms of child labour in the country".
Satyarthi was born on January 11, 1954 in Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh. The Nobel Peace Prize Committee said that he has been awarded for his struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.
Satyarthi was born on January 11, 1954 in Vidisha in Madhya Pradesh.

Dhaula Kuan gangrape case: Court defers verdict to Tuesday4
0
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Friday deferred its verdict in a 2010 abduction and gang rape case in Dhaula Kuan, to October 14.
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat deferred the verdict saying the order was not prepared.
Shamshad alias Khutkan, Usman alias Kale, Shahid alias Chhota Billi, Iqbal alias Bada Billi and Kamruddin are being tried for the abduction and gang rape of a 30-year-old call centre executive in Dhaula Kuan area of south Delhi.
A Delhi court on Friday deferred its verdict in a 2010 abduction and gang rape case in Dhaula Kuan, to October 14.
According to the police, the five men abducted the woman, who hailed from the northeast, November 24, 2010, while she was walking home with a friend after her shift ended.
The abductors took her to Mangolpuri, gang raped her, and left her on an isolated road there.
The five were later arrested from Mewat in Haryana. They have claimed innocence, saying they were falsely implicated in the case.
They are being tried on charges of gang rape, criminal intimidation and abduction.
After the incident, Delhi Police ordered all BPO companies in Delhi and the National Capital Region to drop women employees home while providing them security.
1

Sensex extends losses in late trade as European stocks slumpSensex extends losses in late trade as European stocks slump
We can again become bellwether of IT industry: Vishal SikkaInfosys can regain industry-leader position, says CEO Vishal Sikka
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 19:09 IST
Vishal Sikka, CEO, Infosys (Photo: Reuters)
Leveraging next generation technologies like artificial intelligence, software services major Infosys is confident of returning to industry-leading growth and regaining its position as the bellwether of the over $100 billion Indian IT industry.
Vishal Sikka , who took over as CEO of the Bangalore-based firm in August, has been tasked with putting the firm back on the growth trajectory at par with peers like TCS and HCL Technologies.
"Infosys was founded on this notion, the dream, an idea of a next generation services company with a global delivery model and of pioneering things. We believe we can get back to that consistent profitable growth as well as achieve great growth and once again becoming a bellwether of the IT industry," Sikka said.
He added that he looked forward to leading an Infosys that can grow significantly and achieve great profitability.
In the last 70 days since assuming office, Sikka has been engaging actively with partners, customers and employees.
"We, at Infosys, see a tremendous opportunity in this world that we are emerging into. We have to ourselves deal with this duality of on one hand, renewing our existing services and on the other hand, complementing that with new kind of services," he said.
The former SAP board member said the company wants to up the ante on innovation in area of big data, automation, analytics, artificial intelligence etc.
He added that the gap between Infosys and its rivals will not be bridged with practices of the past like merely lowering costs and faster hiring but rather with massive embrace of automation and innovation.
Asked when the company expected to perform at par with industry rate, Sikka said he would stick to the three-year journey that Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy had spoken about.
The nature of the business is such that there is an inherent latency in the adoption and in being able to see the results, he added.
Sikka said Infosys' long-term target was to grow in the 15-18 per cent range, while meaningful revival in the business would be visible within the next two years.
Buoyed by a strong set of numbers, Infosys shares rose by 6.68 per cent to settle at Rs 3,888.95 apiece on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
For entire 2014-15 fiscal, the country's second-largest software services firm maintained its revenues guidance of 7-9 per cent growth.
In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4 per cent to $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from $383 million in the year-ago period.
Revenues rose by 6.5 per cent to $2.2 billion in Q2, from $2.07 billion in the year-ago period.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," Sikka said.
He added that the company's strategy is to apply the same principles to its own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate growth.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," Bansal said.
Infosys and its subsidiaries added 49 clients during the quarter.
The company made a gross addition of 14,255 employees (net addition of 4,127) in Q2, taking its total headcount to 1,65,411 as of September 30, 2014.
The company's attrition level was higher at 20.1 per cent during the quarter, compared to 19.5 per cent in the April- June period.

Hema Malini s chopper mobbed at rally venue 1 injured by bladeComments
Hema, the MP from Mathura, is canvassing for party nominees in Haryana.
Chaos prevailed as a helicopter that had brought BJP MP Hema Malini for an election rally here on Friday was mobbed, leaving one person injured who was hit by a blade of the chopper.
As the helicopter carrying Hema landed at Barwala village in the district, people rushed towards it to have a glimpse of the actress from close.
In the melee, the blade of the chopper at its end hit the neck of Jagwinder Singh, a resident of Sarsod village in the district, police said.
Singh has been admitted to a private hospital and is  stated to be out of danger, they said.
However, Hema went on to address the rally where she sought support for party candidate Surinder Punia.
Earlier at a rally at Adampur, the MP had a tough time in reaching the dais as she was mobbed there also.
Hema, the MP from Mathura, is canvassing for party nominees in Haryana.
BJP is testing electoral waters in Haryana on its own this time. The party has fielded candidates on all 90 Assembly seats in Haryana, which will go to polls on October 15.

German stocks hit 1-year lowGerman stocks hit 1-year low on recession fears
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 10, 2014: 9:04 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Shares in top German companies plunged Friday to their lowest levels in a year as Europe's biggest economy teeters on the brink of another recession.
Germany's DAX index fell by more than 2% to about 8,800. The summer's record high above 10,000 is now a distant memory.
The index has fallen 4% over the past five days and nearly 8% since the start of 2014.
Most European markets are now flashing red for the year but Germany has been particularly hard-hit after a recent series of disastrous data.
The German economy slipped into reverse in the second quarter of the year, contracting by 0.2% and slamming the brakes on the fragile eurozone recovery .
August numbers for industrial production, factory orders and exports were all deeply negative, putting Germany on course to shrink further in the third quarter.
That would push the manufacturing giant into its third recession since the 2008 global financial crisis.
The Ukraine crisis has hurt exports to Russia , and business confidence has taken a beating.
With Italy shrinking and France stagnating, Europe desperately needs Germany to restart its engine.
Related: 'Mediocre' growth plagues world economy
After cutting interest rates as low as they can go, the European Central Bank is now planning to buy private sector loans and mortgages in a bid to encourage more bank lending and reduce the risk of deflation and stagnation.
Assets worth as much as one trillion euros could qualify for the stimulus program, which begins this month. The euro has fallen 9% since May to a two-year low against the dollar.
But ECB President Mario Draghi has made clear that the bank can't fix Europe on its own.
 
ECB takes leaf out of Fed playbook
Pressure is building on Germany -- which expects to balance its budget next year -- to provide additional stimulus to the economy by increasing government spending on infrastructure.
So far the German government has spurned calls from within Europe and beyond to open its coffers, emphasizing instead the need for more reforms.
First Published: October 10, 2014: 7:50 AM ET
Most Popular

JB Chemicals Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 10, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGM
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals: Updates on outcome of AGM
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 15, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Crude going to $65/barrel: Procrude going to $65/barrel: pro
Malala hopes Nobel prize will help her causeMalala hopes Nobel prize will help her cause
Vodafone wins Rs.3 200 crore tax case on outsourcing armVodafone wins Rs.3 200 crore tax case on outsourcing arm
Rutron International: Outcome of board meetingRutron International: Outcome of board meeting
5 reasons why global markets are tumbling5 reasons why global markets are tumbling
Muhurat picks- 7 stocks to buy for next year: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Muhurat picks- 7 stocks to buy for next year: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com has recommended State Bank of India, UltraTech Cement, Rallis India, Exide Industries, SKF India, Maharashtra Seamless and Kansai Nerolac as its Muhurat 2014 picks.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com's muhurat picks 2014
Equity markets have rallied over 25% since last Diwali, largely fuelled by improving corporate earnings, expectations of tough reforms from the new government and reviving macroeconomic variables. The government has already initiated several confidence building measures and taken key decisions like allowing FDI in several sectors, railway fare hike, online environment and forest clearance, etc.
The government’s pro-activeness is complemented by robustness in economic data points. GDP growth has revived to a nine-quarter high of 5.7% in Q1FY15, strengthening hopes of an economic turnaround and a shift to a high growth trajectory. Secondly, softening crude prices at a 27-month low of $91/barrel would cushion the current and fiscal account imbalances. At current levels, under-recoveries are expected to decline to ~Rs 80,500 crore in FY15 from ~Rs 140,000 crore in FY14. Thirdly, declining crude prices would also help soften inflation, which had remained at elevated levels for much of the recent past. Consequently, we expect CPI to reach below 7% by FY15 from the current 7.8% levels, which could pave the way for rate cuts.
Sensex earnings grew 17.1% in FY14, partly aided by suppressed cumulative growth of 6.9% in last two years. Earnings are expected to grow 16.2% in FY15E before reviving to 18.5% in FY16E. We expect Sensex to trade at 16.5x FY16E EPS of 1880 at 31000 by next Diwali.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Diamond Power Infrastructure: Outcome of board meetingOct 10, 2014, 05.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Diamond Power Infrastructure: Outcome of board meeting
Diamond Power Infrastructure has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has transacted the following:- Accepted Resignation of Shri. Karthik Athreya as a Nominee Director of the Company, nominated by Clear Water Capital Partners (Cyprus).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Diamond Power Infrastructure: Outcome of board meeting
Diamond Power Infrastructure has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has transacted the following:- Accepted Resignation of Shri. Karthik Athreya as a Nominee Director of the Company, nominated by Clear Water Capital Partners (Cyprus).
Post your opinion here
 
Diamond Power Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 10, 2014, has transacted the following:- Accepted Resignation of Shri. Karthik Athreya as a Nominee Director of the Company, nominated by Clear Water Capital Partners (Cyprus).Source : BSE

Industrial production growth low at 0.4 per cent in AugustIndustrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4%
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Industrial production growth slowed down to five-month low of 0.4 per cent in August mainly due contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had also grown at a meagre rate of 0.4 per cent in August, 2013.
IIP for July was also revised downwards to 0.41 per cent from the provisional estimates of 0.5 per cent released last month, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office today.
During the April-August period of 2014-15, IIP grew at 2.8 per cent, as against flat production in same period in the previous fiscal.
According to the IIP data, manufacturing - which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index - contracted by 1.4 per cent in August, compared to 0.2 per cent decline in output a year ago. For April-August, the sector grew at 1.8 per cent, compared to 0.1 per cent contraction in the year-ago period.
The consumer goods output contracted by 6.9 per cent in August against 0.9 per cent decline logged a year ago. For April-August, the segment showed contraction of 4.9 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.6 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
The consumer durables segment declined by 15 per cent in August, as against a dip of 8.3 per cent a year ago. For April-August, it declined 12.9 per cent as against a dip of 11.2 per cent in the five month period of last fiscal.
Consumer non-durable goods output too declined by 0.9 per cent in August, compared to 5.4 per cent growth in same month last year. During April-August, the segment grew by 0.9 per cent compared to 6.8 per cent growth in same period last fiscal.
Overall, 11 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed positive growth in August.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Two Koreas exchange fire at borderOctober 10, 2014 1:01 pm
Two Koreas exchange machinegun fire at border
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76513d34-506d-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business Today celebrates the growth of women across spheresGADGETS AND GIZMOS
 
Their numbers are growing, slowly yet steadily. Their presence can be felt in influential positions in business, in entrepreneurship, in government. From powerful daughters, bahus, chairpersons to women making a mark in microfinance, read on, as BT celebrates and chronicles their tales of perspiration and, of course, inspiration.
Women are proving their worth at management posts
Indra K. Nooyi has directed the company's global strategy for more than a decade  and led its restructuring, including the divestiture of its restaurants  into the successful YUM! Brands, Inc.

Business Today peeks into the world of luxuryThe history and journey of Amrapali Jewels
'Gem Palace has been manufacturing jewellery for 150 years'
Chef Mickey Bhoite on the art of preparing duck tortellini
Chef Rohit Gambhir on the changing Indian palate
Trunks Company wants trunks to be a proper lifestyle product
John Lobb offers timeless products: Thomas Collette
Copyright @ 2014 Living Media India Limited. For reprint right: Syndications

The dark side of the sunUpdated: October 8, 2014 17:56 IST
The dark side of the sun
ANJANA RAJAN
The Hindu Author, Radhika Jha with her latest book "My Beautiful Shadow". Photo: Meeta Ahlawat
Special Arrangement Radhika Jha's latest novel, “My Beautiful Shadow” (HarperCollins) was launched in New Delhi recently.
TOPICS
books and literature
In her fourth novel, Radhika Jha gives voice to a Japanese woman, but is she only Japanese?
It could all be said to have started with a dream. “I had a dream, about this woman who’s preparing for a family holiday. And she’s very stressed,” says Radhika Jha, whose latest novel, “My Beautiful Shadow” (HarperCollins) was launched in New Delhi recently. In the next part of the dream, she saw the family leaving in the car, but the woman, who had done all the packing and organising, was not in the car. The family seemed not to have noticed.
The chilling realisation that one’s presence is required only for the convenience of the family rather than any enjoyment of one’s company must have come to nine out of ten married women across the world at some point in their lives.
“I never really understood what feminism was about until I got married,” remarks the author, also a trained Odissi dancer, who has written three earlier novels and a collection of short stories. “You start off thinking you’re indispensable, and the real downer is when you realise you’re not indispensable, you realise you’re not even visible.”
But this novel is set in Japan. It contains aspects of the country’s society, contemporary history and traditions that could only be Japanese. She comments, “The theme is universal, that’s why I felt brave enough to write it.”
She did not intend to write about Japan when she initially went to live there. A novelist needs to get inside the minds of one’s characters, and to do this must have a clear grasp of, as well as fearless opinions on, what moulded those minds, and the effect of their actions.
Obviously a strong conviction set her on the path to writing the story of young Kayo, married to the first man she falls in love with and a mother before she reaches 20, a woman who finds a balm, if only temporary, for her heart’s black hole (“Makkura, as you must know, means pure blackness in Japanese… a place beyond thought, beyond action…without sound, colour, light,” says the narrator) in the glittering machinations of the consumer universe.
“The dream is one side but there’s a deeper reason why it’s set in Japan,” says the author. On the one hand, she points out, Japan is an “advanced, developed, highly technical world,” and on the other “a society that has held on to its culture.”
Like many eastern societies, this culture gives more importance to upholding the identity and prestige of the group (family, company, neighbourhood, group of friends) than to individual choice. Thus the passion for clothes — shopping therapy if you will — she feels, is a “way of resolving the tension between the individual and group responsibility.”
As in the story of Kayo, it begins “as a form of rebellion and then it takes over.”
To those who don’t know Japan intimately, the intensity and wan beauty of the novel, combined with phrases and sentences in Japanese scattered throughout (the author has learnt the language and speaks it fluently) seem to combine in an authentic voice. What would those who have grown up in that society feel? Radhika says she has had a range of reactions but no one said it was lacking in authenticity.
“Some people got very angry,” she says. Some demanded how she could “write this kind of thing about Japan,” with the sad question, “I thought you loved Japan.”
Some, she says, even said they “never felt it was written by a non-Japanese person.” Significantly, “No one ever said it was written from a Western perspective.”
If there was initial hesitation to write a book about a country that only became her home for six years due to her husband’s posting, now Radhika is set to write not one but two more books set in Japan. “Because I think Japan is the laboratory of the future.”

Using technology not to minimize but to  maximize the teacher s roleUsing technology not to minimize but to 'maximize the teacher's role'
Using technology not to minimize but to 'maximize the teacher's role'
Chris Hull, a seventh-grade social studies teacher and co-founder of Otus Mobile Learning Environment, discusses the use of iPads in the classroom, the importance of sharing your idea and "one of the largest challenges we face."
Chris Hull, a seventh-grade social studies teacher and co-founder of Otus Mobile Learning Environment, discusses the use of iPads in the classroom, the importance of sharing your idea and "one of the largest challenges we face."

HTC RE is not a GoPro killer  it is a new camera categoryPrint
The HTC RE is waterproof and can attach to your cap or arm. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:27 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:45 pm
It is rare for a smartphone company to branch off into a completely new vertical. But HTC is doing just this with its new RE camera, what the company internally calls a “remarkable little camera”.
While everyone is tempted to start calling this simple, uncomplicated handheld camera a rival for the GoPro, which has almost acquired cult status across most of the globe, HTC Corporation CEO Peter Chou doesn’t agree. “We are very different, we are mobile, we don’t need a PC and we are cloud based… we are for everybody,” Chou told IndianExpress.com during an interaction on the sidelines of the launch in New York.
And this is going to be the USP of the RE. The camera for the everyone. To start with, this camera has just two buttons — one to shoot and another to initiate slow motion. The camera does not have a power button as it switches on when you hold it in your hand.
HTC USA head Jaon Mackenzie says this shape is ideal to grip, but then you can attach it to a whole lot of places from your arm to the front of a bicycle. A single press on the main buttons gets you a 16MP still image, while a long press starts Full HD (1080p) video recording. Things couldn’t be more simpler.
But then this is a device for the mobile generation. It does not need to be tethered to a PC at any time and can be controlled by an app. HTC has launched the app for all Android devices with version 4.3 upwards and even iOS. A clear indication that it is taking this camera very seriously.
The camera does not come with internal storage, so the app lets you save images and videos to the cloud. You can also add an SD card of up to 128GB.
Perched on a bottle top, the HTC RE records a conversation with Chia-Lin Chang, HTC’s President of Global Sales and Chief Financial Officer
HTC RE has a distinct price advantage too, given that it is priced at $199 in the US. You also don’t need to spend much on accessories as it is already waterproof.
The RE will become available in India by November and we estimate it to be priced between Rs 15,000 and Rs 20,000.  HTC might try and go a bit below this price point. Consider that with the starting price of around Rs 30,000 for an older GoPro model. HTC really has a chance to create a mark for itself in this category. But it won’t be long before a lot of other companies like Sony continued…

Rupee jumps 31 paise in early tradeUpdated: October 9, 2014 09:48 IST
Rupee jumps 31 paise in early trade
PTI
currency values
Extending its rising streak for the fourth straight day, the rupee surged by 31 paise to trade at two-week high of 61.09 against the dollar in early trade on Thursday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on sustained selling of the U.S. currency by exporters and banks.
Forex dealers said besides selling of the American unit by exporters and easing global crude prices, gains in other Asian currencies against the dollar and a higher opening in the domestic stock market, buoyed the sentiment.
The rupee had gained three paise to close at 61.40 against the dollar in yesterday’s trade due to strong selling pressure on the Greenback from banks and exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered sharply by 312.81 points, or 1.19 per cent, to trade at 26,559.60 in early trade.

Polaris Financial stock closes 13.14% lowerPolaris Financial Technology stock closes 13.14% lower
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:53 IST
Shares of Polaris Financial Technology slumped over 23 per cent during intra-day trade on Thursday as the stock went ex-demerger.
The company's stock plunged 21.13 per cent to Rs 194.75 on the BSE. The stock closed 13.14 per cent lower on Thursday.
In a filing to the BSE, Polaris had last month said that the Board of Directors in its meeting held on September 24, have fixed the record date as October 10 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited, the resulting company after the demerger.
The company had earlier announced the demerger of its products business into a separate entity called Intellect Design Arena and the scheme of arrangement has already been sanctioned by the Madras High Court.
Under the scheme of demerger, each member of Polaris will be allotted one new share in Intellect Design Arena for every one share held in Polaris Financial Technology.
"Post the record date, Intellect Design Arena will allot its shares to the shareholders of Polaris Financial Technology," the company had said in a BSE filing on September 26.

Meet PlayBuzz  the Israeli clickbait farm that just beat Buzzfeed  and is coming for you nextBy Caitlin Dewey October 9 Follow @caitlindewey
(PlayBuzz)
It looks like Buzzfeed ; it quacks like Buzzfeed. But PlayBuzz, the obscure Israeli clickbait factory that recently eclipsed its viral rivals in the all-important measure of Facebook shares, is most definitely its own animal.
The site has been online since early this year, and the company behind it has been around since 2012. But it didn’t land on most people’s radars until this week, when NewsWhip — a social media analytics firm — published its monthly report on the Web sites people share most on Facebook.
No. 1 was the Huffington Post. No. 3 was Buzzfeed.
And in the coveted No. 2 spot, with an enviable 7.6 million shares, was some random site called PlayBuzz — which apparently millions upon millions of people use but nobody actually talks about.
This is, incidentally, all part of PlayBuzz’s shtick. The site traffics in the same kind of frivolous listicles and personality quizzes that put Buzzfeed on the map long before that site had more serious ambitions. (“10 Ways to Know That You Were Friendzoned” and “Which 90’s TV Girl Are You?” led the homepage, as of this morning.) But PlayBuzz pitches itself as a platform, not a publisher. In other words, it provides the technology to build quizzes and listicles, invites anybody to make their own quiz and embed it on their own site for free, and then reaps the rewards in Facebook shares. Behold:
As PlayBuzz itself has insisted , the model’s far more similar to YouTube than it is to Buzzfeed. And as far as social strategies go, it’s pretty brilliant.
There’s very little overhead for PlayBuzz, because unpaid contributors — and pet Web sites , and lumber suppliers , and a network of more than a thousand media organizations, including Martha Stewart and MTV  — do all the actual creating for them.
It also doesn’t have to market the quizzes and listicles these contributors produce. Because PlayBuzz encourages other sites to embed its content at will, and then loads those embeds with all kinds of social share buttons, it disperses to a wide and varied audience all on its own. Between June and September, the site’s Facebook shares ballooned from 2 million to more than 7.5 million — all with 26 employees and no marketing budget.
It’s unclear whether PlayBuzz can sustain the momentum, though there’s no indication it’ll go anywhere but up. PlayBuzz’s parent company, PlayCharger Media , is helmed by Shaul Olmert, the well-heeled, NYU-educated son of former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert. In December, he’ll graduate from the tech incubator his company has called home since 2012, at which point Olmert and co. will presumably need to start thinking about things like how to make money .
You may not have known what PlayBuzz was three days ago — but in three months, you probably will.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Ebola nations plead for faster responseAfrican leaders plead for more help to fight Ebola
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8cc3e866-4fd0-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK airports add medical checks for EbolaHeathrow and Gatwick airports add medical checks for Ebola
By Elizabeth Rigby, Deputy Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f4bed34-4fd0-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tapping the new waveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global Economy Shows Increasing Signs of Fragility: From Wall Street to Berlin  the Warning Lights Are Flashingreddit
In the past few days the equity markets, in particular the Dow Jones index, have displayed wild gyrations. One day stocks fall sharply, followed by a near equal climb the following day, only to shortly afterwards swing down sharply again. The sentiment-driven swings on the world's bourses display extreme nervousness  by investors. Increasingly, they are beginning to catch on that the "recovery" was no secular recovery following the  global economic and financial crisis of 2008, but a short-lived stabilization. Now, reality is catching up fast.
For the past few months, there have been indications of stagnation in the world's fourth largest economy, Germany, which has been the sole force holding together the debt-ridden Eurozone. Now comes the August figures on German exports: a decline of 5.8 percent , the worst contraction in Germany's critical export sector since January of 2009, at the worst point of the global economic crisis.
The German export contraction is merely a hint of what is happening globally. Trade growth is slowing, inhibiting the ability of sovereigns to finance their massive structural deficits and cope with record high levels of unemployment. The geopolitical situation is very bad and getting worse, pointing to further erosion in economic confidence. It may be that the global economy is only one major crisis away from another catastrophe, as in 2008. And the sources of that next crisis are everywhere around us: the Islamic State war in the heart of the Middle East; looming tension with Iran over the nuclear issue; border tensions between India and Pakistan;  a territorial dispute in the Far East that pits China against Japan and Vietnam. Then there is the Ukraine crisis, pitting Russia against most of Europe and the United States. On top of the geopolitical flashpoints, there is now the emerging global health crisis involving the Ebola virus. Any one of these flash points can trigger a "Black Swan" event that could plunge all major economies into a severe recession.
While all those negative indicators envelope our world, central banks across the globe are giving increasing signs that sooner rather than later the policy of essentially zero-interest rates will have to be reversed, as the distorting effects  of artificially low rates cannot be maintained in perpetuity. Yet, it has been largely those low rates, in combination with the unleashing of a flood of liquidity, that are largely responsible for the limited economic growth that has occurred since 2008, along with the recovery of the world's stock markets from their worst losses  incurred during the onset of the crisis.
The mood swings on Wall Street and elsewhere appear to be the tracing of a fiscal and economic electrocardiograph, delineating that not all is well with the global economy, and the warning signals are flashing red. Underlying and reinforcing those fears is the knowledge within the financial community that sovereigns expended so much of their capital in coping with the last worldwide economic crisis, there is little left for policymakers to react with when the next big financial and economic tsunami  strikes the global economy.
Follow Sheldon Filger on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EconomicCrisis
More:

Georgia county commission candidate gets restraining order against journalist (and city councilman)By Eugene Volokh October 9 Follow @volokhc
Tom Owens is running for the County Commission of DeKalb County (a large county in the Atlanta metropolitan area). George Chidi , a former Atlanta Journal-Constitution writer and now a city councilman in a small Atlanta-area town, wrote a sharply critical story about Owens. The same day, Owens got a Stalking Ex Parte Temporary Protection Order against Chidi.
The order, among other things, bars Chidi “from approaching within 100 yards” of Owens and from having “contact of any type, direct or indirect, or through another person, with [Owens].” Chidi is also barred from “follow[ing]” Owens or “plac[ing Owens] under surveillance.” The hearing on whether to vacate or extend the order will be Oct. 22, so the temporary order will in any event take up much of the rest of the election campaign; the election is Nov. 4, and early voting begins Oct. 13.
This strikes me as very troubling, since it interferes with the ability of Chidi — a political commentator, blogger, and journalist — to cover a candidate for public office. Often, restrictions on deliberately being near a person, or on deliberately contacting a person, will only modestly affect the restricted person’s ability to speak to willing listeners. But when that person is a political figure, that means the journalist can’t go to the person’s political speeches, can’t ask questions at such speeches, can’t get confirmation or denial on the stories he’s writing, and so on. Indeed, the order would even bar Chidi from asking Owens questions through Owens’ campaign manager or similar assistant (paid or volunteer).
Now I take it that Owens’ claim must be that Chidi had deliberately engaged in
a knowing and willful course of conduct directed at a specific person which causes emotional distress by placing such person in reasonable fear for such person’s safety or the safety of a member of his or her immediate family, by establishing a pattern of harassing and intimidating behavior, and which serves no legitimate purpose.
The theory must be that something Chidi said or did physically threatened Owens. But the petition itself gives no supporting details, other than saying that something happened at “Andrews Church” in Tucker on Sept. 18, 2014, and at the “Swim & Tennis Club” in Dunwoody on Oct. 5, 2014. And since this was an ex parte temporary restraining order, Chidi wasn’t present at the hearing. The only impartial news report I’ve seen about the incidents was this one in the Dunwoody Crier :
[After a candidate forum,] Owens and a friend, Joe Newton of Gwinnett County, got into a shouting match with George Chidi, a blogger for Peach Pundit.
Chidi has published a blog post investigation of Owens’ background, discovering stalking charges, restraining orders, harassment of candidates and a lingering feud with the imam of a mosque behind his home. Owens didn’t appear to like it.
Whatever the proper scope of stalking harassment orders might be in normal cases, this one seems highly inapt in this case. If there is a serious charge that a political writer who is writing stories about a candidate also said or did something physically threatening the candidate, a restraining order might be proper. But at the very least the critic should be present to defend himself, either at the initial hearing or within hours or a few days at most.
Restricting such a political writer for two weeks in the immediate run-up to the election can’t be a constitutionally permissible burden. As State v. Drahota (2010) makes clear, even when restrictions on unwanted speech to a person are generally constitutional, restrictions on such speech to candidates for office may not be. (See also the cases cited at pp. 21-23 of this brief .)
For those who think this rings a bell, yes, the statute is the one involved in Chan v. Ellis , in which I filed an amicus brief (and in which I argued as an amicus this past Tuesday). But the legal issues in the two cases are somewhat different, because Chan involved an even broader speech restriction.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

With Global Economy Stuttering  Governments Urged to Open PurseYou are here: Home Global Economy
With Global Economy Stuttering, Governments Urged to Open Purse
Reuters | Updated On: October 10, 2014 08:04 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Washington: Advocates of a global infrastructure push foresee hundreds of billions of dollars of efficiently managed projects springing up across developed and developing nations alike, putting the unemployed to work while paving the way for stronger economic growth in the future.
But the effort could well founder on the politics tied to public spending in high-debt nations like the United States, as well as the realities of infrastructure itself: for every well-designed road or port, there's a "bridge to nowhere," an underused Olympic stadium or a pork barrel project that has added to government debt without a clear economic payoff.
The International Monetary Fund, a prime mover in the call for some governments to ease their fixation over debt and invest in economically worthy projects, warned in a recent report that while the best projects can pay off, "in practice, public investment decisions frequently are not guided by economic rationale."
Studies done by groups like the McKinsey Global Institute estimate the world needs to spend tens of trillions of dollars on airports, roads, bridges and power plants over the next 15 to 20 years.
It won't come fast.
In the United States, an Obama administration proposal to overhaul roads and bridges is stymied in Congress, evidence of the difficulty even wealthy nations may face in deciding between higher debt today and future productivity.
Canadian Finance Minister Joe Oliver, speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank fall meetings in Washington, also said there was no rush in his country.
"We understand the importance of infrastructure. The question is how much you devote to it. But we think Canadians, who are paying on average I think it is 43 per cent of their income on some form of tax, ... are paying enough, too much actually," Oliver said.
German officials have also balked, arguing the risk of a fresh recession in the rest of Europe was no reason for them to start borrowing and spending to excess.
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble on Thursday dismissed the idea of "writing checks" in Europe to bolster growth even as Europe's largest economy, which contracted by 0.2 per cent in the second quarter, faces the prospect of flatlining in the third quarter and weakening into 2015.
Digging yourself out of trouble
The message from IMF officials, however, was blunt: for countries that can afford it, there may be no choice but to open the spigot to keep the world economy from backsliding.
"There has been a big drop in aggregate demand. Someone has to fill that gap," IMF Deputy Managing Director Min Zhu said. Underlying that comment is recognition that six years of crisis-fighting has failed to do the job. Loose monetary policy has pumped trillions of dollars into global markets, but much of it is sidelined in the form of bank reserves or large corporate cash holdings - and less of it translated into business investment or household spending.
Recovery programs in Europe and Japan have failed to gain traction, China is slowing, and American officials are worried the situation could choke off the US recovery as well.
Global efforts at structural reform and trade liberalization have also stalled.
During a panel discussion here on Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi ventured close to a fiscal prescription for the euro zone, noting that investments in public education could also be construed as "infrastructure," and making an only slightly veiled call on Germany to loosen the purse strings.
"For governments that have fiscal space it makes sense to use it. You decide to which countries this sentence applies," Draghi said.
There are doubters, and even advocates at the IMF say the effort will need to proceed with a level of care not always present in public works projects.
Doubt about the public and economic benefits of the largest infrastructure programs led the World Bank to largely abandon them until a few years ago, a policy current President Jim Yong Kim is reversing.
At a conference where he urged a stronger world fiscal response, IMF Deputy Managing Director Naoyuki Shinohara also acknowledged the wasteful public works spending in Japan that ran the country's debt to the highest in the world, with parallel roads built by different ministries, for example.
Beyond that, developed nations in Europe and elsewhere may be too debt-constrained to spend much more.
"I don't see the conditions in the largest economies to have a sudden increase," Mexican Finance Minister Luis Videgaray said in an interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Row after Cong sends office boys to meet Chhattisgarh GovernorThe two Congress office attendants at Governor House
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: October 10, 2014 3:04 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 9:16 am
The Chhattisgarh unit of the Congress has stirred a controversy by sending two office attendants as its representatives to meet and submit a memorandum to Governor Balram Das Tandon.
The Congress has claimed that they took the step after the governor refused to meet the party delegation, which wanted to air its grievances against Chief Minister Raman Singh. The BJP, meanwhile, claimed that “sending attendants to the governor amounts to his insult”.
Paklu Sarthi and Budhram, who work as attendants in the Congress office in Raipur, visited the Governor’s residence Wednesday evening and submitted the memorandum. “We wanted to meet the Governor for the past three days to submit a memorandum about several flawed policies of the CM, but he refused to give us time. Finally, he asked for a list of Congress delegates who wanted to meet him,” Congress spokesperson Shailesh Nitin Trivedi said. But the Governor, Trivedi said, insisted on meeting only eight leaders, so we decided to send these two as a mark of protest.
The Governor’s office confirmed that Tandon wanted to meet only eight-nine persons. The BJP, meanwhile, said, “Sending attendants to submit a memorandum to the governor reflects the ochhi maansikta (petty mentality) of Congress president Bhupesh Baghel. Governor’s post is a constitutional one and this move insults him,” BJP national general secretary Ramvichar Netam said.
Trivedi said their behaviour was not inappropriate and pointed out that “earlier Governors had met up to 74 delegates of the opposition”.

L&T Eyes Infrastructure Assets Listing in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
L&T Eyes Infrastructure Assets Listing in India
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Industrial conglomerate Larsen and Toubro Ltd is exploring a listing of its infrastructure assets including toll roads in the local market via a newly created investment trust, its chief financial officer told Reuters.
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
"If we can list these assets without the foreign exchange risk, then obviously we would prefer to do it," he said, adding that the company needed clarity on some tax issues before moving ahead with it.
India cleared the way for the country's first infrastructure trusts as well as so-called real estate investment trusts in July by announcing tax benefits, allowing developers to monetize their assets through a stock exchange listing.
Larsen had tapped investors earlier this year for a listing of its infrastructure assets in Singapore - in a deal sources familiar with the matter said could have raised up to $800 million - but did not move ahead with the plan.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

India Sept inflation likely eased on lower food  fuel costsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Elon Musk launches high-end Tesla car© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b45f9386-5032-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hudhud to be very severe cyclone as it advances towards Andhra coast38 trains cancelled as cyclone Hudhud picks up momentum
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/visakhapatnam/Bhubaneswar, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:08 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:56 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
Cyclone Hudhud was upgraded to a “very severe cyclonic storm” on Friday as it hurtled towards India’s east coast, where it is expected to make landfall near Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh by Sunday noon.
Tourists have been asked not to enter into Puri sea beach during high tides as cyclone Hudhud looms large. (HT photo)
The governments in Andhra and Odisha, which also lies in the storm’s path, will start massive evacuations on Saturday and has put the local administration on high alert. In Visakhapatnam alone, about 35,000 people need to be evacuated from 57 coastal villages and moved to 40 relief camps.
“The storm will gain in intensity and hit the coast at a speed of 140-150 kmph with wind speeds of up to 165kmph,” India Meteorological Department director general Dr LS Rathore said.
Rising waters of the cyclone would inundate low lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of Andhra, he added.
The gathering storm comes almost exactly one year after Phailin, also a ‘very severe cyclonic storm’, hit the Odisha coast, bringing gales of 200-220kmph that killed nearly 30 people and displaced more than 400,000.
“We are expecting Hudhud’s intensity to decrease 12 hours after hitting the coast,” Rathore said, forecasting rain in parts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana. There will be no impact on the climate in Delhi, he added.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has dispatched 39 teams — 1,573 personnel and 193 boats — to vulnerable places in the two states. “The Centre is closely monitoring Hudhud’s progression,” said home minister Rajnath Singh, after speaking to the chief ministers of Odisha, Andhra and Telangana.
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) and district administration person during a mock drill before Cyclonic Storm ‘Hudhud’ near beach area, in Puri. (HT Photo)
Schools and colleges in Visakhapatnam will be closed on Saturday. Fishing operations have been suspended in six districts of Andhra and four in Odisha.
“If people don’t leave even after the warnings, police will be used to evacuate them,” said Visakhapatnam district magistrate N Yuvaraj.
The armed forces are also on alert with four warships of the Eastern Naval Command and six naval aircraft on standby for rescue operations and airdropping of relief material. The Coast Guard has deployed 17 ships and nine aircraft.
The cyclone is also set to hit railway services with 38 trains cancelled and 31 diverted. Flight operations at Visakhapatnam airport would also be affected.
In Odisha, officials said heavy rainfall was expected in eight districts for the next two days. Rescue personnel have started mock drills in at least 323 multi-purpose cyclone shelters. “If necessary, people in the eight districts will be evacuated to cyclone shelters,” Odisha special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said.
The scare is evident in Odisha’s Ganjam district, badly hit by Phailin. At Gopalpur, where Phailin made landfall, the beaches looked deserted on Friday. “At least 80% tourists have cancelled their bookings,” said a hotel owner.

Investing at the end of a supercycleInvesting at the end of a supercycle
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
Commodity asset investment now requires inventive minds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06491f0c-5040-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil nears four-year low on growth fearsOil hits multiyear lows on growth fears
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18fc0af2-505d-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook keen to expand reach in IndiaFacebook keen to expand reach in India
PTI Oct 10, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Facebook requested Prasad…)
NEW DELHI: World's biggest social network Facebook wants to connect more people to internet in India which accounts for the third largest online user base globally after China and the US but has a very low internet penetration growth rate.
On his first visit to India, Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg today met Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss expanding reach of internet including by using alternate technology.
After an about hour long meeting, Prasad told reporters that meeting was fruitful and Facebook has shown interest in joining Digital India program of India.
"Connecting more than a billion people with internet is not only going to improve lives of people in India but helping innovation and imagination of Indian people will help turn around the world and we are very excited in opportunities in India," Zuckerberg said.
According to sources, Facebook requested Prasad to establish single point contact in his ministry for the alternate technology to which the minister immediately agreed.
"We have dedicated some officials from my ministry to work closely with Facebook on their proposals to expand digital services in the country," Prasad said.
A ministry official said Joint Secretary Telecom and Joint Secretary IT will be single point contact for Facebook for their projects so that the modalities related to their alternate technology is expeditiously worked out.
Facebook is also in process to launch applications on utility services for which customer may not have to pay any internet charges as the company is doing in Zambia in partnership with Indian telecom major Airtel.
"Zuckerberg said that they are almost ready to launch service as they have done in Zambia with Airtel. Minister has assured them of full support," the official said.
Prasad has asked Facebook CEO to partner in National Optical Fibre Network program which aim to connect 2.5 lakh village panchayats by high speed broadband by 2017 to which Zuckerberg has agreed.
"Minister asked them to play role in retailing of broadband services once NOFN is ready. They have said that they will build business with new entrepreneurs in the country," the official said.
Facebook in India has over 100 million active users. The company recently acquired mobile messaging application WhatsApp which adds to its reach in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jony Ives copy-cat complaints about Xiaomi sound eerily familiarJony Ive and his omnipresent white background.(Reuters/Stephen Lam)
SHARE
Adam Pasick @adampasick
October 10, 2014
Apple design impressario Jony Ive is not a fan of Xiaomi , the upstart Chinese smartphone manufacturer that has been accused of copying design elements of the iPhone. Asked about Xiaomi at a Vanity Fair event last night, Ive said:
I don’t see it as flattery. When you’re doing something for the first time, you don’t know it’s gonna work, you spend 7 or 8 years working on something, and then it’s copied. I think it is really straightforward. It is theft and it is lazy. I don’t think it is ok at all.
This isn’t the first time that Ive has railed against copy-cats. In March, he told the Sunday Times :
It’s theft … what’s copied isn’t just a design, it’s thousands and thousands of hours of struggle. It’s only when you’ve achieved what you set out to do that you can say, ‘This was worth pursuing.’ It takes years of investment, years of pain.
Ive’s complaints are only the latest in a long line of Apple copy-cat claims and counter-claims that go all the way back to the first Macintosh computer, and have involved just about every prominent Apple product since. Apple has been accused of copying about as many times as it has made the accusations itself. And perhaps that’s not a surprise when one of co-founder Steve Jobs’ favorite quotes is that “good artists copy, great artists steal.” (The quote itself is often mistakenly attributed to Pablo Picasso , but the actual provenance is murky.)
Here’s a rundown of some of the most famous copy-cat accusations involving Apple:
Apple & Xerox
Steve Jobs saw the computer mouse and graphical user interface (GUI) in action at Xerox’s Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) and subsequently adopted both technologies  for the Macintosh personal computer.
Apple & Microsoft
When Bill Gates revealed Microsoft’s Windows operating system, which used a GUI like the Mac, Jobs was apoplectic. Here’s the scene from Walter Isaacson’s biography of Jobs:
Their meeting was in Jobs’s conference room, where Gates found himself surrounded by ten Apple employees who were eager to watch their boss assail him. Jobs didn’t disappoint his troops. “You’re ripping us off!” he shouted. “I trusted you, and now you’re stealing from us!” Gates just sat there coolly, looking Steve in the eye, before hurling back, in his squeaky voice, what became a classic zinger. “Well, Steve, I think there’s more than one way of looking at it. I think it’s more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it.”
Apple & Braun
A huge number of Apple products— including the original iPod and the iMac —bear a resemblance to consumer products developed by star Braun designer Dieter Rams, whom Ive has acknowledged as one of his biggest influences.
Apple & Google
When Google introduced its Android open-source smartphone operating system, Jobs considered it a blatant copy of Apple’s iOS software. “I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apple’s $40 billion in the bank, to right this wrong,” Jobs told Isaacson . “I’m going to destroy Android, because it’s a stolen product. I’m willing to go thermonuclear war on this.”
Part of the reason Jobs was so irate, according to Steven Levy’s book “In The Plex,” was that he had taken the search firm’s co-founders under his wing when Google was getting started, thinking that the two companies would never overlap. Google CEO Eric Schmidt also served on Apple’s board while the iPhone was in development.
Apple & Samsung
As part of Apple’s counterstrike against Android, the company became embroiled in a massively complex legal battle with Samsung , whose global smartphone market share eventually topped Apple’s. The patent lawsuits and countersuits, many of which are still pending, turn on such fine points of intellectual property law as whether Apple could patent “ a rectangular phone with rounded corners .”
Apple & Sony
Samsung, in legal filings, accused Apple of copying Sony when it developed the iPhone.
Apple & Xiaomi
The Chinese smartphone manufacturer has long been compared with Apple—both for its stylish approach to design and some other, more heavy-handed apparent appropriations . Xiaomi co-founder Lei Jun also has invited comparisons to Jobs for his on-stage showmanship ( and jeans and turtleneck  combos), even announcing a Jobsian “one more thing” at a recent product unveiling.
Xiaomi’s Hugo Barra (formerly of Google, where he clashed with Apple as the head Android manager) has defended Xiaomi against copy-cat claims, decrying critics who make “sensational, sweeping statements before actually seeing our products and playing with them” in an interview with The Next Web .
Lei, for his part, has vociferously denied that he is aping Jobs :
Mr. Jobs was a great man. He did brilliant things, he changed the world, and was a huge inspiration to Xiaomi. But to use him as a point of comparison for myself is completely inappropriate. Xiaomi and Apple are two totally different companies.
But if anything, Lei’s denials seem to pay tribute to none other than Jobs himself, who walked the line between homage and appropriation better than anyone. To paraphrase Picasso (even though it wasn’t really his quote): Good companies copy, great companies have “influences.”
Share this:

Govt issues notification for plying of e-rickshawsGovt issues notification for plying of e-rickshaws
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
The Centre has notified the rules for plying of e-rickshaws making driver’s licence mandatory for operating them and limiting the maximum speed to 25 km per hour.
The government notified the Central Motor Vehicles (Sixteenth Amendment) Rules, 2014, which paves the way for plying of “special purpose battery operated vehicles“.
The new rules provide that e-rickshaw will be allowed to carry four passengers and 40 kg luggage while e-carts would transport goods up to 310 kg.
The Delhi High Court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens“.
The rules define E-rickshaw as a special purpose battery operated vehicle “having three wheels and intended to provide last mile connectivity for transport of passengers for hire or reward“.
These vehicles are “constructed or adapted to carry not more than four passengers, excluding the driver, and not more than 40 kgs luggage in total; the netpower of its motor is not more than 2000 W and the maximum speed of the vehicle is not more than 25 kilometer per hour“.
For e-carts, the rules said that they should be “constructed or adapted for carrying goods by providing a separate load body or compartment with the maximum weight of 310 kg in addition to driver“.
The Centre has also made driving licences mandatory for both the battery operated vehicles.
“Every driving licence issued or renewed by a licensing authority to drive an E-rickshaw or E-cart shall be valid for a period of not more than three years from the date of issue, as the case may be, or till the validity of the driving licence, whichever is earlier,” the notification said.
The rule also included provisions for fitness certificate for the vehicles which will be periodically examined before certificates are issued.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Aban Offshore signs Rs 1 114 crore order with ONGCAban Offshore signs Rs 1,114 crore order with ONGC
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 10, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Offshore drilling firm Aban Offshore has said that it has received two firm orders worth $91.33 million (Rs 557 crore) each for the deployment of jack-up rigs for a period of three years.
The company today informed BSE that it has received Firm Order from ONGC for the deployment of jack-up rig Aban IV for a period of three years.
The total value of this order is approximately $91.33 Million (around Rs 557 crore). Contract is expected to commence during the first quarter of calendar year 2015.
The state-run company also hired jack-up rig Aban III from Aban Offshore for a period of three years. The total value of this firm order is approximately $91.33 Million (around Rs 557 crore). Contract is expected to commence during the first quarter of calendar year 2015.

Polaris demerges product business  to list as a separate entityPolaris demerges product biz, plans to list it as a separate entity
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 11, 2014 12:18 AM IST
Polaris Financial Technology has demerged its product business. The company said its services business will trade as Polaris Financial Technology, while its products business will be listed as a separate entity.
Arun Jain, chairman, Polaris Financial Technology, said the services business had been listed on Friday.
“It’s a major step in the journey of Polaris, where the services company created one of the largest intellectual product lines for retail banking, capital markets, global transaction banking and insurance space by investing over Rs 1,000 crore (Rs 100 crore per year) in 10 years,” he said.
Jain added Intellect Design Arena Limited (the products business), which has 200 banks as clients, could take care of itself in terms of investments and growth.
“Now, the next step is listing of Intellect Design Arena independently in the coming weeks,” said Jain.
S Swaminathan, chief financial officer, Polaris Financial Technology, said by next month-end, Intellect Design Arena was expected to be listed and the paid-up capital will be the same as Polaris’s, Rs 50 crore.
He said the product business in 2013-14 had clocked $90 million and was expected to grow 15 per cent in 2014-15. The services businesses, which reported flat growth in the first quarter, is expected to get on the growth path from the second quarter.
Polaris had restructured its businesses into services and products divisions for greater focus and efficiency in May 2013 and it announced the demerger in March 2014.
The board of directors of the products company will meet on Wednesday to allot one share of Intellect for one share of Polaris. “Every shareholder of Polaris Financial Technology Limited will receive one share of Intellect,” said a spokesperson of the company.
The Polaris board, taking into consideration the views of a panel comprising independent directors and an audit committee, has decided to offer an option to the shareholders of Intellect to exchange the shares allotted with fully secured non-convertible debentures (NCDs).
These NCDs shall have a face value of Rs 42, with a coupon rate of 7.75 per cent a year, redeemable at par after 90 days.
The company will file the Information Memorandum before October 24, 2014 post which the Products company, Intellect Design Arena Limited, will be listed in coming weeks.

Obamas Syria choices go from bad to worseObama’s Syria choices go from bad to worse
By Philip Stephens
The world’s most powerful leader has a blind spot about the exercise of power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c5476e0-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Subrata Roy s lawyers prepare fresh line of argumentSubrata Roy's lawyers prepare fresh line of argument for release
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 17:03 IST
Sahara Founder & Chairman Subrata Roy (Photo: Reuters)
With Sahara chief Subrata Roy's efforts to sell his two iconic overseas hotels running into the Supreme Court 's (SC) 60-day deadline for use of Tihar Jail's conference room for negotiations, his lawyers are preparing a fresh line of argument to secure his release on the grounds that he has already completed the maximum prison term of six months in the 'contempt of court' case for which he was put behind bars.
"The question to be debated is whether there is a reasonable limit for how long someone can be incarcerated under present circumstances or if the six months' limit prescribed under the Contempt of Courts Act applies", says Gopal Sankaranarayanan, senior advocate, SC.
Roy has spent more than six months in jail for his defiance to appear before SC in the matter pertaining to the issue of optionally fully convertible debentures by two Group companies. Roy's lawyers are of the view that an order of infinite imprisonment violates the fundamental rights guaranteed to a citizen under Article 21 of the Constitution. Sahara's counsel Ram Jethmalani has said, "Article 21 has been violated and no opportunity was given to Subrata Roy ."
SC lawyer Abhishek Manu Singhvi said, "Although currently I am not arguing the case, in my professional opinion, the continued incarceration may well be held to be a violation of his right to life under Article 21 and a firm ground for a curative petition."
Another SC lawyer on condition of anonymity said, "Although the Supreme Court has unlimited powers, the question is whether such extraordinary powers of the apex court can eclipse even the fundamental rights of an individual?"

Govt: Employees to register for online cours...You are here: Home > Collections
Government asks employees to register for online course on RTI
PTI Oct 10, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
CGG
(The Department of Personnel…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked employees responsible for disposing applications received under the Right to Information (RTI) Act to get themselves enrolled for its online certificate course.
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has been conducting an RTI online certificate course in English since 2009, and in Hindi and Telugu since 2012. The course is conducted through Centre for Good Governance (CGG), Hyderabad.
"The RTI online certificate course not only offers the benefit of away-from-classroom-learning, but also provides a platform for reinforcing one's learning through interacting with experts and candidates. This course is open for all the citizens and is available free of cost," the DoPT said in an order.
"It is requested that the Public Information Officers and First Appellate Authorities working in your ministry or department and public authorities under your administrative control may be encouraged to enroll for the online certificate courses on RTI," the DoPT said in the order sent to all secretaries of central government departments.
The CGG hosts two courses on RTI--a short duration course of seven days and a longer version of 15 days.
The seven days course is introductory in nature and does not have chat window or moderator facility and does not carry any certificate. However, this is treated as an eligible criterion for getting selection into the longer version 15-days course.
The 15-day course is more intensive with practical orientation of applying the RTI Act. This version of the course has the facility of discussion forum and moderation. On successful completion of the course, an e-Certificate will be issued.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fitch revises outlook on JLR from  stable  to  positiveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hema Malinis chopper mobbed at rally venue 1 injured bybladeComments
Hema, the MP from Mathura, is canvassing for party nominees in Haryana.
Chaos prevailed as a helicopter that had brought BJP MP Hema Malini for an election rally here on Friday was mobbed, leaving one person injured who was hit by a blade of the chopper.
As the helicopter carrying Hema landed at Barwala village in the district, people rushed towards it to have a glimpse of the actress from close.
In the melee, the blade of the chopper at its end hit the neck of Jagwinder Singh, a resident of Sarsod village in the district, police said.
Singh has been admitted to a private hospital and is  stated to be out of danger, they said.
However, Hema went on to address the rally where she sought support for party candidate Surinder Punia.
Earlier at a rally at Adampur, the MP had a tough time in reaching the dais as she was mobbed there also.
Hema, the MP from Mathura, is canvassing for party nominees in Haryana.
BJP is testing electoral waters in Haryana on its own this time. The party has fielded candidates on all 90 Assembly seats in Haryana, which will go to polls on October 15.

Ceasefire violations correlated with NDA coming to power: Gulam Nabi AzadPress Trust of India | Pune | Posted: October 10, 2014 5:03 pm
Describing the current spate of ceasefire violations along the international border in Jammu as the ‘longest-ever spell’ of shelling since 1947, Congress leader Gulam Nabi Azad on Friday said the development was correlated with Narendra Modi-led NDA coming to power.
“There is a correlation between these ceasefire violations and the Modi-led NDA coming to power,” the former union minister said at a press conference here.
Prime Minister Modi on Thursday asked the opposition leaders not to politicise the issue.
Azad alleged that it was Modi who had politicised it in the 2014 Lok Sabha election campaign by claiming that the UPA government had failed to secure the country’s borders.
“As many as eight persons were killed and 93 injured in the current firing leading to displacement of about 35,000 people in three districts of Jammu,” Azad said.
To Modi’s statement that the army had retaliated strongly, Azad said, “The army belongs to the nation and it had retaliated to provocations during the UPA rule also. The Indian army belongs to the entire nation and not to the BJP and we are proud of our brave soldiers.”
The Congress leader said Modi should have visited Jammu to learn about the plight of local people instead of campaigning in Maharashtra for assembly elections.
Azad said for the first time since 1971 the mortar shells of such a big size were being used on the international border. He alleged that Modi was indulging in “appeasement” of Pakistan and China with red carpet welcome of their heads of the state, without pointedly taking up the issues of border skirmishes and infiltrations with them.
To a question, Azad said while there was “collective leadership” in Congress, in BJP it was Modi’s “one man show”.
He evaded a reply when asked if Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi was still being seen as “a vote catcher” for the October 15 assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Cong cannot be banished from Maharashtra: Rahul GandhiCong cannot be banished from Maharashtra: Rahul Gandhi
Mark Zuckerberg meets Union Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar PrasadMark Zuckerberg meets Union Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad
JBM Auto: Updates on outcome of board meetingOct 10, 2014, 05.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JBM Auto: Updates on outcome of board meeting
JBM Auto has submitted a copy of the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JBM Auto: Updates on outcome of board meeting
JBM Auto has submitted a copy of the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
JBM Auto Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Bangalore Police asked to ensure Mallya s presence in courtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sonia Gandhi felicitates Nobel Peace Prize winner Satyarthi MalalaPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:21 pm | Updated: October 13, 2014 6:50 pm
Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Friday congratulated child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi and girls education rights activist from Pakistan Malala Yousafzai on being chosen for the Nobel Peace Prize as the party read a symbolism in the decision noting “conflict resolution and not conflict escalation” should be the norm.
Expressing happiness over it, she said the awards have brought “glory to the entire South Asia” and extended her good wishes to Malala Yusufzai.
Congratulating Satyarthi, Gandhi said it is a “moment of immense pride” for the nation and that the Nobel prize to Satyarthi was a “rightfully deserved recognition of his tremendous contribution.
At the party briefing, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the joint Nobel peace prize to two civilians–one from India and the other from Pakistan– ironically coming at a time of firing from Pakistan side into the Indian territory has its own symbolism and it should not be lost on any one.
“It sends  a clear message that conflict resolution must be the norm…conflict escalatation by whichever country has to be deprecated,” he said.

No violation of model code: EC on Modis radioaddressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:10 pm
The Election Commission on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s October 3 radio broadcast did not violate the Model Code of Conduct.
In a brief order, the EC told AICC’s Legal Cell Secretary K C Mittal that “the Commission did not find anything in the broadcast matter which constituted violation of Model Code of Conduct.”
The Model Code came into force on September 12 for the October 15 assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Hurriyat calls for resumption of dialogueprocessHurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq said the 'instability and distrust between the two countries cannot be addressed until Kashmir issue is resolved.' (Source: Reuters photo/file)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:04 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:08 pm
Moderate Hurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Friday called upon the leadership of India and Pakistan to observe restraint and resume the stalled dialogue process for resolution of all issues including Kashmir.
“The leadership of India and Pakistan need to observe restraint on borders and Line of Control as common people have borne the brunt of hostilities between the two countries,” Mirwaiz said in a statement here.
Mirwaiz said the need of the hour was that “India and Pakistan restart the stalled dialogue process and involve the leadership of Kashmir also in order to find an amicable solution to the Kashmir dispute.”
Mirwaiz expressed regret over the loss of life and property on the both sides of Line of Control.
Describing the Kashmir issue as the major cause of tension between the two nuclear armed neighbours, the Hurriyat chairman said the “instability and mistrust between the two countries cannot be addressed untill this issue is resolved.”

Nobel Peace Prize 2014: Twitterati congratulate Kailash Satyrathi and MalalaYousafzaiSatyarthi and Yousafzai were picked for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people, and for the right of all children to education, the Norwegian Nobel Committee said. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:10 pm
As Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai and Indian child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi won the Nobel Peace Prize 2014 on Friday, social media remained abuzz with congratulations.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Satyarthi and Malala. “Shri Kailash Satyarthi has devoted his life to a cause that is extremely relevant to entire humankind. I salute his determined efforts.Malala Yousafzai’s life is a journey of immense grit and courage. I congratulate her on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize”, he tweeted.
Congratulations to Shri Kailash Satyarthi on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The entire nation is proud of his momentous achievement.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Shri Kailash Satyarthi has devoted his life to a cause that is extremely relevant to entire humankind. I salute his determined efforts.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Malala Yousafzai’s life is a journey of immense grit & courage. I congratulate her on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Here are other reactions on Twitter :
Many congratulations to Shri Kailash Satyarthi 4 #NobelPeacePrize .A moment of great pride 4 India & a befitting appreciation of his work.
— Ravi Shankar Prasad (@rsprasad) October 10, 2014
 
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) October 10, 2014
 
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) October 10, 2014
 
— Rahul Bose (@RahulBose1) October 10, 2014
 
— Dharmendra Pradhan (@dpradhanbjp) October 10, 2014
 
Many congratulations to Kailash Satyarthi & Malala Yousafzai for winning the #NobelPeacePrize . Now, let’s give peace a chance.
— Prithviraj Chavan (@prithvrj) October 10, 2014
 
Life feels good when good things happen to good people. Heartiest congratulations to Mr Kailash Satyarthi & Malala. #NobelPeacePrize .

No violation of model code: EC on Modi s radio addressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:10 pm
The Election Commission on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s October 3 radio broadcast did not violate the Model Code of Conduct.
In a brief order, the EC told AICC’s Legal Cell Secretary K C Mittal that “the Commission did not find anything in the broadcast matter which constituted violation of Model Code of Conduct.”
The Model Code came into force on September 12 for the October 15 assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Business schools are on a hiring spreeBusiness schools are on a hiring spree
By Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney October 10, 2014: 8:15 AM ET
Professor Saravanan Kesavan teaches a class to MBA students at UNC's Kenan-Flagler Business School in Chapel Hill, N.C.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Business schools are trying to solve their own problem of supply and demand: finding enough professors.
Schools are on a hiring spree. There were 15,000 more business professors in 2013 than in 2008, according to the most recent U.S. Labor Department data. That's a 22% increase in faculty nationwide since the financial crisis.
This is particularly interesting after an economic downturn. Despite many businesses and workers taking a hit, students are still eager to study marketing, finance and entrepreneurship.
Business schools are catering to today's students by creating more specialized degree programs, driving demand for professors with specific skill sets.
New York University's Stern School of Business started a Masters in Risk Management in 2009 because of the financial crisis, a spokesperson said.
The University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler Business School began its online MBA program in 2011. Cornell University opened a tech-focused MBA in Google's New York City headquarters this year.
Related: The 15 top MBA employers
Even after the 15,000 faculty gain, the "we're hiring" sign is still up at many business schools.
"The number of these programs, the complexity of those programs — all of that is creating tremendous demand for faculty," said Robert Swieringa, former dean and current accounting professor at the Johnson School of Management at Cornell University. He added: "That's happening all over the country."
Cornell's full-time faculty on its flagship campus has increased 10% since 2008, Swieringa says.
Adjunct faculty rise: The biggest jump in faculty at business schools is for adjunct professors, who only teach one or two classes. While the share of full, associate and assistant professors has stayed flat or declined since 2008, adjuncts are taking a larger chunk of the employment pie, according to data from the business school accreditor AACSB.
UNC's Kenan-Flagler School is a good example of the trend. Its adjunct faculty has grown by half its size from five years ago, estimates Jennifer Conrad, the school's senior associate dean.
"Business schools are experimenting to see what people might be interested in," Conrad said.
Related: Colleges with the highest-paid grads
Business educators react to the changes on Wall Street, in Silicon Valley and in factories around the world. Many of these professors also work as consultants to banks, investment firms and other finance groups.
"We expect our business school faculty also to be active consultants, to be engaging with companies," Swieringa says. "There's a closer relationship between academe and Wall Street today."
Applications to business school are turning around too. The majority of full-time, two-year MBA programs in the U.S. reported declines in applications in 2011. But this year most programs said applications picked up, according to an annual survey by Graduate Management Admission Council, which administers the standardized test for business school applicants known as the GMAT.
One business specialization gaining popularity: entrepreneurship . The number of professors teaching entrepreneurial business classes at accredited schools has grown substantially since 2000, according to AACSB.
"The specialized Masters [programs] are growing," said Joe Mondello, who manages the survey data for AACSB. "There's certainly more demand for more faculty."
First Published: October 10, 2014: 7:12 AM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1s2mWfAFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week
Stocks are mixed -- practically scrambled, even -- as investors look to cap a rollercoaster week that has brought a huge exodus from stocks.
Post to Facebook
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week Stocks are mixed -- practically scrambled, even -- as investors look to cap a rollercoaster week that has brought a huge exodus from stocks. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xxygCl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
133
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 6:16 p.m. EDT October 10, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Wilshire Associates stock market
The past three weeks have turned into a violent tug of war between the bulls and the bears, and for now it looks like the bears have the edge.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  If you're feeling queasy right now it's understandable considering the
00:03  recent stomach wrenching gyrations on Wall Street. Hi I'm David Craig
00:07  and this is America's markets. The past three weeks entry into
00:15  violent Tug of war between the bulls and the bears for
00:17  now it looks like the bears have via its triple digit
00:20  moves in the dollar commonplace. And suddenly the bull market with
00:23  team so healthy that September. Looks like it could be in
00:26  trouble when you expect at that time of year when big
00:29  think change is sometimes happen it was almost exactly seven years
00:32  ago on October 9 2007. The last bull market ended and
00:36  started seventeen month long walk from the slaughterhouse that are raised
00:40  eleven point two trillion dollars in stock. But much more positive
00:43  turn of events took place twelve hours ago on October 9
00:46  2002. That they have the stock market pulled out of a
00:49  brutal bear market but it wiped out eight point five trillion
00:52  in wealth the recent rough patch could turn out to be
00:54  a heck of a pause that refreshes. It's been three years
00:58  -- stocks are pretty even 10% drop. And a lot of
01:01  people think a moderate pullback could actually be healthy what's at
01:04  stake if this turns out to be something longer more serious
01:06  Wilshire Associates says this former created more than sixteen trillion stock
01:10  profits and the slope. And six trillion of that -- since
01:13  the last pick in 2007 so bear market for causes anywhere
01:17  near as much damage in dollar terms the last two times
01:19  around. We'll put US stock investors right back to where they
01:22  were at the top of the last bull market. And that
01:25  would be tough --
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
878 CONNECT 279 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 133 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks ended a bloody, turbulent week with a broad-based slump Friday, sending the tech-heavy Nasdaq to its worst weekly losses in 30 months and eviscerating what remained of the Dow Jones industrial average's 2014 gains.
The Dow, down 335 points Thursday in its worst single session performance of the year, fell another 115.15 points to 16,544.10, falling below January's 16,576.66 open. The Standard & Poor's 500 dropped 22.08 points, (1%) to finish at 1906.13, falling below a key 1925 support level after Thursday's 2% slide.
Nasdaq stocks suffered far worse, tumbling 102.10 points, 2.3%, to end at 4276.24, a four-month low. With Thursday's 2% rout, the Nasdaq ended with its worst weekly performance since May 2012 and first consecutive, two-day slide of at least 2% since 2011. An early sell-off in semiconductor stocks started Friday's rout. Among big losers: Fairchild Semiconductor, off 15%, Microchip Technology, down 12%, Micron Technology, off 9%, and Intel, down 5%.
But the carnage was broad based. The small stock Russell 2000  dropped 1.3% to 1,054, a 52-week closing low.
Trading appeared calm following three straight days of 200-plus point swings in Dow, although a key measure of market volatility and fear guage, the CBOE's VIX, hit a 52-week high. Economic gloom continues to  pervade global markets, especially in Europe, where Germany's DAX 30 plummeted 2.4%, France's CAC 40 lost 1.6% and Britain's FTSE 100 fell 1.4%.
"There are definitely some headwinds on the market right now and they're coming out of Europe," said Erik Davidson, deputy chief investment officer of Wells Fargo Private Bank.
But slowdowns don't necessarily mean bear markets, says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management.
"The sell-off is being fueled by fears that the global economy is slowing down. Europe is barely growing, and China has slowed down considerably," says Skrainka.
Suki Mann, a strategist at UBS, also cautions not to blow global growth fears out of proportion.
"It doesn't really take a rocket-scientist to work out we have huge challenges ahead as the global economy creaks," Suki told clients in a report. "Right now, however, we're not at the worst point last seen in 2008 or early 2009. And we're unlikely, in the very near-term, to get there. We certainly don't see economic cliff-risk."
Skrainka adds: "The market was overdue for a correction. Not every correction develops into a bear market. Every economic slowdown is not a recession. Look for opportunities and maintain a long-term perspective."
Asian markets fell sharply and oil prices plunged on the heels of Wall Street's dramatic decline in the prior session.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index tanked 1.2% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 1.9%. China's Shanghai Composite dropped 0.6%.
THURSDAY: Dow off 335, biggest drop in more than a year
Benchmark U.S. crude oil prices tumbled over 3% on concerns over slowing global growth. Brent crude prices used to benchmark international oil prices also declined.
Despite the roller coaster ride this week, it is still too early to call a bottom, says Robert Sluymer, analyst at RBC Capital Markets.
"The market is oversold but still weak," says Sluymer. "Unfortunately, there is insufficient technical evidence to identify when and at what level equity indexes will bottom. Short-term indicators are suitably oversold to support a rally attempt but, so far, rebounds have been weak, with leadership in defensive rather than cyclical themes."
"It's premature to call a turn," he adds. "In theory, seasonal tailwinds should develop in the coming weeks but, at this point, there is insufficient technical evidence to make that call."
Contributing: John Waggoner, Kim Hjelmgaard, Matt Krantz and Ed Brackett.
11 stocks crushing it on earnings http://t.co/zT2hPBfAuX (Photo: Rhythm & Hues/Universal Pictures/Marvel Studios) pic.twitter.com/5kq01rErn0
878 CONNECT 279 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 133 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xxygCl
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1vTvSVfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week
Stocks are mixed -- practically scrambled, even -- as investors look to cap a rollercoaster week that has brought a huge exodus from stocks.
Post to Facebook
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week Stocks are mixed -- practically scrambled, even -- as investors look to cap a rollercoaster week that has brought a huge exodus from stocks. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xxygCl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
133
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow down for the year as sell-off caps wild week
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 6:16 p.m. EDT October 10, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Wilshire Associates stock market
The past three weeks have turned into a violent tug of war between the bulls and the bears, and for now it looks like the bears have the edge.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  If you're feeling queasy right now it's understandable considering the
00:03  recent stomach wrenching gyrations on Wall Street. Hi I'm David Craig
00:07  and this is America's markets. The past three weeks entry into
00:15  violent Tug of war between the bulls and the bears for
00:17  now it looks like the bears have via its triple digit
00:20  moves in the dollar commonplace. And suddenly the bull market with
00:23  team so healthy that September. Looks like it could be in
00:26  trouble when you expect at that time of year when big
00:29  think change is sometimes happen it was almost exactly seven years
00:32  ago on October 9 2007. The last bull market ended and
00:36  started seventeen month long walk from the slaughterhouse that are raised
00:40  eleven point two trillion dollars in stock. But much more positive
00:43  turn of events took place twelve hours ago on October 9
00:46  2002. That they have the stock market pulled out of a
00:49  brutal bear market but it wiped out eight point five trillion
00:52  in wealth the recent rough patch could turn out to be
00:54  a heck of a pause that refreshes. It's been three years
00:58  -- stocks are pretty even 10% drop. And a lot of
01:01  people think a moderate pullback could actually be healthy what's at
01:04  stake if this turns out to be something longer more serious
01:06  Wilshire Associates says this former created more than sixteen trillion stock
01:10  profits and the slope. And six trillion of that -- since
01:13  the last pick in 2007 so bear market for causes anywhere
01:17  near as much damage in dollar terms the last two times
01:19  around. We'll put US stock investors right back to where they
01:22  were at the top of the last bull market. And that
01:25  would be tough --
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
878 CONNECT 279 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 133 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks ended a bloody, turbulent week with a broad-based slump Friday, sending the tech-heavy Nasdaq to its worst weekly losses in 30 months and eviscerating what remained of the Dow Jones industrial average's 2014 gains.
The Dow, down 335 points Thursday in its worst single session performance of the year, fell another 115.15 points to 16,544.10, falling below January's 16,576.66 open. The Standard & Poor's 500 dropped 22.08 points, (1%) to finish at 1906.13, falling below a key 1925 support level after Thursday's 2% slide.
Nasdaq stocks suffered far worse, tumbling 102.10 points, 2.3%, to end at 4276.24, a four-month low. With Thursday's 2% rout, the Nasdaq ended with its worst weekly performance since May 2012 and first consecutive, two-day slide of at least 2% since 2011. An early sell-off in semiconductor stocks started Friday's rout. Among big losers: Fairchild Semiconductor, off 15%, Microchip Technology, down 12%, Micron Technology, off 9%, and Intel, down 5%.
But the carnage was broad based. The small stock Russell 2000  dropped 1.3% to 1,054, a 52-week closing low.
Trading appeared calm following three straight days of 200-plus point swings in Dow, although a key measure of market volatility and fear guage, the CBOE's VIX, hit a 52-week high. Economic gloom continues to  pervade global markets, especially in Europe, where Germany's DAX 30 plummeted 2.4%, France's CAC 40 lost 1.6% and Britain's FTSE 100 fell 1.4%.
"There are definitely some headwinds on the market right now and they're coming out of Europe," said Erik Davidson, deputy chief investment officer of Wells Fargo Private Bank.
But slowdowns don't necessarily mean bear markets, says Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management.
"The sell-off is being fueled by fears that the global economy is slowing down. Europe is barely growing, and China has slowed down considerably," says Skrainka.
Suki Mann, a strategist at UBS, also cautions not to blow global growth fears out of proportion.
"It doesn't really take a rocket-scientist to work out we have huge challenges ahead as the global economy creaks," Suki told clients in a report. "Right now, however, we're not at the worst point last seen in 2008 or early 2009. And we're unlikely, in the very near-term, to get there. We certainly don't see economic cliff-risk."
Skrainka adds: "The market was overdue for a correction. Not every correction develops into a bear market. Every economic slowdown is not a recession. Look for opportunities and maintain a long-term perspective."
Asian markets fell sharply and oil prices plunged on the heels of Wall Street's dramatic decline in the prior session.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index tanked 1.2% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 1.9%. China's Shanghai Composite dropped 0.6%.
THURSDAY: Dow off 335, biggest drop in more than a year
Benchmark U.S. crude oil prices tumbled over 3% on concerns over slowing global growth. Brent crude prices used to benchmark international oil prices also declined.
Despite the roller coaster ride this week, it is still too early to call a bottom, says Robert Sluymer, analyst at RBC Capital Markets.
"The market is oversold but still weak," says Sluymer. "Unfortunately, there is insufficient technical evidence to identify when and at what level equity indexes will bottom. Short-term indicators are suitably oversold to support a rally attempt but, so far, rebounds have been weak, with leadership in defensive rather than cyclical themes."
"It's premature to call a turn," he adds. "In theory, seasonal tailwinds should develop in the coming weeks but, at this point, there is insufficient technical evidence to make that call."
Contributing: John Waggoner, Kim Hjelmgaard, Matt Krantz and Ed Brackett.
11 stocks crushing it on earnings http://t.co/zT2hPBfAuX (Photo: Rhythm & Hues/Universal Pictures/Marvel Studios) pic.twitter.com/5kq01rErn0
878 CONNECT 279 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 133 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xxygCl
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Diamond Power Q2 net up 29% to Rs 40.3 cr on sales growthOct 10, 2014, 06.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Diamond Power Q2 net up 29% to Rs 40.3 cr on sales growth
Net sales jumped 34.5 percent to Rs 895.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 665.8 crore in same quarter last year driven by power cables, transformer, conductors and towers businesses.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Diamond Power Q2 net up 29% to Rs 40.3 cr on sales growth
Net sales jumped 34.5 percent to Rs 895.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 665.8 crore in same quarter last year driven by power cables, transformer, conductors and towers businesses.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Diamond Power Infrastructure , the manufacturer of power transmission equipment and turnkey services provider (EPC), has reported a 29.2 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) net profit at Rs 40.3 crore led by higher revenue growth, lower raw material cost and other expenditures but impacted by higher depreciation and tax expenses. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 31.2 crore.
Net sales jumped 34.5 percent to Rs 895.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 665.8 crore in same quarter last year driven by power cables, transformer, conductors and towers businesses.
Raw material cost declined to Rs 595.5 crore from Rs 720.4 crore while depreciation jumped to Rs 15.7 crore from Rs 6.8 crore. Interest cost climbed to Rs 29.26 crore from Rs 26.7 crore and tax expenses increased to Rs 10.62 crore from Rs 8 crore on year-on-year basis.
RELATED NEWS

VTM: Board meeting on Oct 27  2014Oct 10, 2014, 05.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VTM: Board meeting on Oct 27, 2014
VTM has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 27, 2014, to transact the following: 1. To consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ending September 30, 2014. 2. To record Circular Resolutions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VTM: Board meeting on Oct 27, 2014
VTM has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 27, 2014, to transact the following: 1. To consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ending September 30, 2014. 2. To record Circular Resolutions.
Post your opinion here
 
VTM Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 27, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following:1. To consider and take on record the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ending September 30, 2014.2. To record Circular Resolutions.3. To record the circular resolutions of the Share Transfer Demat and Shareholder’s Grievances Committee.4. To peruse and sign the register maintained under Section 301 of the Companies Act 1956.5. To record compliance of statutory requirements.Further, in terms of code of conduct as per SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations 1992, the trading period for dealing in Company’s Scrip closes from October 15, 2014 to October 28, 2014 (commencing from 5 days prior to the date of Board meeting or date of circulation of Agenda whichever is longer, and ending with the next day of the Board Meeting by which time the details / results are made public).Source : BSE

Perspective on dollar strengthperspective on dollar strength
Sonia felicitates Satyarthi  MalalaSonia felicitates Satyarthi  Malala
Industrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4%Industrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4%
ISL will make football No.1 sport in India: FriedrichISL will make football No.1 sport in India: Friedrich
Rupee down 30 paise at 61.35 Vs dollarRupee down 30 paise at 61.35 Vs dollar
See long-term growth at 15-18%; EBIT at 25-38%: InfosysSee long-term growth at 15-18%; EBIT at 25-38%: Infosys
Cairn India announces lower production in fiscal second quarterCairn India announces lower production in fiscal second quarter
Oil falls to lowest since 2010 as OPEC ups suppliesOil falls to lowest since 2010 as OPEC ups supplies
Nadella faces online uproar with his foot-in-mouth commentNadella faces online uproar with his foot-in-mouth comment
BS Web Team |  Oct 10, 2014 02:14 PM IST
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella on Thursday caused an uproar when at the Grace Hopper Conference's Celebration of Women in Computing he said that women should depend on 'good karma’ instead of asking for a raise.
 
According to media reports, Nadella while addressing the crowd at the conference had said, "It’s not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along."
 
"That's good karma. It will come back," Nadella added. "That's the kind of person that I want to trust, that I want to give more responsibility to."
Not surprisingly, his statement came in for widespread criticism leading the CEO to retract his statement and issue the following apology:
 
Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias #GHC14
— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) October 9, 2014
Disparity in pay packages within the tech industry is an issue that has been debated for a very long time. Tech companies, in general, hire fewer women and typically pay them less than their male counterparts. Given that context, such a remark passed by the CEO of one of the biggest tech companies in the world has come as rude shock for many.
 
Nadella’s statement, understandably, received widespread condemnation. Here is a look at a few comments on micro blogging website Twitter:
@satyanadella "not asking for a raise is good karma. It will come around at some time" - so don't agree... And so does @MariaKlawe #GHC14
— Ingrid Bernaudin (@IngridBernaudin) October 9, 2014
Lots of murmurs in the crowd as @satyanadella says that if you don't ask for a raise, you'll eventually get fair pay #ghc14
— Lauren Schaefer (@Lauren_Schaefer) October 9, 2014
Nadella (Microsoft CEO): women shouldn't ask for raises, should trust that the system will compensate appropriately in the end #ghc14
— Rebecca Bish (@Becky_ABC) October 9, 2014
@satyanadella how about take gender out of the equation PERIOD! people should be judged on work only! Doing it any other way is sexist

Emerging economies more vulnerable to shocks: IMFeconomy, business and finance
The Global Financial Stability Report released by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) here on Wednesday warns that the risk of shocks emerging from advanced economies hitting emerging economies, including India, has doubled since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008, triggering a global financial crisis.
Portfolio investments
The report finds that the share of portfolio investments from advanced economies in the total debt and equity investments in emerging markets has doubled in the past decade to 12 per cent. The heightened risk is on account of these rapidly rising financial market linkages through which shocks can get transferred swiftly.
The finding has implications for Indian policy-makers as foreign portfolio investments in the debt and equity markets have been on the rise.
The phenomenon is also flagged as a threat that could compromise global financial stability in a chain reaction, in the event of geopolitical flare-ups or a less-than-orderly unwinding of the U.S. easy-liquidity monetary policy.
Reserve Bank Governor and former IMF Chief Economist Raghuram Rajan has also warned of the vulnerability of the global economy and emerging market economies such as India to the U.S. Fed’s imminent reversal of its “Quantitative Easing” (QE) policy by which it kept interest rates at near-zero levels to spur domestic demand and kick-start the U.S. economy. This resulted in a flow of dollar investments into emerging markets such as India.
With the U.S. economy on the recovery path, the Fed has initiated a reversal of the easy monetary policy.
QE easing
Mirroring Dr. Rajan’s views, the IMF report warns that how the U.S. Fed will conduct this reversal, the timing of the unwinding and the manner in which it will communicate the normalisation process, besides chances of escalation of geopolitical developments going forward, will determine global financial stability.
Market sentiment has been resilient, but the Fed will have to conduct the normalisation process in a manner that is in line with their economy’s levels of jobs.
At the same time, it must also be mindful of the repercussions of the QE unwinding on the rest of the world, Financial Counsellor and Director of IMF’s Monetary and Capital Markets Division said at a press conference at the release of the report here on Wednesday.

HTC launches RE action camera  HTC Desire EYE with two 13-MP clickersPrint
The RE is a new product category for HTC
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:50 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:34 pm
Don’t be surprised if HTC starts calling itself a camera company. Following up on the success of its One M8 and Desire 816 phones which are considered by many as the best smartphone cameras around, the company from Taiwan has announced a small handheld camera called the RE with a 16MP CMOS sensor and a new HTC Desire EYE smartphone with 13MP front and rear cameras.
The RE is a new product category for HTC with the small smoking pipe-like camera coming with the ability to record Full HD (1080p) videos with time lapse and slow motion. The camera will have 146 degree wide-angle lens and will comperte with the like of the GoPro Hero 4 which has just hit the market. The camera will come with a remote viewfinder app so that you can control it from a smart device. The RE is priced $199 in the US.
The HTC Desire EYE on the other hand pushes smartphone photography to a whole new level by giving similar cameras in the front and the rear for the same time. The camera will be a huge plus for the selfie culture that is engulfing smartphone users all over the world. With BSI sensors the cameras on the phone will be good for low-light photos.
The waterproof phone will have a 5.2-inch Full HD display and will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor.
The company also announced that it is taking the EYE experience with Split Capture and Face Tracking to its HTC One M8 in the near future in the form of a software upgrade. Other top-end phones will get the update gradually.
The devices will be coming to India soon and local prices will be announced then.
 

Corruption and the courtsUpdated: October 9, 2014 01:43 IST
Corruption and the courts
corruption & bribery
If there is a larger message in the Karnataka High Court’s refusal to grant bail to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, it is that the judiciary will treat corruption among public servants with greater seriousness than ever before. In normal circumstances, an appeal against a four-year prison term by a person who is not expected to flee from justice may have been admitted as a matter of course and the sentence suspended without much ado. However, in the light of Supreme Court decisions describing corruption as a violation of human rights that leads to “systematic economic crimes”, and a “serious malady undermining the very health of the polity”, the High Court has chosen to place corruption cases on a different footing altogether. It cites a ruling that says a convicted public servant should be deemed to be corrupt until exonerated by the appellate court. And it also says suspension of sentence should not be an automatic event, but a relief that should be granted only if adequate grounds exist. The grant of post-conviction bail, undoubtedly, is not the same as one given in the pre-trial stage, when there is a presumption of innocence. In addition, early disposal of the appeal may be offered as an alternative to interim relief. It is in this backdrop that Justice A.V. Chandrashekara has chosen to overrule the Special Public Prosecutor’s stand that conditional bail may be granted to Ms. Jayalalithaa and others, and hold that there were no grounds for granting any relief. It is indeed a major setback for Ms. Jayalalithaa, who will have to move the Supreme Court for immediate relief.
In terms of corruption jurisprudence, the judge’s order is in tune with the spirit of a series of Supreme Court verdicts. In recent times, the apex court has removed the protection from immediate disqualification enjoyed by convicted legislators, fixed a time-limit for grant of sanction for prosecution of public servants, directed early completion of trials involving lawmakers and struck down discriminatory provisions that required government clearance for investigating cases involving bureaucrats above a certain rank. The High Court has also shown itself to be immune to the political clamour for Ms. Jayalalithaa’s release in Tamil Nadu. Workers and supporters of the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam had their reasons for publicly demonstrating loyalty to and sympathy for Ms. Jayalalithaa, but incidents of violence and protests that inconvenience the general populace will do nothing at all to help her legal battle, and, instead, could hurt her politically in the long run. Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam, who made an earnest appeal for calm, should ensure that the limits of democratic protest are observed and law and order is maintained.

Islamic State seizes large areas of Syrian town despite air strikesPrint
Turkish soldiers in a a tank hold their position on a hilltop at the Turkey-Syria border, overlooking smoke rising from a strike in Kobani, Syria, during fighting between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group, on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Reuters | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:52 pm
Islamic State fighters seized more than a third of the Syrian border town of Kobani, a monitoring group said on Thursday, as U.S.-led air strikes failed to halt their advance and Turkish forces nearby looked on without intervening.
With Washington ruling out a ground operation in Syria, Turkey described as unrealistic any expectation that it would conduct a cross-border operation unilaterally to relieve the mainly Kurdish town.
The U.S. military said Kurdish forces appeared to be holding out in the town that lies within sight of Turkish territory, following fresh airstrikes in the area against a militant training camp and fighters.
However, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Islamic State, which is still widely known by its former acronym of ISIS, had pushed forward on Thursday.
“ISIS control more than a third of Kobani – all eastern areas, a small part of the northeast and an area in the southeast,” said Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Observatory which monitors the Syrian civil war.
Smoke from a fire rises following a strike in Kobani, Syria, during fighting between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group. (Source: AP photo)
The commander of Kobani’s heavily outgunned Kurdish defenders confirmed that the militants had made major gains in a three-week battle that has also led to the worst streets clashes in years between police and Kurdish protesters across the frontier in southeast Turkey.
Militia chief Esmat al-Sheikh put the area controlled by Islamic State, which has already seized large amounts of territory in Syria and neighbouring Iraq, at about a quarter of the town. “The clashes are ongoing – street battles,” he told Reuters by telephone from the town.
Explosions rocked the town throughout Thursday, with black smoke visible from the Turkish border a few kilometres (miles) away. Islamic State hoisted its black flag in Kobani overnight and a stray projectile landed 3 km (2 miles) inside Turkey.
The United Nations says only a few hundred inhabitants remain in Kobani but the town’s defenders say the battle will end in a massacre if Islamic State prevails, giving it a strategic garrison on the Turkish border.
They complain that the United States is giving only token support through the air strikes, while Turkish tanks sent to the frontier are looking on continued…

Former Cubs pitcher Ted Lilly lists Lakeview home for $2.1 millionFormer Cubs pitcher Ted Lilly lists Lakeview home for $2.1 million
Former Chicago Cubs pitcher Ted Lilly
Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune
Former Chicago Cubs pitcher Ted Lilly as he is pulled from a game against the L.A. Angels at Wrigley Field in 2010.
Former Chicago Cubs pitcher Ted Lilly as he is pulled from a game against the L.A. Angels at Wrigley Field in 2010. (Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune)
8
The Cubs traded Lilly to the Los Angeles Dodgers in July 2010, and shortly afterward, he listed the mansion for $2.4 million. He later cut his asking price to $2.1 million, then to just under $2 million and then to $1.85 million before taking it off the market in July 2011.  Since that time, Lilly has rented out the home.
Caption Cubs analyst Todd Hollandsworth sold his mansion in Inverness for $1.49 million.
Chris Walker
Cubs pregame, postgame analyst Todd Hollandsworth sold his five-bedroom, 7,012-square-foot mansion in Inverness for $1.49 million.
Cubs pregame, postgame analyst Todd Hollandsworth sold his five-bedroom, 7,012-square-foot mansion in Inverness for $1.49 million. (Chris Walker)
Caption Theurer-Wrigley mansion in Lincoln Park back on the market for $8.695M
Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune
Noted attorney Ted Tetzlaff lists nine-bedroom, 15,000-square-foot Theurer-Wrigley mansion in Lincoln Park for $8.695 million.
Noted attorney Ted Tetzlaff lists nine-bedroom, 15,000-square-foot Theurer-Wrigley mansion in Lincoln Park for $8.695 million. (Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Former Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brian Campbell sells Lincoln Park mansion for $2.8 million.
Scott Strazzante, Chicago Tribune
Former Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brian Campbell sold his five-bedroom Lincoln Park mansion for $2.8 million.
Former Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brian Campbell sold his five-bedroom Lincoln Park mansion for $2.8 million. (Scott Strazzante, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Former home of former Chicago Blackhawks head coach Trent Yawney has been listed for $899,000
Andy Marlin
A home once owned by former Chicago Blackhawks defenseman and head coach Trent Yawney has been listed for $899,000
A home once owned by former Chicago Blackhawks defenseman and head coach Trent Yawney has been listed for $899,000 (Andy Marlin)
Caption Jonathan Toews signs a deal for his three-bedroom Lakeshore East condo unit on the market for $2.25M
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews has signed a deal to sell his $2.3 M three-bedroom Lakeshore East condominium unit to an unidentified buyer after it was on the market for less than five days.
Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews has signed a deal to sell his $2.3 M three-bedroom Lakeshore East condominium unit to an unidentified buyer after it was on the market for less than five days. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)

Amazon.com to open first store0
Amazon plans to open its first full-fledged store across from the Empire State Building, at 7 West 34th Street, the Journal reported. The area, which is also near Macy's flagship store, is one of the city's most heavily trafficked zones.
The site will double as a mini-warehouse to support same-day delivery, returns and order pickups within New York, the Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The store, which is expected to open in time for the holiday shopping season, may also display Amazon's proprietary products, such as its Kindle line of e-readers and tablets, Fire smartphones and video-streaming boxes. If the store takes off, Amazon may expand to other cities, the Journal reported.
Amazon declined to comment on the Journal's report.
A store would mark a significant move for an online retailer that has capitalized on its Internet business model and the cost-savings of doing away with a vast physical network.
In recent years however, Chief Executive Jeff Bezos has led a number of initiatives that have mandated a physical presence in cities: lockers that temporarily hold customer purchases, for example, and a rapid expansion of grocery and same-day delivery that has often meant maintaining some sort of local distribution center.
The company has also on occasion set up pop-up stores in malls, though those have been rare.
 
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bangalore and Edwin Chan in San Francisco; Editing by Maju Samuel and Leslie Adler)
 

U.S. airlines posting later arrival timesU.S. airlines posting later arrival times
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
A passenger checks departures at O'Hare airport.
A passenger checks departures at O'Hare airport. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
Air Transportation Industry American Airlines US Airways U.S. Department of Transportation Virgin Group
Chicago airports rank at the bottom for departure rates
Domestic airlines in August were tardier than last year, and carriers with a big presence in the Chicago region ranked below average, according to new numbers released Thursday from the U.S. Department of Transportation.
And, as usual in recent months, Chicago's O’Hare and Midway airports had lousy on-time departure rates among 29 large airports, ranking at the very bottom for August.
0
The nation’s largest airlines posted an on-time arrival rate of 77.7 percent in August, down from the 78.8 percent on-time rate in August 2013. However, the rate was up from the 75.6 percent mark in July of this year. On time is considered to be within 15 minutes of scheduled arrival.
The best on-time arrival rates were posted by Hawaiian Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Virgin America. The worst were Envoy Air (formerly American Eagle Airlines), American Airlines (not counting merger partner US Airways) and ExpressJet Airlines.
Among airlines dominant in the Chicago region, United Airlines had an on-time arrival rate of 76.8 percent nationwide, while Southwest was 75.8 percent and American was 73.2 percent. Southwest changed its schedule starting in August in an attempt to improve its on-time rate, which has been especially poor over the past year. While executives said recently there had been marked improvement since the change, it didn’t yet show up in the August report from DOT. Southwest still ranked 10th of 12 airlines.
Many customers were not pleased in August, filing more than 1,600 complaints about airline service, up 21.9 percent over last year. However, the number of complaints was down 3.1 percent from July.
Carriers canceled 1.2 percent of their scheduled domestic flights in August, up from the 1 percent last year.

Ebola thrives in absence of weapons to contain itEbola thrives in absence of weapons to contain it
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b66cd10e-279a-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More drug war anal probes  this time in Oak Ridge  TennesseeBy Radley Balko October 9 Follow @radleybalko
Last year we learned of three incidents in New Mexico in which motorists pulled over for moving violations were subjected to forced anal cavity searches, x-rays and even colonoscopies because police suspected they were hiding drugs in their bodies.   I pointed out in January that the practice has also been used in Texas, Illinois, Florida and Kansas.
It looks like Oak Ridge, Tenn., has been doing it, too.
An Oak Ridge man who says he was forced in June 2011 to submit to a digital rectal exam for suspected drugs — and no drugs were found — has filed a lawsuit in Anderson County Circuit Court.
Wesley Antwan Gulley’s legal action contends his constitutional rights were violated and he was subjected to false arrest and imprisonment, assault and battery and medical battery.
The lawsuit alleges Gulley was in shackles and reluctantly consented to the exam, but only after Dr. Michael A. LaPaglia ordered an injectable sedative and threatened to use it “in performing the digital rectal exam …”
The defendants used coercion and “undue influence” to force Gulley’s consent, and police officers didn’t have a warrant, it continues.
Gulley was stopped in Oak Ridge for an alleged traffic violation on June 3, 2011, and told he was being arrested for drugs, according to the lawsuit. He was 19 at the time, records show.
A drug-sniffing dog alerted on a $20 bill found on the driver’s seat of the vehicle, and Gulley underwent an extensive pat-down search.
He was then taken to Methodist Medical Center of Oak Ridge for the exam, the lawsuit states.
Three Oak Ridge police officers and two nurses were in the hospital room at Methodist Medical Center of Oak Ridge at the time of the exam, according to the complaint.
Nothing was found and Gulley was never charged with any drug-related crime, the lawsuit states. A resisting arrest charge filed against Gulley was later dismissed by the state, the lawsuit states.
This is actually the second time a forcible anal probe has been challenged in a Tennessee courtroom.  In 2011 , the same doctor and the same police department performed a similar procedure on a man, also after a traffic stop.
Felix Booker’s defense attorney is hoping a jury hearing about the most controversial warrantless body cavity search in local law enforcement history will do what a federal judge would not — toss out a charge the 21-year-old Booker intended to sell the 5.7 grams of crack hidden in his rectum.
Booker was a passenger in a car stopped by Oak Ridge Police Officer Daniel Steakley last February. Steakley found a scant amount of marijuana in the car. He testified Tuesday that he let the driver, a relative of Booker’s, go because he was “cooperative.” But he arrested Booker, who objected to the search and had $1,731 in cash in his pocket.
After his arrest, officers contended he was unusually fidgety and temporarily “barricaded” himself in an interview room. Booker struggled with jailers after a strip search at the Anderson County Jail and, according to Jailer Jerry Shelton, was strapped naked into a “safety chair” before being hauled, still naked but wrapped in a blanket, to the Methodist Medical Center emergency room.
Once there, the shackled and handcuffed Booker was given a dose of a muscle relaxant after LaPaglia insisted Booker “clenched” his buttocks to thwart a cavity search.
“He still had enough voluntary consciousness to clench his muscles,” LaPaglia testified. “I decided to paralyze the patient and retrieve the object.”
Booker was injected with drugs to render him unconscious and paralyzed. A breathing tube was placed down his throat because he could no longer breathe on his own.
So because a passenger in a car refused a search and was carrying a large amount of cash, the authorities drugged him, attempted to probe him anally, drugged him again until he was unconscious, then probed his anus. That search was upheld, probably because the police actually did find cocaine in Booker’s body. A federal jury then convicted him. That conviction was later overturned by the 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals, which found that such a procedure “shocks the conscience.”
Well, yes. Yes it does. Unfortunately, in the time it took a federal appeals court to figure that out, Oak Ridge police probed Gulley, not to mention any other motorists who have yet to come forward. The good news is that a federal judge ruled last month that neither LaPaglia nor the officers involved in Booker’s case are protected by qualified immunity , so Booker’s lawsuit can go forward. The bad news is that if Booker and Gulley win, the officers’ share of the damages (and possibly LaPaglia’s) will be paid by Tennessee taxpayers.
The two cases also illustrate why it’s important to be intolerant of constitutional violations even when they reveal evidence of guilt. Even if you support the drug war, and believe that anally penetrating drug smugglers is an appropriate tactic in waging it*, until the act is completed, there’s the matter of distinguishing the actual drug smugglers from innocent people who happen to fit how your average cop thinks smugglers might look, talk or behave. Or because a drug dog was “alerted” to a $20 bill .
(*Just as an aside here, what is wrong with you?)
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

4 Simple Tips to Improve Social Media Marketing ResultsSocial media advertising can be an expensive and come with varying levels of results. Yet, we've all seen those ads online that manage to capture attention, wrangle clicks and pique interests.
Here are a few practical tips to increase the success of social media advertising campaigns.
1. Pick a main goal for the campaign first: More blog page views? App downloads? Email sign-ups? New followers/fans?
Although this tip may sound like a no-brainer, my point is that the goal should be determined first - before the content is created or projections are made.
This goal should shape what you say and how you say it - especially the call to action. It will determine where all your links take viewers and what they'll see when they get there. And, it will definitely determine keywords used and what platforms are chosen.
2. Use "real," custom photos instead of stock images. Even better - use customer photos when possible.
BarkBox has mastered this practice. The subscription box company that mails out dog treats and toys every month runs eye-catching Facebook ads (see below). They use actual customer photos  illustrating happy dogs with their boxes.
This is genius because even though the photos might be grainy or blurry, you can tell they're real photos taken by real pet owners. There's a certain trustworthiness to the images that resonates in social spaces where bland, uninspired images tend to dominate.
3. Include several variations of ads and see what happens. Base the success of the ads on past ad performance or use averages for the platform.
Create several ad options, evaluate during the campaign, then cut dead weight.
It's important to experiment with ads - especially on social media. You never know what combination of images and messaging will strike the right chord with viewers.
Then determine which ads are performing well and which ones are flopping, delete, re-asses and build something new. It's important to remain flexible and willing to change things up.
4. Try non-traditional advertising like posting ads on niche blogs or offering sponsored posts.
The blogosphere is alive and well, and businesses can harness the power of tight-knit interest groups online. Depending on the blog's audience and popularity, blog ads can range in price -  from $20 and up per month per ad. Be sure to ask for a blog's media kit to ensure your ideal audience is being reached.
Or, skip the ads and offer a giveaway or a sponsored post instead. Blogs are in constant need of content and giving away free stuff can never hurt.
Sponsored posts are written in the voice of the blogger - which ads authenticity clearly - and clearly promote a brand or product. They are guaranteed to be less expensive than print advertorials or native advertising. It's just another option to add into the social media advertising mix.
Overall, if you're constantly asking yourself, "If I saw this ad in my social feed, would I be interested/click/sign-up?" then your social ads are heading in the right direction.
For more social media tips and advice, visit my business blog: www.beasocialclimber.com/blog .
Follow Lisa Parkin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LisaMParkin
More:

Does Carmen Segarra Explain Too Big to Jailreddit
Nobody openly supports unequal justice.
When the Attorney General confided to Congress that some banks were too "large" to prosecute because it might cause systemic tremors, he was appropriately pilloried for declaring a "too big to jail" policy.
A recent disquieting episode sheds light on some of the interactions between government regulators and the banks they oversee. This episode refines our understanding of regulatory capture (at least at one bank). The "Carmen Segarra" incident shows us more about how the regulators think, how they approach errant bankers, and how far the regulators may be from adopting the obvious solution of breaking up these too-big-to-jail banks.
Spoiler alert: They are far.
Carmen Segarra spent seven months beginning in October 2011 as a senior bank examiner at the New York Federal Reserve Bank. The New York Fed is one of the front-line supervisors of the big Wall Street banks. It counts among of the regulators that the Justice Department might consult before prosecutors decide whether to seek full penalties, or to pull a punch if advised that a criminal conviction of a bank could endanger the economy,
Segarra took this job after positions at Citigroup, Societe General, and MBNA, and after schooling herself at Harvard, Columbia and Cornell. The NY Fed assigned her to help oversee Goldman Sachs. While there, she uncovered serious problems. In a chain of events, when she brought these problems to her supervisors, they fired her.
In 2013, Segarra sued the New York Fed and several of her supervisors. She outlined episodes where her bosses blocked her efforts to ask tough questions or promote better policies at Goldman Sachs. For example, Goldman worked for El Paso Corp as an advisor as it bid for Kinder Morgan, Inc. Advisors help buyers secure the lowest price and best conditions. But Goldman also owned some $3 billion worth of Kinder, and a Goldman banker held a sizable personal stake in Kinder. Sellers want the highest price when they sell. Segarra questioned Goldman's conflict-of-interest policy. But her bosses demanded that she tone down her memorandum on the issue.
Her allegations from 2013 received some public attention at the time. Regulatory capture -- where crooks control the cops -- is a festering problem in bank supervision.
This September, Segarra went a step further when she released audio tapes The very Goldman and New York Fed staff described in her lawsuit can be heard saying what she alleges. The "tone it down" conversation with her boss allows the listener to verify her charge. You are there. As Michael Lewis observed, these tapes could become the Ray Rice moment for bank regulators. (Rice is a Baltimore Raven football player guilty of domestic violence. That episode had been known for months, but when the tape was released, the NFL increased its sanctions on the player.)
The Segarra audio tapes emphasize the servility of regulators. In one exchange, Segarra's boss' boss -- Michael Silva -- raises a glaring problem with a Goldman executive with the indirection and timidity of a mail room clerk searching for a delicate way to tell CEO he'd spilled coffee on his shirt. (Silva now works for GE Capital, another example of the revolving door problem behind regulatory capture.) Pulitzer winner Jake Bernstein of ProPublica shepparded Segarra's tapes, of which there are 46 hours, into the public domain. As he summarizes, the tapes demonstrate the extraordinary deference of the regulators to the banks. Of note, it is legal under New York and federal law to make tapes.
It may be unrealistic to expect Hollywood histrionics from our bank regulators, but the Segarra tapes reveal that some senior bank regulators can't even utter a clear criticism to a banker.
If Segarra was told to tone down her criticisms, if her bosses won't confront bankers, if these same regulators leave government to work for mega-banks, we might realistically expect them to tell prosecutors in a timid way that a serious criminal charge is unwise for the financial system.
How can regulatory capture be addressed? Legislating spine may difficult.
One step would be greater transparency. Presumably, officials at the New York Fed are thinking more seriously about their capture problem following Segarra's lawsuit and the release of the audio tapes. If these regulators knew in advance that discussions would be made public, particularly in the case where they consult with the Justice Department about a pending prosecution, they might be less beholden to the mega-banks. Transparency might serve as a prophylactic against capture. Public Citizen believes that criminal cases with too-big-to-jail banks deserve this kind of transparency.
Congress should hold hearings on the Segarra case. Helpfully, several leading members have called for hearings, including Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass), Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), and Reps. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.), Keith Ellison (D-Minn), Al Green (D-Texas). If and when they do, Public Citizen believes that solutions including transparency should be accorded a full discussion.
Follow Bartlett Naylor on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@BartNaylor
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Microsoft CEO Apologizes for Comments on WomenKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Online retailer Amazon set to open a physical store: Wall Street JournalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Escorts Implements VRS; 350 Employees Leave CompanyYou are here: Home Corporates
Escorts Implements VRS; 350 Employees Leave Company
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 21:20 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Farm equipment major Escorts Ltd on Thruway announced implementation of a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
"With an operational focus on improving business performance, Escorts Ltd has successfully implemented group-wide future-oriented VRS, aimed particularly at restructuring Escorts Auto Products," the company said in a statement.
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results. The exercise was closed within 30 days, it added.
"This largest-ever VRS at Escorts was availed by 350 employees and will enable greater efficiencies and productivity due to rationalisation of deployment," the company said.
"Our VRS offer was part of an overall group-wide strategic initiative to make Escorts leaner and smarter organisation. Through this, we have sought to become even more focused on productivity and improve our organisational efficiencies," Escorts executive vice president (HR and ER) Ishan Mehta said.
Escorts Auto Products CEO Dipankar Ghosh said the firm embarked on programmes that focused on 'lean' management and consolidation of manufacturing facilities to create more profitable production methods.
The company has also engaged with chosen prospective partners for technology infusion to tap into larger opportunities available within the auto sector, he added.
"I am sure these initiatives will enable EAP to target higher market share by offering its high-end products to domestic as well as international markets," Mr Ghosh said.
Escorts Auto Products is among the leading manufacturers of auto suspension products, including shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks.
Shares in Escorts, on Thursday, ended at Rs 161.60 apiece on the BSE, up 6.11 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 18:23 (IST)

Snapdeal s Kunal Bahl  Micromax s Rahul Sharma in Fortune s  40 under 40  powerful people listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Global Stocks Sink After Wall Street PlungeKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Panel set up to probe Gujarat snoopgate scrapped by state HCGujarat HC scraps panel set up to probe snoopgate
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, October 10, 2014
First Published: 15:23 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:25 IST(10/10/2014)
The Gujarat high court has scrapped an inquiry commission set up by the state government to inquire into allegations of illegal surveillance on a woman architect, reportedly ordered in 2009 by Amit Shah, now the BJP president.
Advertisement
The high court passed the order quashing the commission based on the petition of the woman's father, who contended that he had requested the state government to provide safety to his daughter.
In run-up to the parliamentary polls this year, news portals Gulail and Cobrapost had released taped telephonic conversations, purportedly between Shah - the junior home minister of Gujarat in 2009 - and IPS officer GL Singhal.
Shah could be heard telling Singhal to mount surveillance on the woman as his "saheb" wanted her movements tracked.
The revelations had forced the then Narendra Modi government in Gujarat to set up the inquiry commission headed by former high court judge Sugnya Bhatt.
Along with the woman, IAS officer Pradip Sharma, who was recently arrested in a graft case, was allegedly also snooped upon by the anti-terrorist squad (ATS) of the Gujarat police.
.

DGCA grounds three planes of GoAir  Air India  pvt operatorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Punjab National Bank cuts deposit rates 25 bps  but effects hike in short term onesPunjab National Bank cuts deposit rates 25 bps, but effects hike in short term ones
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Published:  Oct 10 2014, 13:41  IST
Oct 10 2014, 13:41  IST
 

Xiaomi to no longer be sold out in seconds: ...Flipkart
(Within his tenure, not only…)
Exactly one year ago, Hugo Barra joined Xiaomi as Vice President for International markets. Within his tenure, not only did Hugo launch a number of new products in various categories form Xiaomi, but also expanded the business into various emerging markets including India. ET's Karan Bajaj sat down with Hugo to understand more about how they plan to meet the demand in India, upcoming launches, warranty, after sales network and what he thinks of Jony Ivy's comment.
Considering that Xiaomi has to set a production schedule months in advance to meet the demand, what steps are you taking to meet the demand in India?
Hugo. We got in a lot of trouble because our schedule production for India was nowhere close to what we are now doing. We did not prepare ourselves from the forecast perspective for the kind of growth we have seen here in India. For Redmi 1s we actually had to take volume away from all the other markets including China to be able to meet demand in India. We were unable to meet the demand for Mi 3 as the production line is almost fully shut down to focus on Mi 4. For Redmi 1s we knew that we had to sell 1,00,000 devices a week, that was out target and that's where we are now. 1 lakh devices a week is what clears demand. So now that we have the quantity, we will not be selling out in seconds anymore, but maybe in hours.
That's what happened on Flipkart's Big Billion day on 6th October. Redmi 1s was available for several hours on the portal. Is that a sign of how things would be in the coming weeks?
Hugo: The 6th was a very unique day. I would not draw conclusion from the 6th as being representative of what's going to happen going forward. 8 am Monday morning after a 4-day weekend, when everybody was getting back, it was a crazy day. There were so many deals and so much going on. All the devices and various other products sold for low prices and it wasn't the regularly organized flash sale. People who bought the Redmi 1s this week were not the originally planned Redmi 1s buyers. They were people who showed up, saw the Redmi 1s on the home page and then they bought it.
We will see how next week goes. Next week is not going to sell out in seconds, I assure you. We have already announced 1,00,00 units will be available and it could be that it takes few hours to sell out. We think we have got ourselves in a comfortable place to meet the demand where we no longer will be causing that stampede.
Will there be any more Mi 3 available for India?
Hugo: No, we are done with the Mi 3. We always keep a few thousand units as a precaution for replacements. However, once we are sure that we don't need that stock for replacement anymore, we may do something to what we did on the 6th October for customers who did not get the Mi 3 even after 5 attempts.
When will the Redmi Note launch in India?
Hugo: A date is not decided yet. Hopefully we will have devices ready to sell in the next two months. One reason for this delay is logistics - getting 1 lakh devices a week out of our factory into India is not the easiest thing in the world. For the big billion day we had to charter planes to get the stock delivered in India. Theses are things we have never done; we never had to charter a plane. The second thing is that I really want to have the software build ready for India.
  December was announced as when the Mi 4 would be launched in India. With the Redmi Note launching in December, will the Mi 4 launch in India be delayed?
Hugo: We don't have a date for Mi 4 yet. I am going to stick with what I said earlier which is still the plan -launch it late December 2014 or early January 2015. I don't think the Redmi Note would conflict with MI 4 even if we launch them together. We never launch devices at the same time because we like to be focused. I wouldn't have two devices in the same category available at the same time because it creates customer confusion. Largely we would like to have one device per family available at a time - like the Redmi and MI 3 available at the time.
Are there any alternate revenue models that you are trying in India other than phone and accessories sale?
Hugo: We are considering a lot of different ideas for India. Ecosystem monetization here is a significant challenge. I don't think you can point out many successful stories of huge monetization in India. It would be a combination of a lot of different things. We have a few different ideas. For e.g. we have a theme store and we will soon start offering paid themes on it.
What about preloading third party apps on the phone?
Hugo: I would never preload an app solely because a developer is offering us money. I would only preload an app if I believe that its an app that the user is going to download anyways or if its such significant benefit to a user that we think that people who discover it will become users and stick to it.
What about your own online ecommerce store in India?

BJP to tweak MGNREGS: Will this make it more productiveOct 10, 2014, 04.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BJP to tweak MGNREGS: Will this make it more productive?
As part of its stated move towards making the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) more productive, the central government is likely to tweak the wage-to-material ratio from 60:40 to 51:49.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BJP to tweak MGNREGS: Will this make it more productive?
As part of its stated move towards making the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) more productive, the central government is likely to tweak the wage-to-material ratio from 60:40 to 51:49.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As part of its stated move towards making the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) more productive, the central government is likely to tweak the wage-to-material ratio from 60:40 to 51:49.
This was learned by some Right to Information activists after they filed a query regarding the same, according to a report in the Times of India .
The move, however, can turn out to be politically-sensitive as it would reduce funds available for wages under MGNREGS, which provides minimum 100 days of employment to crores of jobless rural individuals who are employed as unskilled laborers for various construction works.
The brainchild of the erstwhile Congress government, the Rs 33,000-crore scheme (as per FY14) had been criticized by the BJP as being ineffective and wasteful and had said it would, after coming to power, look to make the scheme more productive by making it more asset-oriented.
According to RTI documents obtained by the activists, rural development minister had over-ruled objections from senior ministry officials and prevailed upon them to reduce the wages component. No such announcement, however, has formally come through.
Activists, though, are up in arms against the proposal and say the reduction in wages would lead to a 40 percent fall in jobs and affect five crore rural households.
Interestingly, other media reports have pointed out that even under the current 60:40 ratio, many states have been unable to utilize the components part of the funds.
For instance, Madhya Pradesh has exhausted only 25 percent of the funds made available to it on materials this financial year, according to a report in The Hindu .
Gadkari would thus have to ensure that if the ratio is tweaked, states are egged on to utilize the extra funds made available for assets.
There has also been speculation that the centre may look to tweak the scheme to focus it more on backward areas. This, say some activists, may inhibit the promise of the scheme’s universal employment.
Such a move may also backfire as some states such as Tamil Nadu, which are economically better off, have reported higher productivity levels in the MGNREGS than other backward states such as Chattisgarh.
Another interesting aspect that may come out of a result to tweak the material-to-wages ratio is that the scheme has to offer employment to anyone who demands one.
As a result, if wages as a percentage are reduced from the overall outlay, it may require increasing the total allocation to the scheme itself.
RELATED NEWS

I m a star campaigner: Ambala Cantt BJP candidate on leaders not campaigning for him1
0
Ambala Cantt: Star campaigners are seen as adding colour to the poll campaign of political parties during election season. Even though Assembly elections are more about the presence of the local leaders, many parties have been relying on their star campaigners, especially the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Like the Lok Sabha elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been the face of the BJP in Assembly elections too. He has visited many areas like Karnal, Faridabad and Hisar.
However, Ambala Cantt has been untouched by BJP star campaigners.
Like the Lok Sabha polls, PM Modi has been the face of the BJP in Assembly elections too.
#ground report #haryana assembly elections 2014 #ambala cantt #narendra modi
Ambala Cantt BJP MLA Anil Viz, who has been doing it all for himself, campaigning from 8 am to even 12 midnight on days, says he on his own is a star campaigner. "I'm myself a star campaigner," said Viz on being asked about the absence of the BJP's big names from Ambala Cantt.
While star campaigners like Hema Malini have visited the Ambala City constituency, questions are being raised on why no big leader has been seen in Ambala Cantt. "There have been no differences in the party. I am being able to manage things here on my own," Viz said.
However, locals do believe that if Modi visits Ambala Cantt, it will help the BJP get an upper hand.
3

These hackers are developing apps to stop the spread of Ebola in West AfricaTap image to zoom
(Virginia Bioinformatics Institute)
The rapid spread of Ebola in West Africa has blindsided foreign governments and international aid organizations since its outbreak six months ago. One group of university researchers and hackers at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in the US think they may have an answer to help stem the outbreak.
The Network Dynamics and Simulation Science Laboratory at the university’s Virginia Bioinformatics Institute is holding a hackathon this week, “The Computing for Ebola Challenge.”
This isn’t your typical hackathon with pie-in-the-sky ideas that rarely see the light of day. It has brought together at least 80 programmers from inside and outside the university to scramble through highly sophisticated synthetic data sets provided by the US Department of Defense (DOD). The data offers hackers a virtual representation of Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea—the countries with the highest number of Ebola cases—including population and mapping data.
The goal is to create tangible, easy-to-use web apps for residents in these countries to use in emergency response situations.
One that’s already in the works, explains doctoral student Caitlin Rivers, is a mobile app where a user who feels he is suffering from Ebola symptoms could send a text to a public health agency to report themselves sick. In turn, the agency would send a specially outfitted vehicle-free of charge-to safely transport the individual to a hospital or critical care center, as to not spread infection.
“We wanted to leverage our skill sets to do more than just give money online,” Rivers told Quartz. “Whether that be analyses of epidemiological data or developing user platforms that are easy to use but effective, we knew we had the technology and resources to do something meaningful.”
For now, the ideas float on a webpage where hackers crowdsource their ideas. However, the team could unveil apps within two to three weeks after the hackathon ends, says Dr. Madhav Marathe, director of the laboratory and head of the project.
For Marathe, who has spent the better part of his career developing models to fight infectious diseases around the world, the size and scope of Ebola is “monumental” and requires an equally unique response to stop its further spread. The challenge is the only hackathon in the world solely dedicated to fighting the disease.
“Our goal is to help those there on the ground, albeit in a bit part, who are fighting this epidemic every day,” Marathe tells Quartz. “The work we’re doing will help coordinate NGOs, medical personnel and residents.”
Share this:

RIL to invest $16 billion in petchem expansionRIL to invest $16 billion in petchem expansion
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 04:08 PM IST
Reliance Industries will invest about $16 billion in expanding petrochemical production capacity and lower feed and fuel costs to boost profits.
RIL, according to a report by Barclays Equity Research, is investing $4.6 billion in an integrated gasification combined cycle (IGCC) project that will convert captive petrocoke to synthetic gas (syngas) which can be used to generate power, steam and hydrogen, which currently are being produced using expensive imported LNG.
Refinery off-gas from this unit will be used to extract petrochemical compounds like ethane, ethylene, propylene, butanes and propanes at a $4.5 billion Refinery off-gas cracker (ROGC). Another $5 billion is being spend on expanding polyester production capacity.
The firm will spend another $1.5 billion to import ethane from US to replace higher cost propane imports and naphtha, it said.
The projects will be completed by FY18.
"Reliance is in the midst of a $16 billion capex plan to raise polyester capacity by some 60 per cent in aggregate across four locations, to set up a new 1.5 million tonnes refinery off-gas based petrochemical cracker and downstream units in Jamnagar, enhance refining profitability via petcoke gasification and to reduce feedstock costs for petrochem by importing cheap US ethane," it said.
Barclays said the projects will help add an estimated $1.2 billion to pre-tax profit and Rs 14 per share to earnings per share (EPS) by FY18.
"Overall, we expect the new projects and higher gas prices to double Reliance's earnings and return on capital employed (ROCE) in FY16-21," it said.
The IGCC will allow RIL to generate syngas from captive and bought petcoke. This syngas will generate power, steam and hydrogen and be used as fuel for the refinery allowing it to replace LNG and internal refinery off-gases which will be fed to a new $4.5 billion petchem unit (ROGC).
"With LNG prices at $13.5 per million British thermal unit, replacing 7.5 million standard cubic meters per day of imports would save $1.3 billion.
"In addition, the transfer of the 10.5 mmscmd of refinery off-gases, at say $10 per mmBtu, would allow the refining segment to earn an additional $1.6 billion," the report said.
Barclays said the refinery would, however, now need to find new sources for the energy for its internal uses.
"Our understanding of the process balance of the petcoke plant, refinery and the new cracker suggests that 75 per cent of the internal use (power, steam, fuel, hydrogen) could come from the IGCC while the rest, primarily fuel and hydrogen, could come from co-products and lean gas residual stream of the new petrochemical cracker," it added.

Oil falls to lowest since 2010 as OPEC ups s...Oil falls to lowest since 2010 as Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ups supplies
By Reuters | 10 Oct, 2014, 05.31PM IST
0
Share More
Hot commodities: Brent crude near 4-year low
Hot commodities: Brent crude near 4-year low
Brent crude for November delivery was down 77 cents at $89.28 a barrel by 1040 GMT, after falling earlier to $88.11 - its lowest since December 2010.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude oil fell to its lowest since 2010 on Friday, dropping below $90 a barrel as Saudi Arabia said it upped production last month, increasing speculation of an OPEC price war.
Fast-rising oil output in North America and tepid economic growth had raised expectations the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will cut output when it meets in November to stem a near 25 per cent price slide since June.
But on Friday Saudi Arabia said it had raised its oil production by 100,000 barrels per day (bpd) in September, raising doubts the world's top exporter will be prepared to take unilateral action.
"It's panic mode. Panic and capitulation. We are now in uncharted territory," said Carsten Fritsch, commodities analyst at Commerzbank.
"The rout will probably continue until OPEC says enough is enough."
Brent crude for November delivery was down 77 cents at $89.28 a barrel by 1040 GMT, after falling earlier to $88.11 - its lowest since December 2010.
US November crude dropped $1.30 to $84.47 a barrel. The contract, also known as West Texas Intermediate (WTI), hit a session low of $83.59, its lowest since July 2012.
Oil output has also risen in OPEC members Iraq and Libya , the group said in its monthly oil market report on Friday, despite violence and instability in both countries. Total OPEC output grew by 400,000 bpd to 30.47 million bpd.
Combined with subpar economic data from Europe and Asia, that has pushed Brent more than $25 lower since hitting a year high of $115.71 in June. Brent is on track to record the third straight week of losses.
Global shares fell to a six-month trough as concern about a recession in Germany was compounded early on Friday as sources in the ruling coalition said Europe's largest economy would cut its growth forecasts for 2014 and 2015 next week.
China, the world's second-largest oil consumer, is also seeing signs of a slowdown. Data due next week is forecast to show that softer domestic demand probably slowed growth in China's imports, investment and retail sales to multi-month or multi-year lows in September.
Cuts to Iran's official selling prices for its crude raised more doubts about the group's willingness to curtail supply in an effort to stabilise prices. Fritsch called the Iranian price cut "a devastating signal", and analysts said other producers could follow suit.
"They're all fighting for market share through the official selling prices," said Olivier Jakob, managing director of PetroMatrix. "They're really not showing any signs, and Saudi Arabia has not shown any signs, that they will cut production."
Any action is unlikely before OPEC's Nov. 27 meeting. On Thursday, the main reference price for OPEC crude oil exports fell to its lowest since 2010, tracking the slump in global oil benchmarks.
The relentless decline in oil prices prompted investment bank Barclays to slash its average fourth-quarter forecast for Brent to $93 a barrel from $106 previously. It also cut its estimate for WTI to $85 from $98.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Govt launches National Mental Health PolicyGovt launches National Mental Health Policy
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
The first ever National Mental Health Policy was launched on Friday in an attempt to provide universal psychiatry care to the population, 20 per cent of which are likely to suffer some form of mental illness by 2020.
The policy, unveiled by Health Minister Harsh Vardhan, seeks to include mental treatment at primary health care at a time when India is estimated to have only about 3,500 psychiatrists and over 50 per cent of the mentally ill have no access to health care.
“We want a nation that upholds the human rights of mental patients,” Vardhan said, adding mental health care would find articulation in the evolving National Health Policy and National Health Assurance Mission (NHAM).
As part of the Ministry’s efforts to boost mental health care, many hospitals dedicated to curing mental illness would be upgraded to Bangalore-based National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences, the country’s foremost such institute.
Vardhan also called for de-criminalising attempt to suicide, which is presently a crime, saying people often having mental trouble attempt to take the extreme step and need human care not prosecution.
A recent WHO report had said that India sees largest numbers of suicides globally and in the 15-29 years age group, it has the highest suicide rate.
The Centre will allocate funds to all hospitals in the country to enable them to open departments for treating patients in need of psychological and psychiatric health care and help those which want to upgrade their mental health care facilities.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

DBS sees RBI holding rates till MarchDBS sees RBI holding rates till March
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is unlikely to cut the interest rates this fiscal as the retail inflation trajectory may be distorted by base effects over the next six months, says a research report.
“Assuming the present CPI targets are maintained, we expect the status quo on the rates to extend through March 2015 and perhaps significantly further into the year,” Singapore brokerage DBS said in a report today.
The Reserve Bank has set a glide path for consumer price index or retail inflation at 8 per cent for January 2015 and 6 per cent for January 2016.
The report sees the retail inflation in September easing to 7 per cent from 7.8 per cent in August.
Inflation readings are expected to soften further in October and November, reaching 6 per cent, with core inflation already slipping to fresh lows, it said, adding “falling inflation is encouraging but part of this is due to base effects”.
Due to last year’s exchange rate volatility and high vegetable prices such effects imply considerable volatility between October this year and March 2015.
“The initial downswing will take inflation to 6 per cent by November, with downside risks, owing to moderation in fruits and vegetables prices. However, fading base effects thereafter will take headline inflation back to 8 per cent by March 2015,” DBS said.
The magnitude of rebound in retail inflation would also be influenced by the filtered-through impact on food prices from uneven southwest monsoon and an unexpected jump in global commodity prices, the report said.
The report further said there is also some scope that the RBI’s on-hold stance is maintained through the first half of next fiscal with rate cuts likely in the second half subject to its inflation outlook and the direction of the US interest rates, which are likely to climb steeply from April next.
American brokerage Bank of America Merrill Lynch had earlier this week said it expected RBI to lower rates by 75 basis points in 2015, beginning February, as it sees inflation peaking at 8 per cent in January 2015 and 6 per cent in January 2016.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Aban Offshore shares spurt over 9% after orders from ONGCAban Offshore shares spurt over 9% after orders from ONGC
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 10:  
Shares of Aban Offshore soared over 9 per cent on Friday after the company said it has secured two orders worth Rs 1,114 crore from ONGC.
The company’s scrip surged 9.43 per cent to settle at Rs 621.50 on the BSE. During the day, it climbed 14.62 per cent to Rs 651.
At the NSE, the stock rose by 9.15 per cent to end at Rs 621.20.
Following the rally in the stock, the company’s market value surged Rs 450.93 crore to Rs 3,533.93 crore.
Aban Offshore in a filing to the BSE said it has secured an order from ONGC for the deployment of jack-up rig Aban IV for a period of 3 years.
The total value of this firm order is approximately $ 91.33 Million (equivalent to Rs 557 crore). Contract is expected to commence during the first quarter of calendar year 2015, it said.
Firm Order from ONGC for the deployment of jack-up rig Aban III for a period of 3 years.
The total value of this firm order is approximately $ 91.33 million (equivalent to Rs 557 crore). Contract is expected to commence during the first quarter of calendar year 2015, the filing added.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Infosys can regain industry-leader positionInfosys can regain industry-leader position, says CEO Vishal Sikka
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 19:09 IST
Vishal Sikka, CEO, Infosys (Photo: Reuters)
Leveraging next generation technologies like artificial intelligence, software services major Infosys is confident of returning to industry-leading growth and regaining its position as the bellwether of the over $100 billion Indian IT industry.
Vishal Sikka , who took over as CEO of the Bangalore-based firm in August, has been tasked with putting the firm back on the growth trajectory at par with peers like TCS and HCL Technologies.
"Infosys was founded on this notion, the dream, an idea of a next generation services company with a global delivery model and of pioneering things. We believe we can get back to that consistent profitable growth as well as achieve great growth and once again becoming a bellwether of the IT industry," Sikka said.
He added that he looked forward to leading an Infosys that can grow significantly and achieve great profitability.
In the last 70 days since assuming office, Sikka has been engaging actively with partners, customers and employees.
"We, at Infosys, see a tremendous opportunity in this world that we are emerging into. We have to ourselves deal with this duality of on one hand, renewing our existing services and on the other hand, complementing that with new kind of services," he said.
The former SAP board member said the company wants to up the ante on innovation in area of big data, automation, analytics, artificial intelligence etc.
He added that the gap between Infosys and its rivals will not be bridged with practices of the past like merely lowering costs and faster hiring but rather with massive embrace of automation and innovation.
Asked when the company expected to perform at par with industry rate, Sikka said he would stick to the three-year journey that Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy had spoken about.
The nature of the business is such that there is an inherent latency in the adoption and in being able to see the results, he added.
Sikka said Infosys' long-term target was to grow in the 15-18 per cent range, while meaningful revival in the business would be visible within the next two years.
Buoyed by a strong set of numbers, Infosys shares rose by 6.68 per cent to settle at Rs 3,888.95 apiece on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
For entire 2014-15 fiscal, the country's second-largest software services firm maintained its revenues guidance of 7-9 per cent growth.
In dollar terms, the NYSE-listed firm's net profits grew 33.4 per cent to $511 million in second quarter of this fiscal from $383 million in the year-ago period.
Revenues rose by 6.5 per cent to $2.2 billion in Q2, from $2.07 billion in the year-ago period.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results," Sikka said.
He added that the company's strategy is to apply the same principles to its own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate growth.
"We have been able to improve our margins during the quarter and feel confident of sustaining these within a narrow band," Bansal said.
Infosys and its subsidiaries added 49 clients during the quarter.
The company made a gross addition of 14,255 employees (net addition of 4,127) in Q2, taking its total headcount to 1,65,411 as of September 30, 2014.
The company's attrition level was higher at 20.1 per cent during the quarter, compared to 19.5 per cent in the April- June period.

Hurriyat calls for resumption of dialogue processHurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq said the 'instability and distrust between the two countries cannot be addressed until Kashmir issue is resolved.' (Source: Reuters photo/file)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:04 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:08 pm
Moderate Hurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Friday called upon the leadership of India and Pakistan to observe restraint and resume the stalled dialogue process for resolution of all issues including Kashmir.
“The leadership of India and Pakistan need to observe restraint on borders and Line of Control as common people have borne the brunt of hostilities between the two countries,” Mirwaiz said in a statement here.
Mirwaiz said the need of the hour was that “India and Pakistan restart the stalled dialogue process and involve the leadership of Kashmir also in order to find an amicable solution to the Kashmir dispute.”
Mirwaiz expressed regret over the loss of life and property on the both sides of Line of Control.
Describing the Kashmir issue as the major cause of tension between the two nuclear armed neighbours, the Hurriyat chairman said the “instability and mistrust between the two countries cannot be addressed untill this issue is resolved.”

Omar Abdullah orders prefabricated structures for homeless Kashmir flood victimsOct 10, 2014 at 05:56pm IST
Omar Abdullah orders prefabricated structures for homeless Kashmir flood victims
13
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday directed the state administration to procure prefabricated structures to provide shelter ahead of the onset of winter to those rendered houseless by the recent floods.
"Let it be 500 prefab structures in the first phase," he said.
"You should take a call on this aspect right now and move forward urgently to procure prefab structures," the chief minister told Kashmir divisional commissioner Rohit Kansal at a high-level meeting on Friday morning while being briefed by various departments regarding the progress on rehabilitation of flood-hit families.
Omar Abdullah to procure prefabricated structures to provide shelter ahead of the onset of winter to those rendered houseless.
#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #omar abdullah
The chief minister said all arrangements should be finalized to provide temporary shelters and warm clothing to the affected families residing in tents and other temporary camps.
He also directed the state housing department to give permission speedily to the people who want to rebuild their collapsed houses.
The divisional commissioner informed the meeting that Rs 15 crore interim relief has been distributed so far to the families whose houses have been totally destroyed.
The chief minister asked officials to finalize the list of people whose crops have been damaged 50 per cent or have failed due to the floods.
The chief minister asked his principal secretary, B.B. Vyas, to take up the issue of billing and restoring the cell phone services with the BSNL and other telecom companies.
"I myself will write to the union telecommunications minister in this regard", he said.
He also asked the state power development department not to bill consumers for the period electricity remained cut off because of the floods.
"You cannot bill the people for the period they were inundated," he said.
45

Despair  sorrow sweep flood-hit Meghalaya6
0
Tura: "I don't know what to do and how to resume my life," says a sobbing Jafar Ali, whose wife and three children were swept away in the recent flash floods in the Garo Hills.
"In a matter of minutes the flood waters claimed my wife, a son and two daughters while I was taking the other son to higher ground for safety," mourned Ali.
"I wanted to rescue them all but I failed. I have lost my family and my house and there is nothing left but pain and sorrow," the distraught man said.
Chief Minister Mukul Sangma said, "We have not only lost precious lives but the quantum of damage is very high.
#meghalaya #meghalaya floods #mukul sangma #garo hills
But the carpenter is a fighter. "I will have to restart life for the sake of my son who is too young to understand the magnitude of this tragedy."
The floods and landslides in Garo Hills, in the western part of Meghalaya, the northeast Indian state bordering Bangladesh on two sides, claimed 59 lives and severely affected lives of more than 200,000 people. At least 1,170 villages were submerged after a cloudburst over Garo Hills.
Ironically, the cloudburst happened in the state whose name literally translates into 'abode of the clouds'.
Diwakar Mann, another survivor, narrated how he managed to escape from the flood fury in Bholarbhita village.
"I don't know how to show you where our house stood earlier," Mann said, pointing his fingers at the changed course of the Jinjiram river that overwhelmed over 300 households in the village.
The village lost almost 80 per cent of its land to the flood fury. Many victims are homeless. Houses in the village, located close to the Jinjiram river, a tributary of the Brahmaputra, simply disappeared.
Erosion and slit deposit have changed the river route, which now passes through Bholarbhita village, 105 km from Tura town.
"There is no more Bholarbhita village. Everyone now calls this place Bholarbhita river. I don't know how to get back our land," Mann says, narrating the devastation caused by the September 23 flood fury.
"The government is providing us temporary shelter and relief. We all know we have to get back on our feet. I am sure it is going to be tough as we have lost our land and resources," Mann said.
Another flood victim, Abdul Karim, was on the verge of tears.
"My house is gone, my money is gone and so is everything I ever owned. How do I feed my family after the government-provided relief runs out? I have to rebuild everything."
Thousands of students in the flood-hit areas have lost their books, school uniforms and other educational items.
More than 200 school and colleges have been damaged by the flash floods. A few were washed away.
The disaster struck when school examinations were a few weeks away.
Many students in areas where the flood waters have receded have started rummaging through their damaged belongings hoping to find their books.
"I am looking for my text and note books. If I can locate even a few, I will be lucky. But I don't think I will be able to get any of it," despaired Robina Dalbot Shira, a Class 10 student.
Pravin Bakshi, the district magistrate of West Garo Hills, felt the causalties could have been more had not the North East Space Application sounded an alert.
"The early warning system of NESAC warned of extremely heavy rains," Bakshi told said, adding the people had experienced floods in August too.
"The floods have been devastating... The scenes of devastation were difficult to believe. We saw piles of debris and broken homes everywhere.
"It is a tragedy the state has never seen in the past, and it is going to be a herculean task to rebuild the affected areas," he explained.
The official appealed to relief and aid agencies to visit the flood-hit areas in the Chibanang area and render all possible help.
Chief Minister Mukul Sangma said, "We have not only lost precious lives but the quantum of damage is very high.
"We have been moved back 10 years in our development programme. All major areas have been devastated. Everywhere we went, there were only sad stories.
"The government is in the process of preparing a memorandum highlighting the suffering and destruction," Sangma said.
4

Pakistan sheltered Osama bin Laden and now blames India of aggression: MEA s jibe at Islamabad9
1
New Delhi: India on Friday took a potshot at Pakistan over the continuous ceasefire violations and the latter's allegation that India was the aggressor country. "The allegation that India started firing originated in Pakistan, a country which harboured Osama Bin Laden for over a decade in a military garrison town. There is no need to say anything more," the External Affairs Ministry said in a statement.
"The new government was always serious about bilateral talks with Pakistan. We have shown readiness to take the first step to engage with Pakistan in a peaceful manner. But what have we got in return? A media spectacle before Foreign Secretary-level talks, hostile statements at the UN, violence against citizens at the international boundary. It is up to Pakistan to now de-escalate. This is entirely in Pakistan's hands," the MEA statement said, adding in the end, "We have no fear of talks, but we will not talk out of fear."
Pakistan had on Thursday dumped the entire blame for the ongoing border tension on India, claiming that its army never targeted civilians and that Indian aggression on the border was resulting in casualties in Pakistan.
Pakistan had on Thursday dumped the entire blame for the ongoing border tension on India, claiming that its army never targeted civilians.
#ceasefire violation #pakistan #jammu and kashmir #osama bin laden
"India should act in a responsible manner. We don't want to convert border tension between two nuclear neighbours into confrontation," Pakistan Defence Minister Khwaja Asif said. Shortly afterwards, the Pakistan Foreign Ministry said that Pakistan did not start "any aggression on the border".
"We strongly condemn Indian aggression on Indian border. We have not started any aggression on the border. We will take action to the fullest capacity," Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesperson Tasnim Aslam Khan told CNN-IBN, adding that if India wanted, the two sides could talk and "end this madness".
"There is loss of life and property on the Pakistani side. The Pakistani Army is careful of not killing civilians," she said.
9

Futures drop  chipmakers weigh on NasdaqS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Beijings point man on Hong Kong has a history of cracking down on protestersThe Future of Hong Kong
October 10, 2014
HONG KONG—An unassuming, bespectacled 67-year-old Chinese official who studied economics in North Korea  and has been blamed for a violent crackdown on protesting Chinese villagers may determine the future of democracy in Hong Kong.
Zhang Dejiang, as chairman of China’s legislature and head of the Chinese Communist Party’s leading group on Hong Kong and Macau Affairs, oversaw Beijing’s decision on how direct elections in Hong Kong should be implemented in 2017. He likely also has a hand in how the situation— now at an impasse between the Hong Kong government and protesters demanding a civil nomination—plays out now.
In August, China’s national legislature announced that candidates running for Hong Kong’s top office must have the approval of at least half of a nominating committee that is so far stacked with representatives sympathetic to Beijing. That decision has set off a wave of protests that local officials have yet to contain. Beijing has repeated its stance that its decision is “ unshakeable .” If any compromise were to be made, however, it would come through Zhang.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Zhang Dejiang (right) follows after general secretary of the party and president Xi Jinping and premier Li Keqiang.(Reuters/Carlos Barria)
Zhang is one of China’s most powerful but little-known officials. He has been a foil to charismatic figures such as former minister of commerce Bo Xilai, who Zhang replaced when he was ejected from his position as party chief in Chonggqing. Zhang is considered to be a “ grey party man even by Politburo standards,” according to Mark Leonard, director of the European Council on Foreign Relations. To critics, Zhang is an ultra-conservative best known for shutting down liberal media outlets in Guangdong province, suppressing information about the 2002-2003 outbreak of SARS, and opposing business owners joining the Chinese communist party.
Perhaps most worrying for Hong Kong demonstrators is that in 2005, Zhang was party secretary in Guangdong when police opened fire on farmers and fishermen  protesting land seizures in the village of Dongzhou—marking the first time Chinese security forces had fired on civilians since Tiananmen in 1989. (Police have since also opened  fire on Tibetan protesters .) Police killed between 10 and 20 villagers , some of whom attacked police with homemade bottle bombs used for stunning fish. (Some residents said closer to 40 people were killed , including bystanders.) When villagers in another Guangdong village, Taishi, petitioned to oust a corrupt village official, thugs pressured residents to back away from the measure, and in some cases beat up local activists and journalists .
But supporters see Zhang as  energetic, decisive , and even somewhat reform-minded when it comes to rights and representation. After the 2005 Dongzhou incident, he began stressing that land acquisitions and development projects should not go forward until compensation deals with farmers and other residents have been sealed. He also said that China’s petition system—the process by which Chinese citizens issue formal complaints to the government—was “the democratic right of the people .”
Share
Tap image to zoom
Banners in Dongzhou in 2005 read, “Obeying the law is every citizen’s duty and responsibility” and “Recognize the truth, insist on separating from unlawful members.”(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan)
As for Hong Kong, Zhang has offered comments that appear more lenient than those in Chinese state-run media. In July, Zhang reportedly said that some lawmakers from Hong Kong’s Democratic Party are patriotic to China—a hint that Democrats might eventually be allowed to run for Hong Kong’s top position. He also suggested that further reforms to the city’s election process after 2017 could be possible. According to lawmakers that attended a meeting with him in July, Zhang said that democracy in Hong Kong should evolve in a “ gradual and orderly manner .”
Still, Zhang appears to have a certain amount of tone-deafness when it comes to Hong Kong: In September, he assured the public that the legislature had read public opinion in the semi-autonomous territory correctly. Zhang said Beijing’s policy was decided “ very solemnly after listening to opinions from different sectors in Hong Kong.” Zhang told a trade delegation in Beijing, “The decision…has won the support and endorsement of the majority of Hong Kong people.” Two weeks later, tens of thousands of protesters poured onto the streets to protest that decision.
Share this:

E-commerce portal Zopper to map UP retailersE-commerce portal Zopper to map UP retailers
BS Reporter | Lucknow Oct 10, 2014 05:10 PM IST
E-commerce and 'comparison shopping' portal Zopper plans to digitise local retailers in Lucknow and Kanpur by mapping them for users.
Once mapped, active Zopper users would be able to compare the price and check availability of specific products for best deals and bargains.
"Zopper also amplifies promotion on social media platforms such as Facebook, Google etc," company's chief marketing officer Vaibhav Garg said here today.
The company has already mapped 1,000 retailers each in Lucknow and Kanpur. It plans to ramp up the number to 3,000 in Lucknow by March 2015.
He claimed Zopper clocks almost 1.5 million visits every month and the traffic has been increasing. The start-up has so far received 7 million US dollars funding from private equity firms.

Sashi Tharoor declines to comment on fresh report on wifes deathThe new report by the three-member panel of doctors maintained that Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning. (Source: Reuters/file)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:55 pm
Former union minister Sashi Tharoor on Friday declined to comment on the fresh report by AIIMS doctors on the mysterious death of his wife Sunanda Pushkar that concluded she died of poisoning.
The Congress MP and former Minister of State for HRD, who was the chief guest at the graduation day function of a college here, avoided answering any query by persistent mediapersons.
Earlier during his speech at the function at the DG Vaishnav College, he said students awaited hard roads as challenges ahead in their lives.
“But you should believe in yourself, you should believe in the truth. I have been on those hard roads and that was the only way I was able to cope as well,” he said.
Though the reporters attempted to elicit a response from him as he came out after the function, he didn’t utter a word.
Sunanda was found dead in a 5-star hotel in South Delhi on the night of January 17, a day after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with Tharoor.
The new report by the three-member panel of doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on her, maintained that she died of poisoning.
The report was prepared on the basis of the findings of the  Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Sunanda’s viscera.
The viscera report of CFSL in March had hinted at drug poisoning but police considered it as inconclusive.

Website of Satyarthis NGO crashes  his name trends on TwitterPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:35 pm
Minutes after Kailash Satyarthi’s name was announced on Friday as the winner of Nobel Peace Prize , the website of his NGO ‘Bachpan Bachao Andolan’ crashed due to heavy traffic while his name immediately started to trend on Twitter worldwide.
Followers of his Twitter handle — @k_satyarthi — also swelled remarkably after he won the coveted prize.
The 60-year-old child right’s activist had just 200 odd followers before the announcement which soared to 6,820 by 5 pm with the number growing exponentially.
ALSO READ:   Twitterati congratulate Kailash Satyrathi and Malala Yousafzai 
On an average, his followers on the micro-blogging website were growing by around 2,000 per hour.
His personal website — http://www.kailashsatyarthi.net which gave his introduction as “a human rights activist from India who has been at the forefront of the global movement to end child slavery..” — was also now opening due to heavy traffic.
Satyarthi, who had founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan in 1980, has been a relentless crusader for child rights.
Till date, the NGO has rescued around 80,000 children from bonded labour and developed a successful model for their rehabilitation and education.
“Showing great personal courage, Kailash Satyarthi, maintaining Gandhi’s tradition, has headed various forms of protests and demonstrations, all peaceful, focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain. He has also contributed to the development of important international conventions on children’s rights,” an official press statement released by The Norwegian Nobel Committee said.
Satyarthi and Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai were awarded the Noble Peace Prize for their “struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.”

Sonia Gandhi felicitates Nobel Peace Prize winner Satyarthi  MalalaPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:21 pm | Updated: October 13, 2014 6:50 pm
Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Friday congratulated child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi and girls education rights activist from Pakistan Malala Yousafzai on being chosen for the Nobel Peace Prize as the party read a symbolism in the decision noting “conflict resolution and not conflict escalation” should be the norm.
Expressing happiness over it, she said the awards have brought “glory to the entire South Asia” and extended her good wishes to Malala Yusufzai.
Congratulating Satyarthi, Gandhi said it is a “moment of immense pride” for the nation and that the Nobel prize to Satyarthi was a “rightfully deserved recognition of his tremendous contribution.
At the party briefing, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said the joint Nobel peace prize to two civilians–one from India and the other from Pakistan– ironically coming at a time of firing from Pakistan side into the Indian territory has its own symbolism and it should not be lost on any one.
“It sends  a clear message that conflict resolution must be the norm…conflict escalatation by whichever country has to be deprecated,” he said.

No violation of model code: EC on Modis radio addressPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:10 pm
The Election Commission on Friday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s October 3 radio broadcast did not violate the Model Code of Conduct.
In a brief order, the EC told AICC’s Legal Cell Secretary K C Mittal that “the Commission did not find anything in the broadcast matter which constituted violation of Model Code of Conduct.”
The Model Code came into force on September 12 for the October 15 assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Nobel Peace Prize 2014: Twitterati congratulate Kailash Satyrathi and Malala YousafzaiSatyarthi and Yousafzai were picked for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people, and for the right of all children to education, the Norwegian Nobel Committee said. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:10 pm
As Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai and Indian child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi won the Nobel Peace Prize 2014 on Friday, social media remained abuzz with congratulations.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Satyarthi and Malala. “Shri Kailash Satyarthi has devoted his life to a cause that is extremely relevant to entire humankind. I salute his determined efforts.Malala Yousafzai’s life is a journey of immense grit and courage. I congratulate her on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize”, he tweeted.
Congratulations to Shri Kailash Satyarthi on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The entire nation is proud of his momentous achievement.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Shri Kailash Satyarthi has devoted his life to a cause that is extremely relevant to entire humankind. I salute his determined efforts.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Malala Yousafzai’s life is a journey of immense grit & courage. I congratulate her on being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 10, 2014
Here are other reactions on Twitter :
Many congratulations to Shri Kailash Satyarthi 4 #NobelPeacePrize .A moment of great pride 4 India & a befitting appreciation of his work.
— Ravi Shankar Prasad (@rsprasad) October 10, 2014
 
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) October 10, 2014
 
— CM Office, GoUP (@CMOfficeUP) October 10, 2014
 
— Rahul Bose (@RahulBose1) October 10, 2014
 
— Dharmendra Pradhan (@dpradhanbjp) October 10, 2014
 
Many congratulations to Kailash Satyarthi & Malala Yousafzai for winning the #NobelPeacePrize . Now, let’s give peace a chance.
— Prithviraj Chavan (@prithvrj) October 10, 2014
 
Life feels good when good things happen to good people. Heartiest congratulations to Mr Kailash Satyarthi & Malala. #NobelPeacePrize .

Cramer: Correction happeningcramer: correction happening
Divided by borders  united by peace: B-Town hails Satyarthi  MalalaDivided by borders  united by peace: B-Town hails Satyarthi  Malala
North Korean leader in stable rule despite rumoursNorth Korean leader in stable rule despite rumours
Microsoft CEO apologises for comment on women s salariesHi Guest
Microsoft CEO apologises for comment on women's salaries
Nadella's comments generated angry comments from various quarters including in the US and India, through blogs, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn among others, while many went on to say that there was as such a huge lack of gender diversity at tech companies. Satya Nadella, India-born CEO of Microsoft, landed in a soup for saying that women employees need not ask for pay hikes, for which he had to later apologise and admit that he was "completely wrong" with such "inarticulate" comments.  "It's ...

Hong Kong stocks end 1.90% lowerHong Kong stocks end 1.90% lower
UK  India launch financial partnershipUK  India launch financial partnership
Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 4465: Dolat CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Infosys; target of Rs 4465: Dolat Capital
Dolat Capital is bullish on Infosys and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 4465 in its October 10, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Dolat Capital`s research report on Infosys
“Infosys reported strongrevenuegrowth of 3.2% QQat $2.2bn (Reported currencyrevenues at‘133bn - DE at Rs 132bn). Operating profits were better than estimate on strong operating leverage leading to 200bps gain in utilization to 82.3% (best ever) leading to OPM gains of 100bps QQ. Profit were upby 7.3% QQ at Rs 30.9bnahead of our estimates of Rs 30.4bn on strong other income performance along with operating performance. We believe CEO DrSikkahas helped in loads of confidence restoration through its commentary on its positive interactions with all stakeholders (partners/clients/employees), 100% variable payout for entire workforce in Q2, sustained deal tractionwith $600mn TCV through seven large deals (5 in US and 1 each in Europe/ROW) and endeavor to regain itsbellwethertag in the industry through leading new technology (automation and artificial intelligence) and strong financial outperformance.”
“We believe the strong volume growth (3% QQ), better outlook (commentary and deal TCV of $600mn), improved trajectory (management has indicated better H2 over H1) and resilient OPM at about 25% would help Infosys in its efforts on confidence restoration and would mean possible frequent upgrades as it keep on delivering in line with its achievable aspiration on improved volume/profitability. We have broadly maintained our estimates with a Revenue/ earnings CAGR of 14%/16% over FY15-17EWe up our rating to Outperformer on the stock with a TP of Rs 4465 valued at 18x on FY16E earnings (implies 15x FY17E),” says Dolat Capital research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Maharashtra Seamless; target of Rs 430: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Maharashtra Seamless; target of Rs 430: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Maharashtra Seamless and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 430 in its October 09, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Maharashtra Seamless
“Over the last couple of years, supplies of seamless pipes and tubes from domestic manufacturers (like Maharashtra Seamless) to E&P and other companies had been affected by dumping of steel pipes and tubes by Chinese manufacturers. Hence, in August 2014, the Director General (Safeguard) recommended that the Government of India impose a safeguard duty on import of seamless pipe and tubes. As Maharashtra Seamless is a major player in the domestic seamless pipe segment it is likely to be a key beneficiary from the imposition of safeguard duty on import of seamless pipe and tubes. This move is likely to aid Maharashtra Seamless in augmenting its sales realisations in the domestic market. Furthermore, the sales volume is also likely to witness healthy traction, going forward.”
“Going forward, we expect an improvement in capacity utilisation and realisation levels. We have modelled seamless sales volume of 217500 tonnes for FY15E and 275000 tonnes for FY16E. For ERW, we have modelled seamless sales volume of 55000 tonnes for FY15E and 60000 tonnes for FY16E. We have assumed blended EBITDA/tonne will increase from Rs 3551/tonne in FY14 to Rs 6350/tonne in FY15E and further to Rs 9163/tonne in FY16E. Subsequently, we have upgraded the stock from HOLD to BUY with a target price of Rs 430, valuing the company at 6x FY16E EV/EBITDA. Maharashtra Seamless has a strong balance sheet, healthy cash flow and net cash status, which augurs well for the company,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Infosys; target of Rs 4500: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Infosys; target of Rs 4500: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Infosys and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 4500 in its October 10, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Infosys
“Infosys reported stellar Q2FY15 earnings led by growth in the US, Europe, energy and utilities vertical. Constant currency (CC) revenues grew 3.9% while $ revenues grew 3.2% QoQ to $2,201 million, ($2,186 million, 2.5% growth estimate). Consolidated IT services grew 3.6% QoQ, led by volumes (3%). EBIT margins improved 96 bps QoQ to 26.1% (25.5% estimate) while net income came at Rs 3,045 crore vs. Rs 2,624 crore estimate led by margin beat and higher other income. Infosys maintained its FY15E US$ revenue growth guidance of 7-9% YoY. The company announced a 1:1 bonus issue of equity shares and 1:1 stock dividend of ADR shares. Infy also announced an interim dividend of Rs 30/share.”
“Q2 marked the first earnings address of Dr. Sikka who impressively laid the road ahead for building Infosys into a next generation services company. The company aspires to regain the bellwether status by achieving consistent profitable growth through the use of innovation, newer technologies, automation and employee re-skilling. The company also plans to renew each and every service currently being offered and augment them with new services along with new technologies such as big data and analytics. From an FY15E perspective, though Infosys maintained its 7-9% YoY growth guidance, we believe it has its work cut out in achieving the same. The rationale is with 2.3% growth in Q1 and 3.1% in Q2, Infosys now needs 2.6% CQGR in H2 to achieve the midpoint of its guidance vs. 3.2% earlier, had it delivered 2.5% QoQ growth in Q2, in line with our estimate. Though Q3 and Q4 are seasonally soft the management noted the large deal wins and client additions may aid.”
“We estimate Infosys will report revenue, EPS CAGR of 8%, 12%, respectively, over FY14-16E (with average 25.7% EBIT margins in FY15- 16E), slower than 18.2%, 12.2% reported during FY09-14 along with average 28.1% margins. Though the earnings trajectory could improve over time, the incoming CEO continues to impress with his strategic direction. The FY16E EPS upgrade coupled with target multiple raise to ~19x, 10% premium to its FY09-14 one-year forward PE average of 17.7x, leads to a revised target price of Rs 4500 and BUY rating vs. HOLD earlier,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Industrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4 pct in AugustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

All you need to know about HTC Desire Eye  RE  Eye Experience and ZoeHere's a quick snapshot of the the HTC Desire Eye smartphone, RE hand-held camera, HTC Eye Experience and Zoe.
Tech Desk | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:29 pm
HTC has introduced its new suite of imaging products at its event in New York. The new range consists of the HTC Desire Eye smartphone with two 13 MP cameras, HTC RE hand-held camera, HTC Eye Experience enhanced imaging software and Zoe collaborative video editing community.
The Desire Eye smartphone sports a 13 MP camera on the front as well as on the back side armed with  BSI sensors and comes with  intelligent dual-LED flash on both cameras. Featuring a 5.2-inch Full HD screen, the smartphone runs on a 2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2 GB RAM and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. It features a  dual-colour, waterproof unibody design with a dedicated two-step camera key for focus.
Key specs of the Desire Eye smartphone:
5.2-inch Full HD 1080p
Android 4.4 KitKat with HTC Sense
2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor
2 GB RAM
16 GB internal memory expandable up to 128 GB
Rear camera- 13MP, BSI sensor, f/2.0, 28 mm lens, wide angle, with HDR, 1080p Full HD video recording, Dual LED Flash
Front camera-  13MP, BSI sensor, f/2.0, 22 mm lens, wide angle, with HDR, 1080p Full HD video recording, Dual LED Flash, Auto focus with zoom
Sound-  HTC BoomSound, Dual front facing stereo speakers with built-in amplifiers, 3 microphones, Sense Voice
2G, 3G, 4G connectivity
2400 mAh battery
HTC EYE Experience
HTC claims that its HTC EYE Experience takes mobile imaging software into a new league with unique features. The HTC Eye Experience helps in video-conferencing and enables face tracking for up to four people in the same room and allows each face to be cropped and positioned on the screen for maximum clarity.
It also gives the option of screen sharing bringing desktop functionality to smartphone-based video chat  along with Split Capture function- combining simultaneous photos and videos taken on the front and back cameras into one split-screen image or video.
Crop-Me-In allows cropping from the image or video taken with the front-facing camera and positioning it within the scene captured by the main camera. It also features Voice Selfie
enabling users to trigger the shutter release with a simple command. “Simply “say cheese” as soon as you’ve struck the perfect pose or trigger the video recording with “action” or “rolling” commands,” according to a statement.
Popular additions to the HTC Desire 820 are also included in the HTC EYE Experience such
as face fusion, the feature that allows you to merge your face with that of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look and Live Makeup, where you can set the desired level of skin smoothing and preview the effect in real-time before the image is captured.
HTC RE
RE is a small handheld camera. RE features a built-in grip sensor that instantly activates the camera on pick up, eliminating the need for a power button. There is a single shutter button which allows one tap to capture photos and a longer press for video recording.
The RE features a high-resolution, 16MP CMOS sensor, Full HD (1080p) video recording, 146 degree wide-angle lens and slow-motion and time lapse recording.
The RE app features a remote live viewfinder that lets you set up the shot and watch the live action on the screen of your mobile device, or users can switch to album and playback view to flick through the shots and videos already stored on the camera.
The app will also back everything up to your phone or the cloud automatically. In addition, in the future, RE will offer real-time video streaming to YouTube. The RE app will be available on both Android and iOS.
Zoe
HTC also introduced its new Zoe collaborative video-editing app which allow users to mix photos and videos into stylish highlight reels, themes and soundtracks that can be shared. “Allowing friends to remix their content with yours, Zoe creates the ultimate highlight video for all to enjoy and share through their favorite social networks,” the statement said.
Zoe 1.0 brings flexibility to the community, enabling short, medium and long Zoes that can
be made up of just a couple of still images, or an entire series of video clips.
Integrating fully with RE, Zoe video highlights are automatically generated and ready to
share. Zoe is available free of charge on Android now and coming on iOS later this year.

Hardcastle to supersize: 850 crore investment to open 250 McDonald sReuters McCafe, which was introduced in India in October 2013, is opened within a McDonald’s outlet.
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
Hardcastle Restaurants, McDonald’s franchisee for West and South India operations, will invest up to Rs. 850 crore to add 250 outlets of the U.S. fast food chain within three-five years.
“We will invest Rs. 800-850 crore in the next three to five years to open 250 outlets in the West and South regions. This investment includes adding 175 to 200 McCafe coffee shops,” Hardcastle Restaurants vice-chairman Amit Jatia said.
McCafe, which was introduced in India in October 2013, is opened within a McDonald’s outlet. At present, Hardcastle operates 192 McDonald’s outlets. On growth plans, Mr. Jatia said: “We have been evolving continuously. We have been re-imaging our outlets, adapting menu and expanding rapidly to grow in the Indian market. On the menu side, in the next 5 years we will do a lot more to bring McDonald’s global products in India.”
When asked about the increasing competition in the burger category from players like KFC and Dunkin’ Donuts, Mr. Jatia said: “McDonald’s will continue to have a leadership position in the burger space. I believe that competition will only grow the western fast food segment of the market. India market is huge and there is ample space for all players.”
Mr. Jatia said though same store sales have been on a decline due to negative consumer sentiments owing to economic slowdown but with a new government, he expects it to improve in the next six-12 months.
McDonald’s operations in North and East regions in India were run by Connaught Plaza Restaurants through a joint venture with the U.S. fast food chain. However, the partners are currently involved in a legal spat over management control.

DCs six most endangered historic propertiesBy Jonathan O'Connell October 9 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
With developers aggressively plotting new projects downtown and in neighborhoods filled with buildings erected 100 years ago or more, it’s a busy time for the D.C. Preservation League, the city’s main advocate for the preservation of historic buildings.
The group’s stances are often controversial. Just days ago Events D.C. and the International Spy Museum ditched plans to dramatically expand the Carnegie Library after the Historic Preservation Review Board, at the urging of the league, did not approve the proposal.
The league typically aims to secure protections for properties that are in the path of the bulldozer, and it annually produces a list of the properties it considers at greatest risk, often due to either demolition or neglect. Here’s the 2014 list, released Wednesday:
Anacostia’s commercial corridor: 
(Michael S. Williamson/TWP)
The central corridors of Anacostia, Martin Luther King Jr. Ave. and Good Hope Road in Southeast, are among the next frontiers for developers and they are home to 126 buildings dating from 1854 to 1930. Some proposals would demolish buildings along the corridor, others would relocate them.
 
911 and 913 L Street, NW
(Courtesy DCPL)
They may not look like much but the league is fighting hard to save a series of brick buildings in Shaw along L Street that a developer has purchased. The Marriott Marquis convention center hotel is complete nearby, but new plans call for two additional hotels nearby. The projects would provide further lodging options for visitors to the convention center hotel but alter the make-up of the street.
 
St. Elizabeths East Agricultural Complex
(Courtesy DCPL)
The D.C. government has big plans for the east campus of the former St. Elizabeths hospital, in Southeast D.C. between the Anacostia and Congress Heights neighborhoods. But in the late 1800s much of the leafy campus was dedicated to farming, including dairy barns, a horse barn and a chicken house. While the District plots redevelopment, the league worries about neglect. But re-using such buildings is often greatly expensive.
 
The Washington Canoe Club
The Washington Canoe Club (Kevin Clark/TWP)
Located on Water Street along the Potomac River in Georgetown, the Washington Canoe Club dates to the early 1900s and, according to the club’s history , produced a number of Olympians in canoe and kayak events. The club survived a fair number of floods in the past century, but the league cites a number of concerns for the building: “The shingles are in poor condition, the windows and window frames are in need of repair, the roof needs replacement, there are structural issues  with the floor, walls, and building frame, and the building systems need repair.” Things are bad enough that the boathouse was declared unsafe by the National Park Service and had to be closed .
West Heating Plant
The West Heating plan remains empty. (Jeffrey MacMillan)
Also in Georgetown, the West Heating Plant was built in 1948 and sold at auction  last year to the Levy Group and Georgetown Co., who planned to turn the property into as many as 80 Four Seasons condominiums . The preservation league is fighting the plan, claiming the redevelopment would sacrifice 65 percent of the building. Meanwhile the property, which has been mostly vacant for more than a decade, remains so.
Carnegie Library
The Carnegie Library, built in 1903. (James A. Parcell/Washington Post)
Debate over what to do with the Carnegie Library, in Mount Vernon Square, began years ago and is going strong. The Spy Museum plans were scuttled after the league called them “an offensive request” that constituted a lack of respect for the building; now the preservationists’ concern is that the building will deteriorate if the city doesn’t put up more money toward preserving it.
 
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Facebook Has No Plan to Monetize WhatsApp Soonfacebook has no plan to monetize whatsapp soon
Golar: scrambled eggs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7e43c26c-4fd4-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI governor might get veto in price stability mechanismRBI governor might get veto in price stability mechanism
Bloomberg | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration has proposed giving the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor veto power over a new monetary policy council that for the first time would focus on price stability as its main mission, people with knowledge of the matter said.
The finance ministry proposal calls for the formation of an eight-member committee headed by the RBI governor and a deputy that includes one government nominee with no voting rights, according to two people who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private. The RBI governor, a senior finance ministry bureaucrat and an outside expert will help pick the other five members, they said.
The finance ministry's proposal is in response to January recommendations from RBI on the most sweeping overhaul to monetary policy since the waning years of British colonial rule. Modi's government backs RBI's proposal to make Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation the "predominant objective" of monetary policy for the first time, the people said, while also saying it should promote economic growth and employment.
The proposal differs from the RBI panel backed by Governor Raghuram Rajan, which called for a five-member committee in which the majority would determine the policy decisions, with the central bank chief breaking a tie if a member was absent. Under that proposal, members would include the governor, his deputy and two outside experts picked by them, along with an RBI official handling monetary policy.
The changes are a compromise with another set of recommendations made last year by a finance ministry-mandated panel that called for a seven-person committee with five external members appointed by the central government, according to Prasanna Ananthasubramanian, chief economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership in Mumbai. Under that proposal, the governor would have power to override the committee.
Discussions between the government and RBI are continuing, the people said. Both plan to sign a framework agreement in the next few months that takes effect in the next financial year beginning April 1, they said. D S Malik, a finance ministry spokesman, declined to comment on discussions related to the monetary policy framework.
While the adoption of a government-endorsed inflation target would enhance its credibility, the failure to change the underlying legislation governing the Reserve Bank of India dilutes its effectiveness, Ananthasubramanian said.
"At any point, a future government can change it," he said by phone from Mumbai. "To that extent, there will be some uncertainty over inflation targeting in India." Under current rules, the governor alone makes policy decisions with input from an advisory group and central bank officials. Rajan has held the repurchase rate at eight per cent for the past four meetings after adopting the RBI panel's recommendation to bring down CPI-based inflation to six per cent by January 2016.
Rajan said last month the central bank was on pace to hit that target, discounting an RBI model that said seven per cent was likely. India's retail inflation of 7.8 per cent is the highest among 17 Asia-Pacific economies tracked by Bloomberg, and compares with two per cent in China and 4.53 per cent in Indonesia.
The finance ministry proposal said the CPI target would be agreed to during consultations between the government and central bank, the people familiar said. The central bank had proposed a target of four per cent with a plus-or-minus two percentage point band.
PATH-BREAKING PROPOSAL
| A finance ministry proposal calls for the formation of an eight-member committee, headed by the RBI governor, with a deputy and a government nominee with no voting rights, with veto power to the RBI chief
| The RBI governor, a senior finance ministry bureaucrat and an outside expert will help pick the other five members
| The finance ministry's proposal is in response to January recommendations from an RBI panel on the most sweeping overhaul to monetary policy since the waning years of colonial rule
| Sources say Modi's government backs RBI's proposal to make Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation the "predominant objective" of monetary policy for the first time

Leadership Lessons From the Kitchen: How to Prevent Difficult Communication From Burning Your Fingersreddit
I would never have guessed at the time, but leaving the Ivy League to go to culinary school gave me the opportunity to learn a lot about leadership. I recently shared four of the lessons I learned as a chef and the response was overwhelming. Since my lessons seem to have hit a nerve, I thought I'd share some more stories from the kitchen -- and the leadership lessons that resulted from them. ­­­
Warning: This leadership lesson may have unexpected effects. You may find yourself running to a bakery to satisfy a craving for tarts. ­­­
Today, I am going to take you with me back in time to my pastry class. There, Darby -- my new, young, chef instructor -- will teach us about fresh fruit tarts. Inadvertently, he will also teach us a few lessons in communication.
Here we go...
It's 4 a.m. on a winter morning and I am huddled with 20 other students around a wooden table in a dark bakery. We're all trying to learn the intricacies of fruit tarts in my Introduction to Pastries class. Our 4 a.m. class time is not scheduled just to torture us. Coffee aficionados often want croissants with their 6 a.m. coffee, and unfortunately for all of us pastry students, croissants don't bake themselves.
I am nervous. It's not that I'm worried I can't hack a 4 a.m. start time; I actually enjoy getting up early. I'm just experiencing the common jitters of starting something new. After all, I JUST started culinary school and I am not yet 100 percent confident I can truly become a chef.
Nonetheless, I am excited to learn as much as possible; and who doesn't want to start their day with a tart? Just look at how beautiful and delicious they look!
You may be surprised to learn that one goal when creating a fresh fruit tart is to fool the eye into thinking the pastry is larger than it is. Pastry chefs do this by creating an alternating left and right pattern with the fruit slices. Take a look at this image and you'll see what I mean.
As I mentioned, our group is large, so it is very hard to see Darby (the new, young chef instructor) as he demonstrates how to create the correct, alternating fruit pattern.
Not only is it difficult to see, but also, I am not an artistic person. I just don't see patterns easily, so reproducing them takes me a lot of time. This can be a major problem in the culinary world, especially when making pastries -- and this particular tart is all about patterns!
Suddenly, my instructor stops the demonstration and calls me to the front of the class. He then asks me to replicate the fruit pattern that he just demonstrated; but I can't see the pattern! I just cannot tell how the fruit alternates left to right, and I am unable to reproduce the tart design -- especially so quickly in front of others.
How does the instructor handle my inability to complete his request? He yells at me in front of our entire class. And I cry.
But let's not fuss over spilled milk. There are lessons to be learned.
What Can a Pastry Chef Teach Us About Communication?
Looking back on this scenario, I can see that the leader of our class was not communicating in a very effective way. Here are three lessons in leadership communication based on this real-life scenario.
Lesson 1: Leaders Must Remember That People Learn Differently
The leader of our class didn't take into account the fact that people learn differently. There are seven different learning styles - spatial, linguistic, intrapersonal, intropersonal, musical, kinesthetic and logical.
Yet, our instructor only used one style to teach us -- visual.
It would have been more effective if he used more than one style to teach the lesson. For example, Darby could have:
Let us play with the design first, on our own, on a flipchart (intrapersonal),
asked us to create designs with a partner first (interpersonal) or
instructed us to draw the design as a formula (logical).
It sounds silly, but we could have even learned a song! By using different techniques to reflect the seven learning styles, all the students would have had a chance to learn the technique in their own way -- setting us all up for success.
Lesson 2: A Good Leader Speaks Respectfully
A leader should never yell at someone at work. This is an absolute no-no. If someone doesn't understand something you said, you are responsible for explaining it in a new way until that person does understand.
So instead of yelling, take these steps:
First, acknowledge the communication error. For example, "I'm sorry, I must have not communicated clearly. Tell me what you understood about what I said, and I can fill in the blanks."
After acknowledging your communication error, encourage your team member (or student in this case) to ask questions. Create an open environment and be compassionate. Yelling does not open the floor for constructive dialogue!
Once you've worked through questions in an open and compassionate way, give your team member a chance to try again. Acknowledge what the person is doing well, in addition to pointing out ways to improve.
Lesson 3: To Improve Communication, Leaders Can Take a Simple Training Approach
My instructor, and all of us, would have benefited by him taking a training approach. There is a training model, which explains an effective course of action. It's quite simple:
Tell them what you are going to show them.
Show them.
Tell them what you showed them.
Ask for questions.
So in this case, my instructor would say:
(1) Today we're going to work on one pattern for a fresh fruit tart. This fruit pattern is made in layers, alternating the direction of the fruit slices, in an effort to fool the eye into thinking the tart is larger than it is. To do this, you need to be able to visualize fruit slices going in one direction (left or right) and then the next layer of fruit slices going in the other direction. (2) Now, let me show you what I mean. (Demonstrating with the fruit slices) First, you put the slices on, with the peaches going to the left. Then in the next layer, the plums go to the right. After that, we return to a layer of peaches going to the left, and so on. (3) This is an alternating fruit pattern for fruit tarts. (4) Are there any questions on how I did that?
Introduction to Pastries could have been a more effective (and better) experience for the culinary students if our leader had used any of the communication strategies listed above. I did eventually master the tart technique -- but I have to admit, I am still scarred thinking of that instructor whenever I see a fruit tart!
A strong leader does not want her employees feeling scarred by poor communication, years after the fact. Instead, she wants to enrich the lives of those she leads. By using the seven learning styles as a tool for effective communication, speaking respectfully with employees, and taking a training approach to ensure you are getting your message across clearly -- leaders can ignite positive and productive change in their organizations.
I know I can't be the only one who has experienced the raw end of the stick from poor leadership communication. What's your story? I'd love to hear. Please leave a comment below, or find me on Twitter!
Follow Anne Loehr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/anneloehr
More:

ADNAN ABIDI / Reutersadnan abidi / reuters
Luxury carmakers strategy to lure new buyersBy Drew Harwell October 9 Follow @drewharwell
A line of robots at Tesla Motors works on the aluminum shells of the all-electric Model S in 2013 in Fremont, Calif. (Photo by Winni Wintermeyer for Manager Magazine)
If you wanted to buy a car from Tesla Motors three years ago, your only option was its luxury Roadster, selling for a princely $109,000. Now, even as it’s become the darling of the automotive world, Tesla is looking at unveiling cars for less than a third of that price.
The American automaker wants to launch a certified pre-owned program that would cut the price for its $71,000 Model S sedan in half,  according to Automotive News . And for its next generation of all-electric car, the Model 3 launching in 2017, it wants to let drivers bring it off the lot starting at $35,000.
Tesla’s star boss Elon Musk is set to reveal on Thursday a change to the company’s lineup — computer-controlled steering? all-wheel drive? a truck?  — but this shift toward affordability could prove to be the most momentous change in the eyes of American drivers.
Tesla will join a growing pack of niche and luxury auto icons now squeezing their entry costs in hopes of winning over a new market of middle-class buyers. Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz have all slashed sticker prices and re-energized marketing in hopes of boosting sales and bumping away the competition, including Tesla.
But on their drive downward, they’re increasingly nudging into a surprising competition: mainstream automakers. Value brands like Ford and Honda are actually bumping prices up and adding more luxury features in hopes of capturing more driver dollars — and securing a new generation of loyal lifetime buyers.
“There’s going to be a new battleground where you’ve got luxury [car] makes moving downmarket a bit, and the low-end makes moving up,” said Steve Cannon, the chief executive of the U.S. division of German luxury giant Mercedes-Benz.
“We’re all going to be fighting over the coming years for our share of the Gen Y buyer. It’s going to be the primary buying demographic for the next 20 years. … If our access point is $60,000, we may not see these kids in 10 years. And by that point it may be too late.”
Mercedes-Benz’s new CLA-Class, starting at $29,900. Courtesy of the company.
German luxury brand BMW now sells its entry-level coupe, the 2 Series, for about $32,000. And Audi lists its A3 at $29,900, which has helped the German automaker sell nearly 15,000 of the make this year, more than it sold between the years of 2010 and 2013 combined.
Mercedes-Benz paid for a star-studded Super Bowl ad  this year to showcase its new $29,990 CLA-Class, a compact sedan some dubbed the “Baby Benz.”
More than 30,000 have sold in the last year, making it one of the best-selling cars in its lineup, the automaker said. And the firm’s “conquest rate,” an industry measure of new buyers, shows about 75 percent have been sold to drivers who had never bought a luxury brand.
But perhaps most interesting for Mercedes in the long term, executives said, is their new buyers’ age: More than half of the CLA-Class’ buyers are from either Generation X or Y, and the median age of buyers was 47, compared with 55 for the rest of its makes.
That’s important, because attracting buyers when they’re young is the first step to winning their business, and loyalty, for life.
“We are a luxury-biased country. We love little luxuries, big or small, and we’re going to break off whatever piece of luxury we can fit in our pocketbooks,” said Cannon, the Mercedes head. “So if I can stand toe-to-toe with a mass brand? I like our chances.”
Meanwhile, mainstream brands have been attempting to keep that loyalty. Formerly entry-level cars like the Honda Civic are evolving and gaining new premium makes (and being replaced, at the starter level, by even more compact cars, like the Honda Fit). And legacy brands are being upgraded with luxury features like lane-keeping assist warnings, rear-view cameras, radar cruise control, leather interiors, heated and cooled seats.
That has helped those value brands’ average transaction prices climb in recent years, a Kelley Blue Book analysis of data for The Washington Post show. A Ford Fusion that rolled off the lot for about $24,000 in 2011 now averages just under $26,000.
“The person who bought an Accord 20 years ago was in their late 20s, with a certain budget and a certain expectation of luxury. Now those Accord buyers are more wealthy and expect more luxury and even more refined vehicles, and Honda is happy to supply that,” Kelly Blue Book senior analyst Karl Brauer said.
“What have always been mainstream volume brands are essentially saying, ‘We’ll keep adding features and we don’t care what it does to price. Instead of losing them to a luxury nameplate, we’ll keep them, and they’ll pony up the extra money,’ ” Brauer said. “The luxury brands, they’re saying, ‘Fine. You’re coming into our territory, we’re coming into yours. If you’ve got midsize buyers ready to pay $30,000 or more for a Honda badge, we’re going to say what about a Mercedes or Audi badge for the same price?’ ”
Aston Martin’s new Vantage GT, starting at $99,900. Courtesy of the company.
Even the highest-end automakers have slashed their sticker prices with the aims of attracting new buyers. English luxury maker Aston Martin this year debuted an “ accessible race car ,” the V8 Vantage GT, its first car selling below $100,000 (and a third the price of its $300,000 Vanquish Volante).
Maserati, the Italian luxury dealer, last year debuted its Ghibli sedan now selling for $66,900, less than half what buyers would pay for the company’s sporty GranTurismo — a price that, as the company’s North America chief executive Peter Grady  told the Los Angeles Times , “will bring in customers who may not see themselves in a Maserati.”
The once-niche automaker, which wants to boost its global sales from 6,200 in 2012 to 50,000 next year, aired a cinematic Super Bowl ad  this year to tap a new audience and fight back at the competition. (Its ending slogan: “We have prepared. Now we strike.”)
Luxury makers hoping to hook mainstream buyers have faced criticism from their upscale clientele and market watchers, who worry the price cuts could cannibalize sales of their other makes or dilute their high-end brands. But Cannon, the Mercedes head, said the bigger “existential threat” is clinging to prestige while losing out on a torrent of buyers, like millennials, the largest generation in American history.
“It’s about getting on their radar screens, because if they don’t know it’s attainable at that price point, they’ll never walk in the door,” he said. “You’re risking irrelevance if you don’t make that move. … If you’re not refreshing your demographics with new buyers, there are plenty of older brands out there who will.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Will keep Narendra Modi at the forefront in the smallest of elections too  says BJP Karnal candidateOct 10, 2014 at  07:53am IST
Will keep Narendra Modi at the forefront in the smallest of elections too, says BJP Karnal candidate
49
0
Karnal: While Bharatiya Janata Party rode high on the Narendra Modi wave in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the party is not shying away from keeping him at the forefront even in the forthcoming Haryana elections. While rivals are questioning BJP's move of relying on the Modi wave yet again, the candidates of the Prime Minister's party are hoping to ride on it to victory.
BJP candidate from Karnal Manohar Lal Khattar, who is being called an 'outsider' by the rivals says there's no running away from the fact that his party is highlighting Modi. "Why should we not ride on the Modi wave? It's because of him that we have a single party government at the Centre. I would keep Modi at the forefront even in the smallest of elections," Khattar said.
Khattar, who was an RSS worker earlier, calls himself a serviceman. Addressing a public meeting in Karnal, he credited the 'serviceman' tag too to Modi. "Modi calls himself a sevak and not a PM. That is why, all of us in the BJP too are now sevaks," Khattar said.
BJP candidate from Karnal Manohar Lal Khattar, who is being called an 'outsider' by the rivals says there's no running away from the fact that his party is highlighting Modi.
#haryana ground report #haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #ground report
While Khattar is confident that the Modi wave will help the BJP in the Assembly elections too, his rival and Congress candidate Surender Singh says the Modi wave is over. However, some people in Karnal backed Khattar saying they wanted to give more power to Modi. For many of them, the Modi wave still existed. As people go to vote on October 15, it will also be clear if the Modi wave can help an 'outsider' become Karnal MLA.
137

Tesla reveals the D  and it s got two motorsTesla reveals the D: Two motors and all-wheel-drive
By Peter Valdes-Dapena and Rachel Crane   @CNNMoney October 10, 2014: 1:50 AM ET
 
See Tesla's D in 60 seconds
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
"The D" touted by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk is here, and it's a dual motor, all-wheel-drive sedan with mind-bending performance numbers.
The improvements build on the company's current Model S, offering better traction, more driving range and futuristic automated features. And some serious speed.
Model S sedans equipped with Tesla's 85 kWh battery pack and the dual-motor all-wheel-drive system will be able to go from zero to 60 miles an hour in just 3.2 seconds. That puts it in the same league as high-performance cars including the Porsche 911 Turbo and the Mercedes-Benz E63 .
To reach those speeds, the cars will have three driver-selectable settings: "Normal," Sport" and "Insane."
The car will have slightly more driving range on a full charge than the two-wheel-drive version. That means that with an 85 kWh battery pack the all-wheel-drive car will go 275 miles instead of 265 with rear-wheel-drive car.
 
Elon Musk: Big risks 'make me unhappy'
Tesla is also adding semi-automomous driving features to its cars that will allow owners to leave some of the driving to the car's on-board computers. The features will come standard, and the automaker has been building them into cars on the assembly line for the past two weeks.
These systems use sensors and cameras to help keep the car in its lane on highways while maintaining a safe following distance behind cars ahead.
The car will be able to automatically change lanes while avoiding other vehicles when the driver uses the turn signal. It will also change the car's speed automatically to adjust to different speed limits as determined by cameras that read speed limit signs.
While using these "autopilot" features, drivers will not be required to keep their hands on the steering wheel.
tesla d in 60 seconds_00003817.jpg
The car will be able to park itself and, when on private property, an owner will be able to summon the car. The car will also be able to connect with the owner's calendar so that it can be ready when needed.
Related: Car shopping tips for the modern world
With both the active driving features and all-wheel-drive systems, Tesla is matching technologies offered by other luxury automakers but adding additional features. Other automakers offer "active cruise control" systems but require a driver's hands to stay on the steering wheel. They also don't change lanes automatically.
Tesla's all-wheel-drive system provides added traction but also added performance efficiency.
Related: Cool cars from the Paris Motor Show
Until now, the Model S has been a strictly rear-wheel-drive car. All-wheel-drive is commonly offered by Tesla's luxury car competitors including Mercedes, BMW, Cadillac and Jaguar.
Particularly among luxury car brands, all-wheel-drive is considered a necessity to be competitive in major northeastern markets. About three quarters of luxury cars sold in northern states have all-wheel-drive, according to data from the automotive Web site Edmunds.com.
Tesla ( TSLA )'s shares were down 5% early Friday.
Even without all-wheel-drive, used Tesla Model S cars currently re-sell for almost as much as new cars. Consumer Reports has hailed it as the best model it has ever tested -- although the magazine later noted the car did suffer from a few reliability issues -- and it won Motor Trend's Car of the Year award in 2012 .
First Published: October 10, 2014: 1:06 AM ET
Most Popular

Outrage after Satya Nadella says women don t need to ask for raiseOutrage over Nadella's comments on women's pay
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 10, 2014
First Published: 10:02 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:46 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
At a time when women IT workers are being urged by their icons to pursue their careers aggressively, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella came up with absolutely the opposite advise!
They should not press their employers for a raise, earn their trust and wait for the system to take care of them, which it will, he said at a conference on women on Thursday.
The backlash started the moment he finished that sentence, and lasted all of Thursday, forcing Nadella to backtrack publicly on Twitter and in an internal mail to employees. “Was inarticulate re how women should ask for raise. Our industry must close gender pay gap so a raise is not needed because of a bias,” he tweeted.
He was “completely wrong”, Nadella said in his mail. “I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work …. (and)… If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
In an email exchange with Silicon Valley guru Vivek Wadhwa, Nadella admitted he “just gave a wrong and terrible answer to the question”. Wadhwa added, “He just blew it.”
The Hyderabad-born CEO, who was in India recently, couldn’t have chosen a more inopportune time to address the issue of gender inequality at workplace, specially in IT.
While Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has advised women to pursue their career goal aggressively in a 2013 book titled, “Lean in”, Towards the end of 2013, Twitter was forced to appoint its first female board member — Marjorie Scardino — after a public spat with its critics, including Wadhwa.

India s Kailash Satyarthi & Pakistan s Malala Yousafzay win Nobel Peace PrizeYou are here: Home > Collections
India's Kailash Satyarthi & Pakistan's Malala Yousafzay win Nobel Peace Prize
PTI Oct 10, 2014, 02.47PM IST
Tags:
Kailash Satyarthi
(Satyarthi won the prize…)
OSLO: An Indo-Pak, Hindu-Muslim combination of Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai today shared the Nobel Peace Prize honours for 2014 for their work on promoting child rights in the troubled sub-continent.
60-year-old Satyarthi, who runs an NGO in India that has been in the forefront of rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking, and 17-year-old Malala, who shot to limelight after the Taliban militants pumped bullets into her for advocating education for girls, were named by the Nobel Peace Prize Committee for the top global award this year.
"The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided that the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 is to be awarded to Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education," the jury said.
Satyarthi, who runs NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement), has maintained the tradition of Mahatma Gandhi and headed various forms of peaceful protests, "focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain," the Nobel committee said.
The Committee said it "regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism."
Malala, who was nominated in the peace prize category last year also, had displayed tremendous courage even after the Taliban attack when she resolutely expressed her determination to carry on with her campiagn for child rights and girls education especially in a country like Pakistan.
She has become the youngest Nobel laureate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kailash Satyarthi  tireless campaigner for child rightsKailash Satyarthi’s crusade to save childhood continues; 60 mn still need him
KumKum Dasgupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:50 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:49 IST(11/10/2014)
Before he became the second Indian to win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, not many had heard Kailash Satyarthi’s name.
 
But within 90 minutes of the announcement, the child's rights activist had gained more than 4,500 followers on Twitter--and the list was growing at blazing speed.
 
The 60-year-old activist has been a relentless crusader of child rights and his organisation, the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA), has been at the forefront of the drive against child labour in India for years.
Interview: 'The award will benefit the movement'
 
“It was a passion from my childhood to work for children, I carried it forward," said Satyarthi. “I have been very strongly advocating that poverty must not be used as an excuse to continue child labour. It perpetuates poverty. If children are deprived of education, they remain poor.”
Kailash Satyarthi gestures for photographers at this home office after the announcement of him receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, in New Delhi. (AFP Photo)
Satyarthi was trained as an electrical engineer, but he began his work by staging raids on Indian manufacturing, rug-making and other plants where children and their parents often work as bonded labour.
Read:  The highest honour: India’s Nobel Prize connection
 
The Bachpan Bachao Andolan, founded in 1980, has fought child labour by creating domestic and international consumer resistance to products made by bonded children, as well as with direct legal and advocacy work.
 
Building on his initial activism, Satyarthi organised the Global March Against Child Labor in the 1990s -- dedicated to freeing the millions of children abused worldwide in a form of modern slavery.
 
The activist is also founder of RugMark, a widely known international scheme that tags all carpets made in factories that are child-labour free.
Read: Why Kailash Satyarthi deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
 
In 1998, he organised the Global March Against Child Labour across 103 countries, which helped pave the way for an International Labor Organization convention on the worst forms of child labour.
 
He described the plight of children forced into the worst kinds of abusive work in a 2010 interview with the Robert F. Kennedy Centre for Justice and Human Rights.
 
"If they cry for their parents, they are beaten severely, sometimes hanged upside down from trees and even branded or burned with cigarettes," he said.
 
Satyarthi has said his social conscience was awoken when he was six and noticed a boy his age on the steps outside the school with his father, cleaning shoes.
Watch: 'Why I took up the cause of child rights'
Seeing many such children working instead of being educated, he felt an urge as he grew older to solve the problem -- launching him on his career of activism.
 
"I think of it all as a test. This is a moral examination that one has to pass. ... to stand up against such social evils," he said in the Kennedy Centre interview.
 
Through a number of training programmes, Satyarthi also helps children sold to pay off their parents' debts find new lives and serve as agents of prevention within their communities.
 
“The outstanding work that Mr Satyarthi has done over the past 35 years on child labour and trafficking has helped change mindsets and influence communities to protect children’s rights and create a more just society,” Deval Sanghavi, founder of Mumbai-based philanthropic organisation Dasra, told HT.
President Barack Obama on Friday congratulated Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai calling their Nobel “a victory for all who strive to uphold the dignity of every human being”.
Himself a Nobel peace laureate from 2009, Obama also said that despite their difference background, they share an “unshakeable belief in the basic dignity of every girl and boy”.
Read: Satyarthi’s hometown erupts in joy
 
The Bachpan Bachao Andolan was initiated as a grassroot-level and direct-action-oriented people's movement in 1980 to eliminate exploitation of children, especially child labour and child trafficking. The campaign has over 80,000 individuals and 750 organisations as members, who advocate and act for the protection of child rights.
 
One of Satyarthi’s big achievements is the promotion of a consumer awareness campaign in Europe and the US aimed at dissuading consumers from buying carpets made by child labourers and simultaneously endorsing goods produced without exploiting children.
 
Satyarthi uses an array of techniques including lobbying with politicians and knocking on the doors of the Supreme Court, National Human Rights Commission and other judicial institutions for enforcement of child rights laws.

Sunanda report  inconclusive  say Delhi policeComments
Delhi Police and several AIIMS doctors dismissed as inconclusive on Friday an autopsy report from the hospital that said Congress MP Shashi Tharoor’s wife Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning.
Commissioner of police BS Bassi also rejected suggestions that his department had been lax in collecting evidence and that the probe should be handed over to CBI, saying that the force was “competent” to handle the case.
“We still do not have a conclusive forensic report on the basis of which we can reach any conclusion. As far as police is concerned our inquest is pending,” Bassi said.
 
“We are still in the process of conducting inquest proceedings in the case as per initial medical analysis.”
 
Police sources said they were almost certain that the case was nearing a dead end and even if a fresh case was registered nothing would come of it.
 
Pushkar, a 52-year-old socialite and businesswoman, was found dead in her suite at a luxury hotel in south Delhi on January 17, a day after a very public Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over the latter’s alleged affair with Tharoor.
Doctors at AIIMS, the same government institute where a three-member team carried out the fresh autopsy, said the panel should have consulted forensic labs accredited for medico-legal work if they suspected poisoning.
 
The AIIMS report was based the findings of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Pushkar’s viscera.
 
On Friday, HT reported that Delhi Police had been asked to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case following the new findings that pointed to the presence of poison in her viscera and also ruled that the residue of Alprax tablets found in her stomach was non-fatal.
 
But police said the new post-mortem report was “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture”.
“All this (new) report does is list human diseases and provide possible poisoning scenarios,” said an officer. “According to CFSL, the residue of Alprax tablets found in Pushkar’s viscera was not fatal, leading them to conjecture that her death occurred not due to medical but deliberate poisoning. But which poison?”
 
The AIIMS report said poisons like thallium, polonium-210, nerium oleander, snake venom, photolabile poisons and heroin were either difficult or impossible to detect by Indian forensic labs, but one of the doctors in the institute’s forensic department rejected this.
 
"There is no question of not detecting these substances. If adequate sampling and clinical history is available then anything can be detected,” the doctor said.
 
The AIIMS toxicology laboratory was not certified by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) for medico-legal work and was only used for academic purposes, he added.
 
Dr Sudhir Gupta, who headed the three-member AIIMS panel, said, “Opinion has been given by the medical board. I cannot comment individually.”

Microsoft CEO Sorry for Completely Wrong Comments on Raises for WomenKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Bombay High Court rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing case: reportsBombay HC rules in favour of Vodafone in transfer pricing case
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 10, 2014
First Published: 11:43 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:47 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
The Bombay high court on Friday ruled that Vodafone would not have to pay income tax of Rs. 3,200 crore on shares it had issued to its UK-based parent. Tax experts and industrialists said the verdict would send positive signals to foreign investors and improve the business climate in India.
This order is not related to another R20,000-crore dispute that Vodafone has with the government over the retrospective levy of income tax on its purchase of Hutchison Essar Telecom Services in 2007.
Friday’s case relates to the addition of R3,200 crore to the tax liability of Vodafone India Services Pvt Ltd for 2009-10. The I-T department had contended that Vodafone India had undervalued shares it had issued to Vodafone plc and that the difference between the actual value of the shares and what Vodafone plc paid its Indian subsidiary was a disguised loan and, hence, liable to be taxed under transfer pricing provisions.
Vodafone disputed this contention and went to court.
Transfer pricing is the price at which a parent company buys or sells goods from or to its subsidiary. The law says this price has to be the same as that charged from outsiders. Disputes arise when the pricing is opaque or the exact price of the goods transacted is unclear.
A division bench of chief justice Mohit Shah and justice MS Sanklecha said, “We feel that there is no taxable income on share premium received on the issue of shares.”
The judgment could have a bearing on 26 other similar cases involving Indian and multinational companies such as Nokia, Shell India, IBM Corp, the Essar group, Sanofi and Havells India.
A senior official in the finance ministry said, “We will comment only after studying the verdict.” The final decision on whether to file an appeal will be taken by the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
Hailing the verdict, senior counsel Harish Salve, who represented Vodafone, said, “It was a complete frivolous case by the income tax department.”
In an emailed statement, Vodafone said, “We have maintained consistently throughout the legal proceedings that this transaction was not taxable. We welcome the decision of the Bombay high court.”

Rs 13-cr penalty on RIL: Sebi seeks 4 weeks ...Reliance Industries
(Sebi slapped the fine…)
MUMBAI: Capital markets watchdog Sebi today sought four weeks to respond to Reliance Industries' petition challenging its decision to slap a penalty of Rs 13 crore on the company in a case related to disclosure of a key earnings ratio.
Reliance has filed a petition challenging the Sebi decision at the Securities Appellate Tribunal ( SAT ). The next hearing in the matter has been posted for December 11.
Sebi slapped the fine on RIL on August 8, 2014, and asked the company to pay the penalty within 45 days of the order.
The penalty includes a fine of Rs 1 crore for violating the listing agreement and another Rs 12 crore for violating the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act in a matter related to alleged non-disclosure of the diluted earnings per share (DEPS) in the quarterly and annual financial filings by the company.
The order followed a probe by Sebi in an over seven-year-old case involving alleged irregularities in the issuance of 12 crore warrants by Mukesh Ambani-led RIL to its promoters, entitling its holders to subscribe to equivalent number of equity shares of RIL.
It was alleged that this issuance in April 2007 had resulted in diluting the pre-issue paid-up equity share capital of RIL, but the country's largest private sector company repeatedly failed to disclose such dilution in earnings for as many as six quarters.
"We are now studying the order as to the interpretation Sebi has taken and would take appropriate action based on legal advice," an RIL spokesperson had said on August 8 after the Sebi order.
"The issue relates to the method of calculation of diluted EPS under the accounting standards. The issue is not of non-disclosure," the company had said.
"It can be observed from our results published by the company of all the quarters in question that both basic and diluted EPS have been disclosed," RIL had said, while releasing its financial results for the six quarters concerned to substantiate its claims on basic and diluted EPS.
In its 15-page order, Sebi said RIL had submitted before it that there would "be no dilutive effect in the earning per share (EPS) if the proceeds from the issue are not less than the fair value of the shares issued."
However, Sebi ruled that "conversion of warrants into equity shares would necessarily result in reduction in net profit per share of the company as the same amount of profit needs to be distributed to additional equity shares as well upon such conversion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  UK launch financial partnershipIndia, UK launch financial partnership
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
India and United Kingdom today launched the UK-India Financial Partnership to strengthen links between the financial services industries of the two nations.
“The Partnership will strengthen links between the financial services industries of both countries and deepen cooperation between London and Mumbai, two of the world’s leading financial centres,” the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
The partnership will initially focus on the collaboration to develop the corporate bond market, mutual sharing of expertise on banking regulation and capitalisation.
It will also focus on enhancing financial training and qualification, financial inclusion and developing programme around the opportunities to improve cross border provision of financial and insurance services.
Both the industry leaders will convene working groups of professionals to examine key areas of common interest and will report the progress and make recommendations to the Minister of Finance, India and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, UK ahead of the next UK-India Economic and Financial Dialogue in 2015.
It may be recalled that at the seventh UK-India Economic and Financial Dialogue held in Delhi on July 8, 2014, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne had welcomed the deepening of financial services links between the two countries.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

No plea for transfer from Bangalore: AIADMKprison
The ruling AIADMK on Friday distanced itself from reports that petitions had been filed in the Madras and Karnataka High Courts seeking to shift former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu.
In a statement in Chennai, headquarters secretary and Higher Education Minister P. Palaniappan said some mischievous persons with evil motives had filed these petitions and Ms. Jayalalithaa had nothing to do with them.
“When a petition seeking bail for her has been filed in the Supreme Court, her enemies have filed these petitions to create a bad name about her among the Judges,” said Mr Palaniappan.
Mr. Palaniappan also said a team of lawyers were dealing with her petitions and others should desist from moving courts on behalf of her.

NDRF and rescue teams on alert as Odisha  AP brace for Cyclone Hudhud38 trains cancelled as cyclone Hudhud picks up momentum
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/visakhapatnam/Bhubaneswar, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:08 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:56 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
Cyclone Hudhud was upgraded to a “very severe cyclonic storm” on Friday as it hurtled towards India’s east coast, where it is expected to make landfall near Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh by Sunday noon.
Tourists have been asked not to enter into Puri sea beach during high tides as cyclone Hudhud looms large. (HT photo)
The governments in Andhra and Odisha, which also lies in the storm’s path, will start massive evacuations on Saturday and has put the local administration on high alert. In Visakhapatnam alone, about 35,000 people need to be evacuated from 57 coastal villages and moved to 40 relief camps.
“The storm will gain in intensity and hit the coast at a speed of 140-150 kmph with wind speeds of up to 165kmph,” India Meteorological Department director general Dr LS Rathore said.
Rising waters of the cyclone would inundate low lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of Andhra, he added.
The gathering storm comes almost exactly one year after Phailin, also a ‘very severe cyclonic storm’, hit the Odisha coast, bringing gales of 200-220kmph that killed nearly 30 people and displaced more than 400,000.
“We are expecting Hudhud’s intensity to decrease 12 hours after hitting the coast,” Rathore said, forecasting rain in parts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana. There will be no impact on the climate in Delhi, he added.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has dispatched 39 teams — 1,573 personnel and 193 boats — to vulnerable places in the two states. “The Centre is closely monitoring Hudhud’s progression,” said home minister Rajnath Singh, after speaking to the chief ministers of Odisha, Andhra and Telangana.
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) and district administration person during a mock drill before Cyclonic Storm ‘Hudhud’ near beach area, in Puri. (HT Photo)
Schools and colleges in Visakhapatnam will be closed on Saturday. Fishing operations have been suspended in six districts of Andhra and four in Odisha.
“If people don’t leave even after the warnings, police will be used to evacuate them,” said Visakhapatnam district magistrate N Yuvaraj.
The armed forces are also on alert with four warships of the Eastern Naval Command and six naval aircraft on standby for rescue operations and airdropping of relief material. The Coast Guard has deployed 17 ships and nine aircraft.
The cyclone is also set to hit railway services with 38 trains cancelled and 31 diverted. Flight operations at Visakhapatnam airport would also be affected.
In Odisha, officials said heavy rainfall was expected in eight districts for the next two days. Rescue personnel have started mock drills in at least 323 multi-purpose cyclone shelters. “If necessary, people in the eight districts will be evacuated to cyclone shelters,” Odisha special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said.
The scare is evident in Odisha’s Ganjam district, badly hit by Phailin. At Gopalpur, where Phailin made landfall, the beaches looked deserted on Friday. “At least 80% tourists have cancelled their bookings,” said a hotel owner.

Oil hits multi-year lows on growth fearsOil hits multiyear lows on growth fears
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18fc0af2-505d-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The 17 best bots on TwitterIt's lonely being a bot on the information superhighway.(Reuters/Kenneth Armstrong)
SHARE
Zachary M. Seward @zseward
October 10, 2014
Counted among Twitter’s 271 million active users are an untold number  of bots. These accounts were created by people with a pulse but tweet without human intervention. Some are handy, others beautiful, many peculiar. Bots, it should be said, are some of the most productive members of Twitter’s society.
But while humans are showered with praise for their tweets, bots have not traditionally received the same love. Never again! We have compiled a list of Twitter’s best bots.
To determine eligibility, we didn’t perform a Turing test but did require that the account be automated ( sorry, @Horse_ebooks ) and still actively tweeting. Where it was possible to determine the bot’s creator, we noted it here, but who’s to say those people aren’t actually bots themselves?

Noble Committee statement on 2014 Peace PrizeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nobel dedicated to country  will continue my fight: SatyarthiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sugar crushing delayed in Karnataka as Maharashtra polls hold up workersSugar crushing delayed in Karnataka as Maharashtra polls hold up workers
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 11:22 PM IST
Sugar mills in Karnataka are likely to start crushing for the new sugar season (October-September) after the completion of Maharashtra Assembly elections. A majority of sugar mills in northern Karnataka has delayed their crushing operations because they are dependent on workers from Maharashtra.
“Mills in north Karnataka are dependent on workers from various parts of Maharashtra. Due to the elections this year, the migration of workers is delayed and they will also wait for Diwali to get over before joining the harvesting season in Karnataka,” Pawan Kumar, president, South Indian Sugar Mills Association, told Business Standard.
In Karnataka, third largest producer of sugar in the country, crushing starts in two phases. In southern parts, crushing starts by August, and in the north and northwestern parts, it begins in October. Eight mills, including Bannari Amman, Sri Chamundeshwari Sugars Ltd and Mysugar, have started crushing in the Mysore division.
With expansion of area under cane cultivation across Karnataka, the mills are expecting five-10 per cent increase in sugar production for 2014-15.
“We estimate sugar production to be higher this year compared to the 4.18 million tonnes produced in 2013-14. The standing crop is in very good condition, as there was no flooding during last year's monsoon,” Kumar said.
For 2013-14, Karnataka produced 4.18 million tonnes of sugar compared to 3.39 million tonnes in the previous year, showing a growth of 23.3 per cent. The recovery of sugar went up 58 basis points to 10.98 per cent. Cane crushing went up 16.6 per cent to 38.1 million tonnes during the year compared to 32.7 million tonnes in 2012-13 season.

Fascination with Windows has deterred innovation in Microsoft: NadellascoachThe emphasis is more on 'how to make Windows more profitable' rather than 'how to make Windows more innovative', says Satya Nadella's executive coach in his book.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 7:01 pm
Microsoft needs to drop its immense focus on the operating system and concentrate on the mobile, Cloud and connected device world, suggests a new book which traces the journey of its new CEO Satya Nadella.
The Windows-centric strategy may have placed Microsoft in good stead through its inception and till the early 2000s but the company’s inordinate dependence of Windows has created for Microsoft an elephant of sorts that it has lately found difficult to ride, writes Jagmohan S Bhanver in “Nadella: The Changing Face of Microsoft”.
The book, published by Hachette India, is an insightful account of Nadella and what his appointment as the third CEO of Microsoft means for the future of the technology industry.
“The almost-total fascination with Windows and the predominance of the OS have repeatedly deterred innovation since the emphasis has stayed on ‘how to make Windows more profitable’ rather than ‘how to make Windows more innovative’,” the book says.
According to the author, in Windows 8 Microsoft has endeavoured to address some of the issues it is facing by offering a single OS that works for laptops, desktops, tablets and phones.
“However, this too leaves something to be desired, as the touch interface is not altogether remarkable on the desktop and the laptop. What is needed is to bring innovation to the device and the OS to offer a smart phone that makes it easy and delightful for the customer to use,” Bhanver, who is an executive coach to CEOs, says.
Given that the next battle for supremacy is likely to be fought in the Cloud platform, he suggests that Nadella could draw a leaf out of Google’s strategy to create innovative Cloud services that could be used in everyday life.
“If Microsoft starts to see itself as a platform for Cloud services and focuses on providing enterprises and developers with the best tools and platform for developing Cloud services, it can become ‘the’ platform for Cloud services over the next few years,” the author says.
The book also describes how the appointment of Nadella as CEO of Microsoft Corp. has sent waves of curiosity, speculation and expectation through the tech world at home and abroad.

Shashi Tharoor declines to comment on fresh report on wifesdeathThe new report by the three-member panel of doctors maintained that Sunanda Pushkar died of poisoning. (Source: Reuters/file)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:55 pm
Former union minister Sashi Tharoor on Friday declined to comment on the fresh report by AIIMS doctors on the mysterious death of his wife Sunanda Pushkar that concluded she died of poisoning.
The Congress MP and former Minister of State for HRD, who was the chief guest at the graduation day function of a college here, avoided answering any query by persistent mediapersons.
Earlier during his speech at the function at the DG Vaishnav College, he said students awaited hard roads as challenges ahead in their lives.
“But you should believe in yourself, you should believe in the truth. I have been on those hard roads and that was the only way I was able to cope as well,” he said.
Though the reporters attempted to elicit a response from him as he came out after the function, he didn’t utter a word.
Sunanda was found dead in a 5-star hotel in South Delhi on the night of January 17, a day after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with Tharoor.
The new report by the three-member panel of doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on her, maintained that she died of poisoning.
The report was prepared on the basis of the findings of the  Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) which had examined Sunanda’s viscera.
The viscera report of CFSL in March had hinted at drug poisoning but police considered it as inconclusive.

Gujarat HC scraps panel set up to probe snoopgateGujarat HC scraps panel set up to probe snoopgate
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, October 10, 2014
First Published: 15:23 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:25 IST(10/10/2014)
The Gujarat high court has scrapped an inquiry commission set up by the state government to inquire into allegations of illegal surveillance on a woman architect, reportedly ordered in 2009 by Amit Shah, now the BJP president.
Advertisement
The high court passed the order quashing the commission based on the petition of the woman's father, who contended that he had requested the state government to provide safety to his daughter.
In run-up to the parliamentary polls this year, news portals Gulail and Cobrapost had released taped telephonic conversations, purportedly between Shah - the junior home minister of Gujarat in 2009 - and IPS officer GL Singhal.
Shah could be heard telling Singhal to mount surveillance on the woman as his "saheb" wanted her movements tracked.
The revelations had forced the then Narendra Modi government in Gujarat to set up the inquiry commission headed by former high court judge Sugnya Bhatt.
Along with the woman, IAS officer Pradip Sharma, who was recently arrested in a graft case, was allegedly also snooped upon by the anti-terrorist squad (ATS) of the Gujarat police.
.

Cramer s Mad Dash: Exact surgescramer s mad dash: exact surges
From one Nobel laureate to another: Amartya Sen reacts to Kailash Satyarthis winLife-changing moment. (AP Photo/Bernat Armangue)
SHARE
Bobby Ghosh
October 10, 2014
A Nobel prize “messes up one’s life a bit, because it comes with so many commitments—but it also gives you greater opportunity to pursue those things that are valuable to you,” said Amartya Sen, reacting to the news that Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi have been named Nobel peace laureates .
Sen, a professor of economics and philosophy at Harvard University, received the 1998 Nobel in economic sciences.
Tap image to zoom
Amartya Sen won the Nobel Prize for Economics in 1998.(AP Photo/Richard Drew)
Speaking to Quartz from Geneva, Sen said he was “very happy that the award has gone to people who are making the lives of vulnerable human beings safer and better.” Of Yousafzai and Satyarthi, he added, “They are both admirable people, and the Nobel marks them out as leaders of thought in this very important area [children’s rights].”
“The fact that they are sub-continentals is a matter of celebration for me,” Sen said. Satyarthi joins him on a short roster of Indians who have been awarded Nobels . Yousafzai is the second Pakistani, after physicist Abdus Salam, who won in 1979.
Sen said he’s never met Satyarthi, but has heard and read of his work against child labor. “It is very substantive, important work,” he said.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Vodafone wins Rs 3 200-cr transfer pricing case in HCVodafone wins Rs 3 200-cr transfer pricing case in HC
Did You Know: With less than Rs 1cr profit  this stock has zoomed 5000%Hi Guest
Did You Know: With less than Rs 1cr profit, this stock has zoomed 5000%
D   The name of the company is Mahavir Advanced Remedies and the stock price has gained nearly 1,050 percent in last one year and 5,000 percent in last two years.  The stock was trading at Rs 30 one year back and is now trading around Rs 365 and two ...

DGCA grounds GoAir  Air India  private operator: reportsDGCA grounds GoAir  Air India  private operator: reports
Jan Dhan: 5.52 cr a/cs opened  deposit of Rs 4 268 crHi Guest
Jan Dhan: 5.52 cr a/cs opened, deposit of Rs 4,268 cr
The finance ministry on Friday said 5.52 crore (55.2 million) bank accounts have been opened till October 7 and deposit of Rs 4,268 crore (Rs 42.68 billion) have been mobilised under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY). "As on October 7, 2014, 5.52 crore accounts have been opened and a deposit of Rs 4,268 crore have been mobilized under PMJDY so far," the finance ministry said in a statement. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28.

India Carpet Expo inaugurated in VaranasiIndia Carpet Expo inaugurated in Varanasi
Rupee weakens against dollar to settle at 61.34Rupee weakens against dollar to settle at 61.34
Aug industry output at 0.4% as cap goods  mfg shrinkAug industry output at 0.4% as cap goods  mfg shrink
IIP Industrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4%Industrial production growth slows to 5-month low of 0.4%
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 10:  
Industrial production growth slowed down to five-month low of 0.4 per cent in August mainly due contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had also grown at a meagre rate of 0.4 per cent in August, 2013.
IIP for July was also revised downwards to 0.41 per cent from the provisional estimates of 0.5 per cent released last month, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office today.
During the April-August period of 2014-15, IIP grew at 2.8 per cent, as against flat production in same period in the previous fiscal.
According to the IIP data, manufacturing - which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index - contracted by 1.4 per cent in August, compared to 0.2 per cent decline in output a year ago. For April-August, the sector grew at 1.8 per cent, compared to 0.1 per cent contraction in the year-ago period.
The consumer goods output contracted by 6.9 per cent in August against 0.9 per cent decline logged a year ago. For April-August, the segment showed contraction of 4.9 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.6 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
The consumer durables segment declined by 15 per cent in August, as against a dip of 8.3 per cent a year ago. For April-August, it declined 12.9 per cent as against a dip of 11.2 per cent in the five month period of last fiscal.
Consumer non-durable goods output too declined by 0.9 per cent in August, compared to 5.4 per cent growth in same month last year. During April-August, the segment grew by 0.9 per cent compared to 6.8 per cent growth in same period last fiscal.
Overall, 11 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed positive growth in August.
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Speed Trap: These Cars Get the Most Traffic Ticketsspeed trap: these cars get the most traffic tickets
M&M-Peugeot scooter unit dealSave this video
Copy URL
Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Ltd, the country's largest utility vehicle maker, said its two-wheeler unit has made a binding offer to acquire a 51 per cent stake in PSA Peugeot Citroen's scooters business.
38

Canon Pixma E400 is a good printer for home usePRICE: Rs 3,899
RATING: 3.5/5
HP is aggressively advertising its home printers for quite some time now. Canon too has some offerings in this space. The new printer from Canon that we are putting to test is the E400, a multifunction inkjet printer. Good looking and compact, the E400 doesn't require much space.
Even setting up this printer is a child's play. Just unpack the printer from the box, connect it to power, insert the cartridges and connect it to the system. The paper input tray is at the back and the output tray is on the front.
Canon has also added a few controls on the top that include power key, stop, black and colour command. There are notifications for black and colour ink too. While Canon has added the driver CD to the box, the printer automatically installs the software when plugged in a Windows 7 laptop. However, I had to install the software to use it with a Windows 8 machine.
In both the systems, the drivers were installed in less than five minutes. Supporting print, copy and scan, this printer is quick to operate.
In less than 15 seconds, it managed to receive the print command and even print the document. The characters were neat and the print appeared to be good even on normal mode. I tried using the printer for photo prints but the results were not good. This printer was quick with scanning, which is good for home use.
Bag it or junk it: A good printer for home use

How BT picked Best B-schools for 2014   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
Making an impact: The MDRA team which worked on the B-school survey. (From left) Prateek Kumar, Research Executive; Avanish Kumar, Senior Research Executive; Abhishek Agrawal, Executive Director; and Abnish Jha, Research Manager. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
Ever since Business Today started the Best B-schools survey in 1998, it has been our endeavour to constantly improve the methodology to select India's top management training institutes. This year too we have made some changes to the selection process that was already very exhaustive.
Like last year, Business Today collaborated with Delhi-based market research firm Marketing & Development Research Associates (MDRA) to conduct the multi-stage survey. To begin with, an extensive desk review of MDRA's database and secondary research was conducted to select B-schools that offered two-year full-time management courses, were established at least five years ago, and churned out a minimum of three batches until the academic year ending in 2014. A list of more than 1,600 B-schools fulfilling the above criteria with their contact details was prepared. Separately, a list of B-schools offering one-year full-time Executive MBA or post-graduate programmes was also updated.
We kept weightage to each parameter same as the previous year for the sake of consistency and comparability. However, at the sub-parameter level for "Selection Process, Governance and Establishment", the weights were re-distributed in the same proportion because of the inclusion of a new element - "Governance".
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
Objective Survey: Based on these parameters and sub-parameters, we fine-tuned the objective questionnaire after incorporating the new elements. We then contacted all the B-schools that fulfilled the eligibility criteria to participate in the survey.
Looking at the changing dynamics of business education in India, we included new parameters such as Mission, Vision and Governance of B-schools. Attributes that were compared primarily included availability of members of a school's governing board, availability of the academic advisory board, interaction happened among members in last one year and what significant commission and omission happened in the course curriculum and teaching methodology. Overall, the weightages of parameters were same.
As many as 248 colleges across the country provided their objective data, compared with 213 last year. However, one of them submitted its data after the revised deadline and so was not evaluated. After receiving the objective data from institutes, we cross-checked the information provided by participating institutes carefully through available data and validation (past data, mandatory disclosure, telephonic check, asking confirmation through emails, website visits etc.). In case of insufficient or incorrect data submission by some institutes, they were contacted to provide complete and correct information.
Experience-based Perceptual Survey: This module involved administering of questionnaire to a wide variety of respondents who know the B-schools from their experience. These respondents included final-year students, deans or directors, recruiters and industry professionals, and alumni with at least two years of work experience after leaving the institute but not more than five years to ensure relevancy.
As soon as we started getting the data from the colleges, we started inviting deans, directors and the alumni seeking their opinion based on their experiences about the B-schools offering business education in India. Face-to-face interviews were conducted with the recruiters and final-year students to understand their perspective about colleges at national as well as zonal levels. A total of 1,301 respondents provided their opinion on top B-schools in 20 cities across all four zones of India. The respondents comprised 396 final-year students, 83 deans/directors, 514 alumni and 308 recruiters with rich experience.
To ensure the maximum coverage of B-schools across states and zones, a national ranking and zonal rankings were prepared and the result was clubbed in a ratio of 75:25.
Experiential Survey: To incorporate the actual contribution of B-schools to the careers of the students who graduated from those institutes, an experiential survey was conceptualized and conducted on each of the parameters and sub-parameters. The alumni from participating institutes were asked to rate their B-schools based on the contribution of the institutes to their career and life. Again, we interviewed only those alumni who had at least two years of work experience after leaving the institute but not more than five years to ensure relevancy.
Physical Audits: Intense measures were taken during verifying and validating the objective data provided by the colleges. To authenticate any suspicious data, experienced researchers at MDRA carefully examined each and every aspect of the details provided by B-schools. To further verify the authenticity of the data submitted, the researchers visited 78 B-schools (50 out of the top 100) across the country. The irregularities were removed or corrected in the final objective data.
Assigning Ranking: To give stakeholders more realistic, updated and accurate information about B-schools, MDRA collected and evaluated B-schools on the basis of current data, unlike last year when the evaluation was done on the basis of the previous years data. The rankings were assigned based on the combined scores of the perceptual survey, objective data and experiential scores.
Based on feedback from experts and to make the ranking more logical and objective we have changed the scoring pattern of a few attributes such as accreditation, bank tie-ups, student-to-faculty ratio (only permanent faculty was considered) and student's attendance.
Objective Data: Marks on each sub-parameter were calculated using the weightages that were suggested by a panel of experts. Thus, marks for every sub-parameter were arrived at and were then added to get marks for respective parameters.
Perceptual Survey: Students, deans/directors, alumni and recruiters from the industry were identified as the primary stakeholders for the perceptual survey. The perceptual scores assigned by recruiters, alumni, deans/directors and final-year students carried weights of 35 per cent, 25 per cent, 20 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. In addition, national and zonal ranking were given 75 per cent and 25 per cent weightages.
Experiential Survey: The marks on each sub-parameter were calculated using the same weightages as in objective marks calculation. This experiential data was collected from alumni of the colleges that submitted their objective data. In a few cases where we did not receive alumni response about their alma-mater, colleges were assigned marks in proportion to their objective and perceptual score. To avoid any prejudice, the final experiential scores were adjusted on the basis of the combined objective and perceptual scores of the colleges.
Arriving at combined total score: The total scores arrived from objective data, perception survey and experiential survey were added in the ratio of 50 per cent, 40 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, to arrive at the total combined score. Thus, objective data contributed 1,000 marks, the perceptual survey contributed 800 marks and the experiential survey contributed 200 marks to the total combined maximum score of 2,000 marks. The total combined scores obtained by all institutes were arranged in the descending order. The college scoring the highest marks was allotted the first rank and so on.
The ranking of B-schools offering one-year Executive MBA or post-graduate programme was based only on the perceptual data received from 308 recruiters and industry professionals and 83 deans/directors of colleges. Only colleges offering 11 to 15 months of Executive MBA or post-graduate programme were considered for ranking.

How debt loads are changing for young and old consumers(AP Photo/Butch Dill)
The kind of debt consumers take on is changing.
And the changes look very different by age, according to a TransUnion report released Wednesday that looks at the shifting make up of consumer debt loads over time. Not surprisingly, younger consumers are seeing student loans crowd out most other types of loans, says Charlie Wise, vice president in TransUnion’s Innovative Solutions Group.
For instance, student loans accounted for 36.8 percent of the total debt load for consumers ages 20 to 29 in 2014, up from the 12.9 percent reported in 2005, the study showed. Meanwhile, the share of debt due to mortgages shrank over that time period, to 42.9 percent in 2014 from 63.2 percent in 2005, as the number of young people buying homes declined. The share of debt loads from auto loans increased, to 14.1 percent from 11.6 percent in 2005.
At the other end of the age spectrum, consumers 60 and older saw their average debt loads increase for all types of loans — including student loans – likely because of their strong credit histories, Wise says.
While it is still rare for older consumers to have student loan debt — less than 5 percent of consumers in that age group have school loans, according to the report — those who did saw their average debt load grow to $27,168 in 2014 from $14,696 in 2005, similar to the average amount owed by younger consumers. (The average student loan balance for all consumers grew to $29,575 in 2014 from $17,442 in 2005.)
People in their 60s may be helping out family members with weaker credit scores, Wise says. A chunk of those loans, 42 percent, was due to older consumers co-signing on loans to help another borrower qualify, he says. But the majority of that debt is for loans taken out by a person in his 60s, either for his own education or to pay for college for a relative, he says.
A separate report released by the Pew Research Center on Tuesday found that the biggest increase in student loan borrowing over the past 20 years happened among affluent families. Middle- to high-income families saw the biggest jump in the share of college graduates who borrowed to pay for school.
Sixty two percent of 2012 graduates from upper-middle-income households left college with loans, up from 34 percent about 20 years ago, the study found. Low-income graduates were still the most likely to leave school with loans, with 77 percent of students graduating with debt in 2012, up from 67 percent in 1993.
Family income level is based on the parents’ income in the year prior to the survey. (Pew Research Center.)
Researchers said the strong increase in borrowing among the affluent may be partially due to changes that expanded the availability of student loans for well-off students. Before the 1990s, federal Stafford loans were offered only to undergraduate students who needed financial help. But once unsubsidized Stafford loans were introduced, federal loans became available to all undergraduate students regardless of their financial need, the report notes.
Some higher-income families may have also increased their borrowing after seeing their wealth damaged during the financial crisis. Some of the other sources families may have relied on before the recession, such as a home equity line of credit, may not have been as easy to access after the crisis, says Richard Fry, a senior economist with the Pew Research Center and author of the report.
Families on the lower end of the income scale may have kept borrowing levels stable by turning to less expensive universities or taking advantage of need-based grants and scholarships, he says.
Read more:

A Personal Tribute to Madibareddit
Nobel Peace Laureates were to be gathering in South Africa in the second week of October as guests of our revered colleague and brother Archbishop Desmond Tutu and former President Frederik DeKlerk. The gathering, an annual event, to be held in Cape Town, was meant as a tribute to Madiba. The meeting didn't take place.  I had already cancelled my participation as it clashed with my commitment to be in New York with the Timor-Leste Delegation to the UN General Assembly.
This is what I would have said at the Nobel Laureates meeting in Cape Town.
I first came to South Africa in 1995 after Mandela's release. I had never set foot in Apartheid South Africa.
The ANC had just resurfaced from decades of a harsh underground struggle and demands on them were overwhelming. But I met a still young ANC activist called Robert MacBride who seemed to have easy access to Madiba. I told him, "I am not leaving South Africa until I see Mandela. I can wait weeks, months, no problem."
I had originally been accompanied by three other colleagues; impatient from the waiting, two colleagues had given up, each leaving to their next destination. Only the indefatigable Roque Rodrigues resisted with me and stayed put in South Africa, not budging. Roque is the only Marxist we have left in Timor-Leste.  Everyone else has transitioned to moderate socialism or to very profitable business deals.
As it turned out we didn't have to wait weeks or months. While waiting somewhere out of town at Robert MacBride's country home, a phone call came informing us that President Mandela would see us in two hours time. So we rushed back to Johannesburg in time to meet with that giant of humanity.
Arriving at Mandela's private mansion we were escorted upstairs and into Madiba's bedroom. There he was, Nelson Mandela, world's hero, stretched on his bed. He smiled broadly at me and said: "I heard you wanted to see me and would wait weeks, months if necessary. Well, I presume you have lots of work to do for your people. I didn't want you to wait around, wasting your time. So I decided to see you right away as soon as I got out of the hospital."
I wondered then how many, if any non-intimate family people have, had been invited into this very private room. And I was literally an unknown entity outside left-wing and some Church circles. And back then, I was a relatively unknown person except in activist circles.
But there was Mandela, his long slim, aged figure stretched on the bed, in the intimacy of his bedroom; he had been hospitalized for a knee surgery and had just been released.
We talked for quite a while. I briefed him about the situation in Timor-Leste and about our Resistance Leader Xanana Gusmao's imprisonment in Jakarta. As I knew Mandela was going to visit Indonesia soon, I pleaded with him to intercede with the Indonesian President to release Xanana from prison.
Occasionally some children, I presumed they were his grandchildren, would come running into the room and Madiba would caress their hair and face. We left only when his doctor told the president he had to rest.
I couldn't help noticing a black and white portrait of a woman on his bedside. It was a nice portrait of Graca Machel. There were rumors circulating at that time that Mandela was "dating" Graca Machel, widow of Mozambique's President, Samora M. Machel, killed 10 years earlier.
President Machel's executive jet crashed into the mountains as it approached Maputo. It was known to all that this was the work of white South Africa's intelligence service.
I met Mandela again a few months later. I was in Lisbon when a message reached me saying Mandela wanted to talk to me over the phone. I waited and 10 minutes later the phone rang again and it was Mandela himself.
He said: "When can you come to South Africa?" I answered: "Whenever Madiba tells me to come." He replied: "Tonight?"
I responded: "I will try. I have to book a flight." Madiba responded: "We have booked a flight for you. Just go to the airport." So I did and upon arriving I was taken again to see Mandela.
He had just returned from a State Visit to Indonesia and he wanted to brief me on his talks with the Indonesian leader. But what was most extraordinary was that Mandela asked his Indonesian host, President Suharto of Indonesia, to allow Xanana Gusmao to get out of prison for a meal and this request was granted. Xanana Gusmao was taken from his prison cell to the "Presidential Guest House" for a dinner meeting with Mandela!
This is my memory of Madiba. This is my tribute to him.
Follow José Ramos-Horta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JoseRamosHorta
More:

Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Market Top Gainers/Losers  Gold price  more on October 08  2014Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Market Top Gainers/Losers, Gold price, more on October 08, 2014
Thu Oct 09 2014, 10:02 hrs
Indian rupee vs US dollar. Rising for third straight session, the rupee today gained three paise to close at 61.40 against the dollar on strong selling pressure on US currency from banks and exporters as oil prices dropped amid weak global cues. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. In highly volatile trade, the BSE benchmark Sensex today lost 25 points to close at fresh two-month low of 26,246.79, as IT stocks, particularly Infosys, were battered after Citigroup downgraded India's second largest software exporter, amid persistent fund outflows. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the Sensex slipped further to touch the day's low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows, tracking weak global cues. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off early losses and the barometer rose to day's high of 26,338.31. It settled at 26,246.79, 25.18 points lower than its previous close, completing the third straight session of losses. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold prices rallied further at the domestic bullion market here today due to increased demand from stockists and retailers amid good investment off-take. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

HTC will consolidate in mid-segment before next Sub-Rs 10 000 smartphone launch: CFOPrint
HTC is expected to announce the RE camera in Mumbai next week. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:36 pm
HTC will continue to consolidate its growth in the mid-range smartphone segment in India before bringing in a value device in the sub-Rs 10,000 category by the end of this year, said Chia-Lin Chang, President of Global Sales and Chief Financial Officer of HTC Corporation.
Speaking to select mediapersons soon after the launch of the HTC Desire EYE smartphone with dual 13MP cameras and the new HTC RE handheld camera, Chang said the importance of the Indian market for the Taiwanese smartphone maker can be fathomed by the fact that it is the only makret where he personally lauches new devices. HTC is expected to announce the RE camera, a new product category for the company, in Mumbai next week along with the HTC Desire 820, which will come with the Eye camera software update.
Chang said he company was near a 5 per cent market share in the Indian smartphone market and on part to achieve its goal of 10 per cent by 2015. “Everyone of our product is designed with the Indian consumer in market, while some are tailor-made for India and then taken to other markets,” he said. “I don’t think it is difficult to achieve our targets as we understand that the Indian consumer likes the HTC design and premium feel. In fact, our mid-range Desire 816 is selling better than the entry-level HTC Desire 210.” he said, adding that they will continue to play strong in the Rs 10,000 to Rs 30,000 segment.
“We will participate in the sub-Rs 10,000 segment but will not go very low. We don’t want to create something that is not a good experience,” he said, adding that a phone in this segment can be expected from the company in the coming months. “We will focus on the brand promise and will not be just about about design or hardware. We also want to ensure that our price stability is maintained so that a person investing in our phones sees the value.”
Chang also hinted that HTC would be part of the tablet market soon. There are rumours that HTC is working on a 9-inch Nexus tablet with Google.
Meanwhile, HTC chairwoman Cher Wang reiterated that entering new product categories does not mean the company was moving away from smartphones. “The smartphone will be the hub that enables the smart self,” she said. But there is a clear indication that HTC is looking at other segments like wearables with the CEO Peter Chou saying that the RE camera was just the beginning.
The author is in New York on the invite of HTC.

Obamas options in Syria are deterioratingObama’s Syria choices go from bad to worse
By Philip Stephens
The world’s most powerful leader has a blind spot about the exercise of power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c5476e0-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nine airports to have e-visa facility this monthNine airports to have e-visa facility this month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 21:54 IST
In a move to boost tourism, nine airports equipped with e-visa facilities will be operational for 13 countries including USA and South Korea and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to launch it this month.
In order to give a major boost to tourism in India, the facility of Electronic Travel Authorisation (e-Visa) would be introduced at nine airports in the country where necessary infrastructure are being put in place, sources in government said.
The authorisation facility would be operational at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Goa, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Trivandrum and Kochi airports in the first phase and will be extended to other airports later.
The date of its launch will be decided shortly, they said.
In the 2014-15 Union Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley acknowledged the importance of tourism as a major job creator and announced the government's intention to relax the existing visa regime.
Besides tourists from USA and South Korea, visitors from all 11 countries which have been given visa on arrival facility are being covered under the e-visa scheme.
Currently visa-on-arrival facility is extended to Japan, Singapore, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Indonesia, Finland, Myanmar, Vietnam, Cambodia, Luxembourg and Laos.

Some blame ECB s Draghi for sell-offBlame Draghi for sell-off? You're not alone.
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 3:56 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi takes part in a discussion on “The European Central Bank (ECB) and the Eurozone” at the Brookings Institution in Washington,DC on Oct. 9, 2014. (Photo: AFP/Nicholas Kamm/Getty Images)
ECB President Mario Draghi put a floor under a jittery stock market in July 2012 when he said: “The ECB is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro. Believe me, it will be enough.” On Thursday, investors weren’t so sure.
Way back when, Draghi’s famous quote, made at the Global Investment Conference in London on July 26, 2012, gave market participants the courage to look through the eurozone’s debt crisis, battered economy and soaring bond yields in places like Spain. The Dow rallied 212 points that day to 12,887.93. The blue-chip gauge never really looked back, and hit a record closing high of 17,279.74 on Sept. 19. From the day of the Draghi speech to the peak three weeks ago, the Dow rose 4,391 points, or 34.1%.
But the words that came out of Draghi’s mouth Thursday had just the opposite effect on the Dow. The blue-chip stock gauge suffered its biggest loss since June 2013 after Draghi said there are signs the euro-area’s economic growth is slowing and policymakers must lift inflation from an “excessively low” level. The problem is he offered no assurances like the “believe me it will be enough” quote from two years ago.
The Dow closed down 335 points.
Many Wall Street pros fingered Draghi as a cause of today’s bloodbath on Wall Street, asserting that Draghi has not taken bold enough steps to jump-start the eurozone’s sinking economy, a development that could eventually drag down U.S. growth as well.
“Today showed Emperor Draghi has no clothes,” says David Kotok, chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors.
Draghi no longer is viewed as Superman, and the fortunes of Europe appear dimmer amid investors’ shrinking confidence in the ECB chief.
“The market headed lower on Europe’s economic prospects,” says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank. “But selling accelerated when Draghi felt that Europe is heading lower.  This is a stark reversal in rhetoric from a permanently upbeat ECB president.”
The new risk is the eurozone doesn’t come out of its tailspin and sinks into a downward deflationary spiral. That potential outcome is fanning fears of a major global slowdown, and Wall Street is repricing stocks to reflect that reality.
“To a large extent, investors have been working under the assumption that the European economy will follow the path that the U.S. economy has taken out of the Great Recession,” says Erik Davidson, deputy chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. “Probably an increasingly important question for investors to be considering is: ‘What is the risk that the European economy follows the path of Japan and what would be the impact on global economic conditions?’ ”
 

Explaining Gentrification#185743031 / gettyimages.com
Photo Credit: Getty Images
Gentrification: It's the word of the decade if not the last few decades.  It's been associated with such neighborhoods and cities as Harlem, Washington D.C., and Downtown Los Angeles.  While the repercussions of gentrification are easy to see: the rise of cafes, art exhibits, nicer streets, a higher police presence and a wealthier community, the process by which gentrification takes place and it's more insidious effects have yet to be explored.  In order to analyze the effects of gentrification, one must first understand the process by which it comes about.  Gentrification follows three stages: pseudo gentrification, inflation, and actualized gentrification.
Pseudo gentrification can most easily be understood as the movement of artist, bohemians, and young professionals, and the associated business they bring: cafes, art exhibits, theater, and bike shops into communities.  These new residents serve as scions of culture increasing the quality of leisurely events available to residents.  As many artists and bohemians tend to be on the lower end of the income scale and require a large enough clientele base to fund their endeavors, they both rely on and are attracted to densely populated areas with low costs of living.  This is a difficult pairing to find as urban neighborhoods are known for their high rents and mortgages.  In order to combat this, many artist, bohemians and young people choose to take on roommates to lessen the cost of living and allow for a higher amount of discretionary income to enjoy the leisure activities which their communities bring.
In response to apartments being populated by not one, but instead several people, landlords raise rents.  This proportionately leads to the increase in value of all surrounding real estate.  Thereby further economically restricting those of low income brackets to rent.  After the multiple tenants leave the apartment, the inflated rate remains if not increases.  This leaves behind a higher expense for future renters, who are then further motivated to take on roommates to counteract the cost.  This continues until the amount of roommates required by these low income individuals becomes intolerable to either tenants or the landlord.  At this point, tenants either choose to or are forced to find new living arrangements in cheaper neighborhoods often leading to pseudo gentrification and inflation being started in another community.
While the high price of living will detract certain communities, it will attract others.  Many affluent individuals are attracted to places with high cost of living for their socio-economic and culturally segregating properties.  The movement of affluent individuals into communities which were previously populated by young professionals, artist, and bohemians is known as actualized gentrification.  What separates pseudo gentrification from actualized gentrification is the ability by those belonging to the latter group to actually afford their lifestyle while being able to pay inflated rates and mortgages.  While the former group struggles to live a life of affluence, the latter can comfortably compete.
The migration of the young artistic populace out of cities replaced by an older, more affluent and more homogenous populace leads to a shift in culture and the commodification of the bohemian and multi-faceted culture that originally attracted people to the city.  These areas then become akin to upscale and more densely populated suburbs -- homogenous, affluent, and focused on consumerism.  While some consider gentrification progress it makes others cringe.  One real estate developer and longtime resident of Manhattan New York, Leong Diong, compared the process to colonialism; it displaces the indigenous cultures of New York with a homogenous entitled elite.
Follow Jeremy Bamidele on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JournalistinLA
More:

5 reasons stocks are tanking  againEMAIL
The Dow takes investors on another wild roller coaster ride Thusday. (Paul Ruben)
The roller coaster ride on Wall Street kicked into a new gear Thursday, with the Dow suffering a downward spiral of more than 300 points — its third straight day of 200-plus point moves. the longest streak since August 2011.
The Dow’s big downdraft comes on the heels of Wednesday’s 275-point rally, which was its biggest of the year. Still, the Dow is exhibiting volatility not seen since the summer of 2011, when stocks got hit hard after a rating agency downgraded the USA’s gold-plated AAA credit rating. The Dow has now moved more than 200 points in five of the seven trading sessions since the start of October. Wall Street fears October, of course, because it has been the month where stocks have suffered their biggest one-day crashes, including 1929 and 1987.
The Dow closed down 334.97 points — its biggest one-day point drop since June 20, 2013 — or 1.97% to 16,659.25.
So what’s causing all the angst on Wall Street, less than three weeks after it hit its last record high?
1. Global growth fears. Wall Street fears that the slowdown in economies around the globe, especially the eurozone, will worsen and drag down demand for products and services around the globe, and hurt the profitability of U.S. corporations. Couple those growth fears with anxiety over when the Federal Reserve will start raising interest rates next year, and you get a great deal of anxiety over the growth outlook.
“The market is headed lower on Europe’s economic prospects,” says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
2. Stock charts looking ugly. Wall Street often watches key levels on major stock indexes, such as the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 st0ck index, for signs of support, or a floor under stock prices. But today, the key 1950 level on the large-company stock index did not hold, and selling picked up after that key level gave way. Today, the S&P 500 closed down 40.68 points, or 2.1% to 1928.21.
It is not just high-octane small-company stocks or momentum stocks getting creamed.
“If you look underneath the surface, the market is in much worse shape,” says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. “This (selloff) is the popular indices following” to the downside.
The next key level to watch is roughly 1905, or the average price of the index over the last 200 days. The so-called 200-day moving is a key indicator, as a drop below that key level is a sign the long-term uptrend has been broken.
3. ECB powers questioned. Back in July 2012, European Central Bank president Mario Draghi put a floor under global markets when he basically said the ECB “would do whatever it takes” to keep the eurozone intact. But Draghi actually spooked markets today when he said in a speech that the eurozone economy is slowing and warned that policy makers must boost inflation from an “excessively low” level. The worry is that the ECB is behind the so-called curve. Wall Street wants Draghi to launch a U.S.-style sovereign bond-buying program to boost demand and jump-start the eurozone economy. But Draghi has not made that aggressive move.
“Today showed Emporer Draghi has no clothes,” says David Kotok, chief investment officer  at Cumberland Advisors.
4. Selloff in commodities. The commodity complex, which includes energy, has been getting whacked with heavy selling, which is hurting shares of energy stocks and other commodity plays. In fact, a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude has sunk below the $90 level for the first time in more than two years. A barrel of Texas Intermediate crude tumbled to nearly 2% today to $85.87 a barrel.
“It’s oil, oil, oil,” says Andy Busch, editor and publisher of The Busch Update, a financial newsletter.
5. The market was due for a selloff. Earlier this week, the S&P 500 celebrated the third anniversary of its last official correction, defined as a drop of 10% from a recent high. There is a feeling that the stock market, which peaked three Fridays ago on the day Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba celebrated its recordbreaking initial public offering, was tired, fatigued, overbought and overloved — and that a sizable pullout was needed to reduce the froth.
Says Donald Luskin, chief investment officer at TrendMacro: “It’s just a reversal of yesterday’s reversal – this happens during market corrections, when investors hang on every word looking for direction. Today the stock market took another look at yesterday’s Fed meeting minutes and said, “Hmmm. I guess they didn’t really say anything so bullish after all. What was I thinking?”
Yesterday, the Dow enjoyed its best day of the year after the Fed noted that global growth woes were a risk, which investors first interpreted bullishly, as it suggests the Fed won’t be in any rush to hike interest rates next year.
 

Cairn India shares fall on HSBC downgradeCairn India shares fall over 3 per cent post HSBC downgrade
Indulal PM        Last Updated: October 13, 2014  | 16:07 IST
Cairn India Plant (Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Cairn India fell 3.2 per cent on Friday after HSBC downgraded the stock of oil and gas exploration company to "underweight" from "neutral".
The financial services major said that production from key oil field in Rajasthan will peak in fiscal year 2016.
Taking into account other production forecasts, HSBC said Cairn's earnings may have already peaked in fiscal year 2014.
(Reuters)

Singapore s Temasek to Buy Rs 500-Crore Stake in Devyani: ReportKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Temasek Holdings has agreed to invest Rs 500 crore ($82 million) to buy a stake in Devyani International, operator of KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee chains in India, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use Rs 100 crore to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank.
The rest would be a direct purchase in the restaurant chain operator, the sources added, declining to specify the percentage stake that Temasek would acquire.
"The deal is done and an announcement is likely very soon," one of the sources said.
Devyani International operates more than 300 outlets of restaurant and coffee chains including Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee in India and other southeast Asian countries, according to its website.
Temasek and ICICI Venture declined to comment, while Devyani International officials did not immediately return phone calls seeking comments.
Private equity funds have invested $4.6 billion in India so far this year, compared with $3.1 billion in 2013, Thomson Reuters data showed. Consumer-related investments contributed to a fifth of the total private equity inflows so far this year.
($1 = 61.0200 rupees)

European equity slide caps volatile weekS&P 500 closes at lowest level since May
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94134c32-5026-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Further improvement in Infosys  earnings growth seen: Deven ChokseyFurther improvement in Infosys' earnings growth seen: Deven Choksey
Tulemino Antao | Tulemino Antao Oct 10, 2014 03:17 PM IST
Deven Choksey, MD & CEO, K R Choksey Securities shares his view with Tulemino Antao post second quarter earnings from Infosys
What is your reading on second quarter earnings from Infosys and what key factors have been responsible for the same?
The second quarter earnings from Infosys has been encouraging because of growth in constant currency terms, dollar currency terms and also in rupee terms.
Infosys continues to remain conservative with single-digit revenue and dollar revenue growth guidance for the current fiscal. What is your view on this?
Further improvement in growth suggests that it could go into double digit eventually with the focus on deploying innovative platforms and technologies and along with that acquisition of product and businesses in the IT space would lead to higher inorganic growth.
The company has posted 100 basis point sequential expansion in its operating profit margin. Will the company able to sustain margin growth at the current pace going forward?
This has lot to do with the past where IT majors have been fighting for common businesses which Infosys refuses to take on because of the margin pressure. So they ended up maintaining the margins which compromised their growth. However, it could now change with focus shifting to innovative product and technologies.
Although the company had a huge cash pile on its books for long what is your opinion on the surprising announcement of an bonus issue?
There is a marked improvement in confidence as reflected from the corporate actions. Interim dividend along with a 1:1 bonus share issue suggests that the company wants to distribute more rewards to shareholders and in turn effectively passing on the cash they are holding in the balance sheet.
Further, will EPS come under pressure because of expanded equity post the bonus issue with recent reports of global growth slowdown since the company derives most its revenues from exports?
The bonus issue and eventual increase in equity reflects the confidence of the management under the newly appointed CEO and MD Vishal Sikka to deliver high growth, which will take care of equity expansion.
Utilisation rates have been very encouraging at around 82% (excluding trainees). On the other hand attrition rate has edged up to 20% during the quarter. What is your take on the same?
Utilisation has improved largely because of the new contracts that the company has signed up in the recent past. It has started improving the activities and hence the utilisation. As far as attrition is concerned it is mostly related to the recent past following an exodus of top management personnel which also led to resignations by lower management cadre.
Finally, valuations for Infosys have remained stagnant because of growth concerns in the past. However, with signs of earnings growth do you see re-rating of the stock going forward?
Infosys is quoting at a lower P/E whereas some of its peers are quoting much higher. Infosys is now available at attractive valuations. Should they return to higher growth valuations will be extremely rewarding to shareholders.
What is your take on the IT sector and what is your view on the broader market?
With signs of pick up in the demand environment for the IT sector most of the positives seem to have been priced in following gains in stock prices of IT majors.
Near term trend for the market will be dictated by global cues and a mild correction is likely with support for the Nifty seen at 7,800. However, any correction should be used as a buying opportunity to accumulate fundamentally sound stocks. Further, stock specific action will be seen post the earnings announcement.

Global cues making Sensex move  and FIIs are bearish: What nextGlobal cues making Sensex move, and FIIs getting bearish: A worry?
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.01PM IST
(FIIs, which were largely…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which were largely responsible for over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, have become net sellers of Indian equities in the last ten trading sessions.
As per provisional data, FIIs have sold net of Rs -6157.49 crore in the last ten trading sessions, while DIIs or domestic institutional investors remain net buyers with investments to the tune of Rs 4670.19 crore.
In line with other Asian as well as European markets, the Indian markets are also facing global jitters, which most analysts think are more of a short-term phenomenon and the broader trend remains on the upside.
Signs of recession in Europe, slowdown in China and uncertainty over the US Federal Reserve interest rate hike kept global investors on the edge over the past couple of weeks.
");document.close();})();' frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="110">
"We have got a bunch of things going, but the fact is we have got a significantly improved macro like Brent has cracked 90 and is now potentially heading lower," said Gautam Trivedi, MD &Head Equities, Religare Capital Markets.
"You have got an improving inflation situation, and overall macro data is significantly better now than it was at the same time last year. So, this is a consolidation phase and after a pause, the market will actually start trending higher again," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends day 339 pts down; Nifty @ 7 859Infosys surges on strong Q2 PAT, bonus shares; top Sensex gainer
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 10, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(Infosys reported a consolidated…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys surged over 7 per cent in trade on Friday, after the company beat PAT estimates and announced bonus shares in ratio of 1:1. The stock also hit its all-time high of Rs 3908.
After making an all-time high, it ended the day up 6.68 per cent at Rs 3888.95.
The company also maintained its FY15 revenue guidance at 7-9 per cent.
Infosys reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 3096 crore for the quarter ended September 30, up 7.27 per cent, from Rs 2886 crore in previous quarter. The net profit is better than ET Now poll estimate of Rs 2864.4 crore.
"Digital transformation is reshaping the business of every one of our clients. We see this as a great opportunity to help them renew the core of their business as well as to expand into new frontiers and are seeing early positive results, said Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Our strategy is to apply the same principles to our own business in order to capture this opportunity and accelerate our growth, within our culture of lifelong learning and purposeful work."
EBIT margins improved to 26.1 per cent from 25.14 per cent, Q-o-Q.
Net sales in rupee terms increased to Rs 13,342 crore, up 4.4 per cent, from Rs 12,770 crore in previous quarter.
Net sales in dollar terms increased to $ 2,201 million, up 3.1 per cent, from $ 2133 in previous quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks fear of online competitors risesOctober 10, 2014 1:31 am
Banks fear rise of online competitors
By Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce06f15a-4f90-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In pics: Kailash Satyarthi  an activist at workComments
Kailash Satyarthi, co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014, has freed tens of thousands of Indian children forced into slavery by businessmen, land-owners and others. Satyarthi, who was trained as an electrical engineer, founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan or Save the Childhood Movement in 1980. Satyarthi, who was trained as an electrical engineer, founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan or Save the Childhood Movement in 1980. Here are images of Satyarthi and his work at Bachpan Bachao Andolan.
  
Bachpan Bachao Andolan was India’s first civil society campaign against the exploitation of children.
 
BBA was set up in 1980 and to date has touched the lives of 80,000 young people.
Showing great personal courage, Kailash Satyarthi, maintaining Gandhi's tradition, has headed various forms of protests and demonstrations, all peaceful, focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain.
One of the key initiatives of BBA is its Bal Mitra Gram (BMG) programme, an innovative development model to combat child labour, protect child rights and ensure access to quality education to all.
Through a number of training programmes, Satyarthi also helps children sold to pay their parents' debts to find new lives and serve as agents of prevention within their communities.
Since the model’s inception in 2001, BBA has transformed 356 villages as child friendly villages across 11 states of India.
Kailash Satyarthi has been a relentless crusader of child rights for years now.
The children of these villages attend school, participate in bal panchayat (child governance bodies), yuwa mandals (youth groups) and mahila mandal and interact regularly with the gram panchayat.
In BMGs, BBA ensures that children up to the age of 14 have access to free, universal and quality education and schools have proper infrastructure so that girls don’t drop out. It also works with local communities to address local traditions like child marriages that disempower girls.
Signalling a larger intent behind jointly awarding the prize, the Nobel Committee said it “regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism.”
 
The struggle against suppression and for the rights of children and adolescents contributes to the realization of the “fraternity between nations” that Alfred Nobel mentions in his will as one of the criteria for the Nobel Peace Prize, it said.
 
The rivalry between India and Pakistan is among the world’s most intractable border disputes, one that is seen as a major source of instability in South Asian. The two countries have fought three wars since their independence from Britain in 1947.
 

Amazon Offers Up To 40% Off on iPhones; Sold Off in HoursYou are here: Home Industries
Amazon Offers Up To 40% Off on iPhones; Sold Off in Hours
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: October 10, 2014 16:15 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
E-commerce giant Amazon on Friday offered Apple iPhones for discounts up to 40 per cent as part of its festive sale offer. The iPhones flew off the shelves in a matter of hours and most of the variants were out of stock by noon. The Amazon India sale started at 7 am.
Amazon launched its 'Diwali Dhamaka Week' sale on Friday. The sale that is offering discounts up to 70 per cent across products like mobile phones, watches, books, electronic gadgets will last till October 16.
"New deals every hour between 7am to 6pm, over the next 7 days," Amazon India tweeted.
While the Apple iPhone 5s (Gold, 16GB) was available at a discount of 29 per cent for Rs 37,800, the iPhone 4s (White, 8GB) had a 40 per cent discount at Rs 18,868. However, most of the iPhones were sold out by noon on Friday, with only few stocks of variants like the iPhone 5c (8GB) remaining, which had discounts up to 26 per cent.
Most of Amazon's other offerings also went out of stock by noon. Rival Flipkart too had recently sold off most of its products in the offing as part of its "Big Billion day" sale, by noon. The sale started at 8 am on Monday.
Flipkart and Snapdeal on Monday sold products worth an estimated Rs 600 crore each even as customers complained about technical glitches. Flipkart later issued an official apology to its customers.
Amazon too had a pre-Diwali sale to compete with its rivals. However, it did not give out sales figures.
(With inputs from PTI)

Amazon Reported to Be Eyeing Physical StoreAmazon Reported to Be Eyeing Physical Store
 
Morning Money Memo …
ABC News’ John Kapetaneas reports:
Is Amazon trying it’s hand at bricks-and-mortar retail? The online powerhouse may have plans to open an outlet in a high-traffic location in New York City, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The site, located across from the Empire State Building in Midtown Manhattan, reportedly might serve as a distribution center and showcase for products, as well as a location for customers to pick up and return items.
The site was expected to open before the end-of-the-year holiday season, the Journal reported.
However, in a statement, Amazon said, “We have made no announcements about a location in Manhattan.”
Wall Street Indicators Look Shaky
The Wall Street roller coaster looked poised for another day of downswings before markets opened this morning. Dow futures were down more than 300 points as of 7 a.m., on the heels of Thursday’s 334 point drop.
Markets worldwide were down across the board before U.S. markets opened, with exchanges in Japan, Germany, India, Italy and Hong Kong seeing triple digit losses for the day.
Despite the Federal Reserve’s indication that interest rate hikes were not in the immediate future, dismal IMF data on European growth coupled with a further slipping of the German economy sent European markets sharply lower for the week.
“We have a long list of things to be worried about in the world this morning,” said Art Hogan, managing director and chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. “Ebola, Russia-Ukraine, air strikes and now a slowing Europe. European markets are down sharply this morning and that weakness will undoubtedly spill over onto U.S. markets at the open.”
Meanwhile, crude oil prices continued to fall, dropping $2.70 to $84.61 per barrel, bringing lower gas prices at the pump nationwide. Precious metals were climbing climb on the falling equities. Gold was up nearly $16 per ounce today, and has gained in four of the past five days.
Hackers Hit Dairy Queen
Ice cream giant Dairy Queen was the latest company to be targeted by data hackers. The company said Thursday that it’s payment systems had been breached in August and September, putting customer personal information and credit/debit card numbers at risk. The breach was said to encompass nearly 400 Dairy Queen locations.
Self-Driving Car Details
The self-driving car is not here yet, but Thursday night’s presentation by automaker Tesla moved the possibility of a consumer-ready auto-car forward even further. The company unveiled several new features to its $70,000+ luxury Model S, including an “auto pilot” system that automatically parks the vehicle in a driveway, and can move it over a lane when the turn signal is on. The car also feature smart cameras that react to speed limit signs and an integrated safety system. While self-driving car fans may have come away disappointed Thursday night, CEO Elon Musk said additional features will be added over time.
Box Office Battle
It will be a busy weekend at the box office. A slew of opening day pictures will vie with last week’s top grossing film, “Gone Girl,” which some analysts expect will remain in the No. 1 spot for a second weekend in a row. Disney’s family comedy “Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day” will compete with Universal’s “Dracula Untold” and the Robert Downey Jr. film, “The Judge,” each expected to bring in anywhere between $10 million and $20 million.

Delhi HC orders INLD chief Chautala to go back to jail tomorrowINLD chief Chautala to go back to jail today
Soibam Rocky Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 15:26 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:23 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
The Delhi high court on Friday cut short INLD leader Om Prakash Chautala’s campaign for the Haryana election and ordered him back to the high-security Tihar jail, where he is serving a 10-year term in a teacher recruitment scandal.
The court asked the former Haryana chief minister to surrender by Saturday and was critical of him for violating bail conditions — granted on plea of ill-health — by campaigning extensively for the October 15 election.
“You (Chautala) cannot take the court for a ride and cannot be permitted to question the majesty, dignity and decorum of this court,” justice Siddharth Mridul said. The court had on a number of occasions extended the bail first granted in May 2013.
After Cong, BJP misusing CBI: Abhay Chautala
With three days to go for the voting, it remains to be seen if the order will have a bearing on the fortunes of the Indian National Lok Dal, eyeing a comeback in the northern state.
The party has been counting on Chautala, its senior-most leader, to take on an aggressive BJP and capitalise on the anti-incumbency faced by the ruling Congress.
But, Chautala in jail may also translate into sympathy votes for the INLD that has considerable influence over Jat voters, expected to influence the outcome in at least 25 of the 90 assembly seats.
 In fact, the INLD accused the BJP of misusing the CBI to keep Chautala away from people.
His battery of lawyers, led by Ram Jethmalani, tried to convince the court to allow the 79-year-old to stay out of jail till Monday. But the court refused relief. “Let him surrender tomorrow. Let’s not bargain over this,” it said.
In an earlier hearing, the court had set October 17 as the date for surrender. In a plea filed Thursday, the CBI said Chautala be asked to return to jail immediately as he was busy holding poll rallies in violation of bail conditions.
Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others were sentenced to 10-year jail term on January 2013 for illegally recruiting 3,206 junior teachers. The former CM has challenged the judgment in the high court and a verdict is awaited.
Earlier in the day, Chautala appeared before a special CBI judge in a 2006 disproportionate assets case, which will now come up for hearing on October 30.
(With inputs from Avantika Mehta, Kumar Uttam)

Forex reserves fall to five month low at $31...You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Forex reserves fall to five month low at $311 billion
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.59PM IST
Tags:
Federal Reserve
(The reserves fell by $2755…)
KOLKATA: India's foreign exchange reserves fell for the fifth straight week to $311.427 billion, a five month low, due to a dip in valuation as US greenback appreciated globally against other currencies.
The reserves fell by $2755 billion in the week to October 3, perhaps also due sale of dollars by Reserve Bank of India amid talks of withdrawal of the US quantitative easing .
In the last five weeks, reserves fell by about $7.2 billion as the rupee came under pressure due to dollar's global strength. Withdrawal of monetary easing by the Federal Reserve would make US bonds more attractive and lure investors from emerging markets.
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, fell by $1.804 billion to $285.589 billion. Reserves held in gold fell by $920 million to $20.013 billion.
The Federal Reserve has now deferred its tightening programme to next year, helping rupee to regain some of its lost ground this week. The currency closed at 61.31 a dollar Friday, stronger from its weekly low of 61.40.
The Fed has kept its short-term interest rates at 0% since the end of 2008, when the global financial crisis hit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall St expects Republican mid-term winWall Street predicts GOP mid-term victory
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 10, 2014: 8:29 AM ET
Investors are betting that Republicans retake the Senate in November.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
As the midterm elections draw near, Wall Street is buying the ticker symbol "GOP."
"Markets expect Republicans to retake Senate control," asserted Fred Dickson, chief investment strategist at D.A. Davidson & Company. He said that if that doesn't happen, stocks could experience a short-term correction in the days following the election.
The notion that the stock market is already pricing in a Republican victory probably has less to do with investors' savvy political insight and more to do with the latest polling data, which suggests that the Senate math is becoming increasingly dire for Democrats .
Which companies could come out on top? A few sectors stand to benefit directly from the GOP controlling Congress, according to Greg Valliere, Chief Political Strategist for The Potomac Research Group, a firm that provides political analysis for investors.
Related: Top 10 companies lobbying Washington
He claims that the biggest election pure play is medical device makers, which are currently subject to a 2.3% tax to help fund Obamacare. Republicans have vowed to repeal the tax, a move that even some Democrats are on board with.
Defense stocks could also get a boost from a Republican Senate triumph, Valliere believes, because Republicans are generally more willing to allocate greater funds to the military and roll back any forced spending cuts hurting the defense budget.
In terms of the broader market, Valliere alleges that there's a real chance of corporate tax reform with Republicans dominating Congress, something that Wall Street would undoubtedly cheer.
An Internal Revenue Service holiday that would allow U.S. companies to bring back some of the cash they have parked overseas would be a real boon to the market, Valliere said. He cautioned that an overhaul in the individual tax code is probably unlikely.
Related: Wall Street wants tax holiday to be a QE4
Obama's legacy reforms won't change: Of course, even if Republicans do end up with a Senate majority, Democrats still have the White House, so it's unlikely that Washington's dysfunction will be magically cured anytime soon.
Valliere contends that regardless of what Republicans may want, Obama's signature legislative achievements such as Obamacare and Dodd-Frank financial reform aren't going anywhere.
"That train has left the station," he quipped.
Still, a Senate sweep could give Republicans even more momentum heading into the 2016 presidential season. After all, Obama won in 2008 after Democrats gained control of Congress in the 2006 midterm elections.
Related: How startups are tackling D.C.'s poverty problem
A Republican Senate also means that the GOP would have more leadership roles on prominent congressional committees, which would allow them to pressure the President on certain issues, particularly in regards to energy and the environment, Dickson said.
For example, he cited the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline, a project that the Obama has blocked based on environmental grounds but that Republicans say will provide much needed jobs and energy.
Expect minimal impact on the overall market: At the end of the day, any negative market reaction from Democrats retaining control of the Senate will most likely be short lived. The Dow lost over 300 points the day after Romney lost to Obama in 2012, but it rebounded rather quickly and then resumed its record run.
 
Boo! October is often scary for stocks
Most of the investment strategists polled recently in a CNNMoney survey categorically said that the election won't have an impact on stocks. "All things considered it doesn't leave Congress any different than it is today," Dickson said.
But contrary to public perceptions about a broken Beltway that can't agree on anything except when to shut down, Valliere insists that having the executive and legislative branches split by party lines is actually a good thing for stocks. He pointed to the bull market of the 1990s when Bill Clinton was in the White House and the Republicans ran Congress.
"The markets have wised up," he said. "Divided government in general is something the markets are happy to live with because it can do less harm."
First Published: October 10, 2014: 7:40 AM ET
Most Popular

India s forex falls by $2.75 bnIndia s forex falls by $2.75 bn
The Week That Was - October 07 to 10  2014The Week That Was - October 07 to 10  2014
Burdwan blast: National Investigation Agency registerscasePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 7:03 pm
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday registered a case to probe the bomb blast in Burdwan in West Bengal in which the role of terror groups is suspected.
The decision was taken after the Centre decided to entrust the investigation to the agency without taking consent of the West Bengal government by invoking a special provision in NIA Act that arms the Centre with powers to initiate NIA probe of terror cases anywhere in the country.
This is the second time since NIA’s inception in 2008 that this provision has been used.
Section 6(5) of the National Investigation Agency Act, 2008, empowers the Centre to suo motu direct the agency to investigate a Scheduled offence committed anywhere in India.
UPA had invoked this provision for the first time for taking over the investigations in the murder of former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi from Madhya Pradesh government as his name had surfaced in Malegaon blasts involving right wing terrorists.
The NIA registered a case in the national capital on Friday and will ask West Bengal government to hand over all the evidence collected by its CID department.
NIA registered the case under various sections of Indian Penal Code including the provision for waging war against the country, Explosive Substances Act, and various sections of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, a statement of NIA said.
The case pertains to an explosion in a rented house at Khagragarh, on October 2 which led to the death of two persons believed to be members of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh and it is being investigated by NIA Kolkata Branch, it said.
The decision to hand over the case to the NIA was taken by the Centre in view of international ramifications of the case where some nationals from neighbouring Bangladesh were also allegedly involved, official sources said.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters that India has received a request from Bangladesh seeking information about the case.
The security agencies are tabulating the information and the details will be shared with Dhaka, he said.

Egypt to host donor conference for war-hitGazaThe war, which ended with a ceasefire on August 26 left 100,000 Gazans homeless. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem | Posted: October 10, 2014 7:02 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 7:07 pm
Envoys from dozens of countries will gather on Sunday for a conference that aims to raise billions of dollars to rebuild conflict-battered Gaza, despite fears of renewed violence and “donor fatigue”.
The United Nations’ Palestinian refugee agency has described the financial needs as “unprecedented” ahead of the Cairo meeting, which follows the Strip’s third war in six years.
But it is unclear how generous the world is willing to be given the intractability of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other priorities in the region such as the fight against jihadists in Syria and Iraq.
About 50 countries will be represented in Cairo for talks that will include UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, US Secretary of State John Kerry, 30 foreign ministers and various international monetary and humanitarian bodies.
The Palestinians have called for more than USD 4 billion in aid, and the Palestinian refugee agency UNRWA for USD 1.6 billion.
Other estimates suggest up to USD 8 billion will be needed to repair damaged infrastructure and homes, and ensure healthcare, education and clean drinking water.
The 50-day conflict between Israel and Gaza militants left almost 2,200 Palestinians dead along with 73 on the Israeli side.
The war, which ended with a ceasefire on August 26, also left 100,000 Gazans homeless.
More than a quarter of the Strip’s population of 1.7 million was displaced.
Even so, a Western diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, warned there was “considerable donor fatigue.”
“We have seen infrastructure projects that we have contributed to which have been destroyed,” the diplomat said, adding that scepticism had existed even before the recent conflict.
Money raised in Cairo will also go towards getting Gaza’s economy back on its feet.
Gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to be down 20 per cent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
Unemployment stood at 45 per cent before the war, and 63 per cent among young people who make up a large part of the population.
Without immediate action to revive the economy, a return to violence “will remain a clear and present danger,” the World Bank’s Palestinian territories director Steen Lau Jorgensen warned last month.
The Palestinians sought to present a united front ahead of the meeting to assuage donor concerns that reconstruction materials might fall into the hands of militants.

India proud of Kailash Satyarthi: Ravi Shankar PrasadGadhimai Festival: Mass Animal Slaughter
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Burdwan blast: NIA files FIR  2 more arrested8
0
Kolkata: The National Investigation Agency has filed an FIR in the Burdwan blast case. The agency has filed a case under sections of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.
Authorities are also probing links with terror modules in Bangladesh. The Bangladesh government has sought details of the blast case. Meanwhile two more people have been arrested. They have been charged with assisting the Indian Mujahideen militants who died in the IED blast.
The Opposition has accused the Mamata Banerjee government of trying to prevent the NIA from handling the case. Burdwan police initially had not even applied terror related sections in the FIR.
Two more people have been arrested. They have been charged with assisting the Indian Mujahideen militants who died in the IED blast.
The case relates to two suspected Indian Mujahideen operatives being killed in an IED explosion at the home of a TMC leader in Burdwan.
2

Watch: Pak teenager Malala Yousafzai  Nobel Peace Prize winner  shares her storyGadhimai Festival: Mass Animal Slaughter
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Image of Asia: Watching Mount Sinabung EruptKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Activist investor wins all 12 of Darden board seats0
Starboard has been pushing Darden to cut costs by doing things such as revising Olive Garden soup recipes, serving fewer breadsticks and replacing carry-out containers. Those moves and others could save the company as much as $200 million annually, according to Starboard's estimates, and drive the price of the stock up to $80 a share from the current $50.
Activist investor attacks began a year ago when Barington Capital initially asked the company to spin off its smaller restaurant chains. Starboard got involved in December 2013, eventually buying 8.8 percent of the company.
Sales at Olive Garden and Red Lobster had been in steady decline and were being outperformed by others in the casual dining industry.
Darden's leadership angered investors when it ignored a shareholder request to hold a meeting on the company's plans to sell off Red Lobster. Darden eventually sold Red Lobster for $2.1 billion to Golden Gate Capital in July.
Darden CEO Clarence Otis announced his retirement from the company shortly after the sale.
The new board now has power to select the new leadership, starting with a new CEO. Smith said he didn't foresee any specific changes in Olive Garden management but wouldn't comment on Otis' role with the company. Otis has said he plans to leave later this year.
Otis was not at the shareholder meeting and only chairman Charles Ledsinger represented Darden's outgoing board of directors.
The newly elected slate of directors have been working with Darden management "for a short period of time," Smith said.
Smith said the company has not chosen an interim leader yet. Brad Blum, a former Olive Garden president and one-time candidate for Darden CEO, is among the 12 new board members. Some analysts have suggested Blum might be a potential candidate for CEO.
Starboard's plan released in September also calls for Darden to sell or spin off its five smaller brands including Yard House, Bahama Breeze, Season's 52 and Eddie V's — a portfolio of restaurants acquired under Otis' leadership.
Starboard also hopes to sell the property and buildings that house Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouses, with the goal of unlocking billions of dollars in returns for investors.
The vote shows how much a leadership change was needed at Darden, said restaurant investment analyst Lynne Collier with Sterne Agee.
""I do think this new board will provide a greater catalyst for change," Collier said. "A lot of the changes Starboard has proposed are reasonable and could easily be implemented."
The newly elected board cannot take any official action until the vote is certified, which will come within the next four days, Darden spokesman Rich Jeffers said.

Scientists are a step closer to creating the memory eraser from Men in BlackAdam Epstein @aepstein
October 10, 2014
Of all the cool gadgets in science fiction, one of the niftiest is the memory-eraser stick that Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones wield in the movie Men in Black.
Now such a device is a step closer to reality. Researchers at UC Davis have successfully erased specific memories from the brains of mice…by using beams of light. Yes—light—just like the  “Neuralyzer”  tool in the popular sci-fi comedy franchise.
Neuroscientists have long believed that memory retrieval involves two parts of the brain, the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus. “The theory is that learning involves processing in the cortex, and the hippocampus reproduces this pattern of activity during retrieval, allowing you to re-experience the event,” said Brian Wiltgen, one of the lead researchers, in a release for the study .
Wiltgen and his colleagues used genetically modified mice (whose nerve cells glow green when activated) to test the theory that specific nerve cells in the brain could be switched off by light. The mice were trained by receiving a mild electric shock when placed in a cage. Thereafter, each time they were put in the cage, they would freeze in fear, instead of roaming around as they’d normally do.
Then came the fun part. The omnipotent researchers switched off the mice’s memories of being shocked by beaming light into their brains using a fiber optic cable. Since the mice were genetically modified, the researchers could isolate the exact cells responsible for those memories, and direct the light to those cells only—without disrupting any other cells in the hippocampus. When the mice were placed back in the cage, they would no longer freeze in fear, apparently because they had no memory of ever being shocked.
Of course, this experiment has yet to be done on humans (at least as far as we know). And for now, the light needs to be connected directly into the brain via a cable, rather than as a flash of light detected by the eyes and then converted into something the brain can read. But it’s one step closer to making science fiction a science fact—which is either totally awesome or unthinkably frightening, depending on whom you ask. We’re going with the former.
Share this:

Rahul can t see through  foreign glasses : BJPRahul can t see through  foreign glasses : BJP
Woman burns her nephew aliveWoman burns her nephew alive
Forex reserves slip for 5th week in a row  plunges $2.75 bnForex reserves slip for 5th consecutive week, to $311.42 billion
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 21:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
Continuing its downward trend for the fifth consecutive week, the foreign exchange reserves plunged $2.754 billion to $311.427 billion in the week to October 3, led by a major fall in non-US currency assets, according to data released by the  Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday.
In the week to September 26, reserves went down by $1.415 billion to $314.181 billion. In the week to July 25, 2014, the reserves had touched $320.56 billion, just short of the life-time high of $320.79 billion on Setpember 2, 2011.
In the reporting week, foreign currency assets, a major constituent of overall reserves, decreased $1.803 billion to $285.588 billion, RBI said.
Foreign currency assets, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation and depreciation of non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
After remaining unchanged for a couple of weeks, the country's gold reserves dropped by $919.7 million to $20.013 billion.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) were down $22.8 million to $4.284 billion, while the country's reserve position with the  International Monetary Fund (IMF) dipped by $8.2 million to $1.540 billion during the week, the RBI data showed.

Jawans have given fitting reply to Pakistan: Modi“This is not the time for bayan bazi (commenting) but jawan ki goli (the jawan’s bullet),” the Prime Minister said at an election rally in Amravati, Maharashtra, on Friday. PTI
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
He promised compensation to villagers who fled their homes and suffered losses due to the firing along the international border.
Using firm words over the border ceasefire violations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said Indian soldiers had given Pakistan a "fitting reply" and the neighbouring country would no longer dare repeat its aggression.
Praising the Indian jawans, Mr. Modi said Pakistan had been “silenced.”
The PM also promised compensation to those villagers who were forced to flee their homes and suffered losses due to the firing along the international border.
"Pakistan ko muh ki khaani padi hai (Pakistan has got a fitting reply). They won’t dare try this again. Pakistan has got its response, the response has silenced them,” he said at a rally in Amravati.
Assuring the victims of Pakistan shelling, Mr. Modi said the government would take urgent steps to compensate them.
Political opponents, including Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, had questioned Mr. Modi on his "silence" on the border turmoil even as he addressed multiple rallies in Maharashtra, which goes to the polls on October 15.
“It’s easier to talk than to act,” Mr. Gandhi had said.
Taking on the Congress, Mr. Modi said the party was merely indulging in “commenting” over the situation on the border. “This is not the time for bayan bazi (commenting) but jawan ki goli (the jawan’s bullet).”
Speaking with a sore throat, Mr. Modi addressed his scheduled four rallies in the day but had to cut down on content. In Brahmapuri, in Maoist-infested Chandrapur district, Mr. Modi appealed to the youth to shun violence and take to farming. “Instead of soaking the soil with human blood), you can take up the plough and make it green,” he said.
Raking up the development work done across the State border in Chhattisgarh, which has a BJP Government and is also Maoist affected, Mr. Modi asked: “Chhattisgarh (then part of Madhya Pradesh) was a BIMARU State till yesterday. But today, it finds recognition for paddy cultivation. What are the reasons that farmers in Maharashtra, in regions abutting Chhattisgarh, are still struggling for survival?
In Dhamangaon, Mr. Modi addressed the interests of cotton farmers and said to resolve their woes, the government had devised a "5F" formula: from farm to fibre, to factory, to fashion, to foreign.

Faber Report: Media stocks slidefaber report: media stocks slide
Vice President congratulates Satyarthi on being awarded Nobel Peace Prize with MalalaVice President congratulates Satyarthi on being awarded Nobel Peace Prize with Malala
President Mukherjee to be first Indian leader to cross Arctic CirclePresident Mukherjee to be first Indian leader to cross Arctic Circle
Coal supply at 60 power plants still critical: CEACoal supply at 60 power plants still critical: CEA
SAT admits RIL plea on Rs 13-cr penaltySAT admits RIL plea on Rs 13-cr penalty
Jihadists seize Kurdish HQ in Syria s KobaneJihadists seize Kurdish HQ in Syria s Kobane
Maruti Ciaz to take on Honda City  Hyundai Vernamaruti ciaz to take on honda city  hyundai verna
FB may launch app for sharing posts anonymouslyFacebook may launch app for sharing posts anonymously
IANS     New York   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:53 IST
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
Facebook is reportedly working to launch an app that gives users an option to share posts anonymously with one another.
The standalone app may also have health-focused features to connect users suffering from the same illnesses to create a kind of support network,  The New York Times reported.
According to the report, the app will allow people to use pseudonyms so they can have discussions about topics "which they may not be comfortable connecting to their real names".
Whether the standalone app will connect to Facebook's main page and users' account is still not clear.
Earlier this year, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that releasing new standalone apps would be a top priority for the social networking site.
Facebook has already launched an ephemeral messaging app called Slingshot.
The Facebook Messenger app has already been downloaded over 500 million times on Android-based devices.
Facebook-owned Instagram has also released a standalone private messaging app called Bolt.

School of Art Institute molds artists with new tools  traditional techniquesMost of us can picture, perhaps from experience, the grim landscape of a college dorm room floor the morning after a big party. But how many can say it inspired a company? ( John Carpenter )
“This doesn’t fundamentally change what we do, but it opens up an extraordinary range of options to a student who’s looking to take an idea and put it on paper or who has a relatively complex idea and wants to rationalize it,” said Jonathan Solomon, who joined the school in August as director of the department of Architecture, Interior Architecture, and Designed Objects (AIADO).
But maintaining both cutting-edge and historical tools puts a burden on the school, whose downtown campus is strained for space. And no matter how many new tools appear, professors say, learning fundamental principles of theory and design can’t be passed over.
Students who are taken with technology and loath to disconnect need to let their work dictate which tools they choose, not the other way around, he said.
“One of the challenges is encouraging students to continue to hybridize, even as tools come out that might make the design process seem faster or easier,” Solomon said.
In the hybrid digital and physical world of architectural design, professors encourage students to create and tweak physical models often, even if they’re doing so using a 3D printer. Traditional techniques — sketching, producing version after version of material objects — are critical, Solomon said.
Solomon said SAIC at times pairs professors from different departments so they can teach old and new techniques in tandem. 
One new course integrates digital sculpting with ceramics. Students use software to design architectural elements like walls and fountains that eventually can be produced in ceramic.
AIADO instructor Mary English and ceramics adjunct assistant professor Mie Kongo guide students along the paths of either designing or making these objects. At the end of the semester, students from each side will pair up to produce a final project using everything from 3D modeling software to traditional ceramic shaping tools.

And The Most  Delightful  White House Reporter Is...reddit
"Delightful" might be the last word a press secretary might use to describe a reporter.
During Tuesday's segment of Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's new Bloomberg show, " With All Due Respect ," however, nice reporters were the topic of discussion for guest White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest.
When egged on to name "the consistently most delightful reporter in the White House Press Corps," Earnest replies, "I got to choose somebody I don't like, so I don't harm them."
Earnest then names Jonathan Karl , ABC News' chief White House correspondent, who's well-known for his hard-hitting questions and confrontations with press secretaries. Earlier this summer, for example, Karl and Earnest had a heated exchange over the White House's handling of the border crisis in which thousands of undocumented children faced deportation.
“Jon Karl is consistently the nicest, friendliest, most direct guy, down-to-earth, friendliest individual you’d ever want to meet,” Earnest says.
That was sort of a compliment, right?
More:

Sensex zooms 312 pointsUpdated: October 9, 2014 11:02 IST
Sensex zooms 312 points
market and exchange
Snapping its three—session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising over 312 points in early trade today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to two—week high of 61.09 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two—year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30—share barometer, which had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions, recovered by 312.81 points, or 1.19 per cent, to 26,559.60.
All the sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty and metal were trading in positive zone with gains up to 1.58 per cent.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty, regained the psychological 7,900—mark by surging 92.65 points, or 1.18 per cent, to 7,935.35.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.45 per cent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was also trading 0.88 per cent higher in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 1.64 per cent up in yesterday’s trade.

Texas hospital responds to questions over treatment of Ebola patientBy Elahe Izadi October 9 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Thomas Eric Duncan died Wednesday at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital. (Reuters/Mike Stone)
The Texas hospital system that treated Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan said Thursday that it wanted to "correct some misconceptions" over the care of the Liberian national who died Wednesday.
"Our care team provided Mr. Duncan with the same high level of attention and care that would be given any patient, regardless of nationality or ability to pay for care," read a statement from Texas Health Resources, which includes Texas Health Presbyterian, where Duncan was treated. "In this case that included a four-hour evaluation and numerous tests. We have a long history of treating a multicultural community in this area."
Dallas County Commissioner John Wiley Price  had criticized  the hospital's preparedness to treat to Duncan, who first went to the hospital Sept. 26 and was sent home with antibiotics after saying he had been in Liberia. Price called the facility "a boutique hospital next to a little Ellis Island" -- referring to the nearby neighborhood where many immigrants live. “If you don’t have insurance, you’re not going to get treated. That’s the elephant in the room," Price said.
Some of Duncan's family members had questioned why he didn't receive the same experimental treatments that other Ebola patients in the United States had received. “We want him to live,” Mawhen Jallah, the daughter of Duncan’s girlfriend, Louise Troh, had said. “So we want the drug the other people used to get saved if they have it.”
More than a dozen drugs are being studied for treating Ebola and other filoviruses.
Americans Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol had both received the experimental drug ZMapp. American physician Rick Sacra received a  convalescent serum  from blood donated by Brantly. They all survived. Brantly has donated blood for a similar treatment to be given to NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo in Nebraska.
According to the hospital, ZMapp wasn't given to Duncan because it hasn't been available since Aug. 12. Instead, Duncan  was given  an experimental treatment,  the antiviral drug Brincidofovir, on Saturday, many days after he was put into isolation.
During the deadliest Ebola outbreak ever in western Africa, two American missionaries received an experimental drug called ZMapp. An Ebola expert explains how ZMapp is derived and how it fights the deadly virus. (Gillian Brockell and Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
"After consulting with experts across the country, the CDC, and the FDA, the investigative drug was administered as soon as his physicians determined that his condition warranted it, and as soon as it could be obtained," the hospital said. "Mr. Duncan was the first Ebola patient to receive this drug."
Troh and other family members had asked why doctors waited four days to treat Duncan with an experimental drug when another patient who had been successfully treated for the virus in the United States seemed to have received drug treatments "immediately."
"Before the drug treatment was started she was very anxious because she felt like nothing positive was being done for him," said Troh's pastor, George Mason, who was with Troh when she learned of Duncan's death. "And it's very difficult to hear news stories about others who have come with the Ebola virus and are treated immediately with a certain drug treatment. And to think that Duncan was there at the hospital and nothing was being done, it seemed unfair to her."
The Texas hospital said that serum treatment that Mukpo and Sacra received wasn't an option for Duncan because he had an incompatible blood type with the serum donors.
Fire Chief Mark Piland of Frisco, Tex., said firefighters and paramedics responded on Wednesday for a patient who reported having contact with the family of the Ebola patient who died Wednesday morning. (Reuters)
Unlike Duncan, other Ebola patients in the United States had been brought over from Africa for treatment with the knowledge that they had disease. They were taken to hospitals with biocontainment units. More than 50 people were on the team that treated Duncan, with a 24-bed intensive care unit dedicated to his case, according to the hospital.
"The nurses, doctors, and team who cared for him, as well as the entire Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas community, grieve the loss of Mr. Duncan," the hospital statement read.
Abby Phillip contributed to this report.
Related:

The Merger of Business & PhilanthropyAn Open Letter to Bill Gates and Kevin Roberts
Dear Bill and Kevin,
The people of the world are ready for one of the biggest innovations ever -  the merger of business and philanthropy.
Climate change has presented the unifying threat. Technology has given us hope for solutions. Governments around the globe seem more willing to collaborate than ever before. But only business has the horsepower to accelerate positive change by adopting philanthropic goals into their strategy.
There is no bigger sales challenge in the world than getting businesses to see that their market share can increase and the long-term profitability can grow as they build sustainable, pro-social goals into their products and services and operations.
There is no greater positive benefit to be reaped than this transformation  in how the world operates. (September's UN Climate Summit showed hints of what is possible.)
The big question, gentlemen, is:
Are you up to promoting the biggest business and philanthropic opportunity of the century?
"We are the music makers. And we are the dreamers of dreams."
-- Willy Wonka, from the movie "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"
Of course, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which you co-chair Bill,  is already a leader in impact investing and already works with for-profit partners towards philanthropic ends. (See the foundation's investment strategy here .)
Saatchi and Saatchi, headed by you, Kevin , already supports philanthropy in creative ways .
But I'm asking for more:
I want the man with unmatched achievement and leadership in technology, business and philanthropy (that's you, Bill) to appear in a campaign devised by the clever minds and hearts of one of the world's most creative ad agencies (those are your mates, Kevin). The goal of the campaign: build awareness so businesses can start planning now for the collaborative, pro-social/ for-profit  future that awaits the planet.
Does the goal seem impossible? The plan far-fetched?
Doesn't innovation often present this way in the beginning?
What about when two college students decided in 1975 to democratize computers by writing software that would empower anyone to use the most complicated and powerful tools on the planet?
Wasn't that far-fetched?
Bill, you know way more about this than me, but it seems that there's a process here.
First, you have to imagine it. Then you have to believe in it. Then you have to work your butt off to make it happen.
"If you want to view paradise, simply look around and view it. / Anything you want to - do it. / Want to change the world - there's nothing to it." - Willy Wonka
Change is upon us whether we like it or not. Once upon a time, baby boomers made up the biggest part of the US population. Not any more. Now millennials (born 1980-2000) are No. 1.
NPR reports that millennials are not only really good at tech innovation - as a rule, they are more tolerant, diverse and optimistic than us boomers.
Is the millennial generation simply going to accept that for-profit companies focus only on growth and ROI without regard to the sustainability of the planet or the quality of life or its inhabitants? Or might this powerful new generation start buying more - a lot more - from companies that steward the earth and improve the lot of the people who live here?
Worth thinking about.
Worth discussing even.
Bill ... thoughts?
"If technology is purely market-driven and we don't focus innovation on the big inequities, then we could have amazing inventions that leave the world even more divided. We won't improve public schools. We won't cure malaria. We won't end poverty."
-- Bill Gates, from the commencement speech he made with his wife Melinda to Stanford students in June
Kevin?
"We need radical optimists and extreme enthusiasts but most of all we need ideas. Ideas have magical power. In a world of major impasses and eroding differences, ideas improve the way we live."
- Kevin Roberts, speech to INSEAD in France, September 2014
I like how this is developing. Let's continue.
Bill:
"Innovation can solve almost every problem."
Kevin:
"Institutions such as governments, churches and media are limited as agents of change. ...  Only business can take direct action to move hearts. Business meets needs, solves problems, innovates, improves lives, create jobs and offers everyday joy. Only business has the freedom to win through imagination and ideas."
Bill:
"I often talk about the miracle of vaccines: With just a few doses, they protect children from deadly diseases forever. When it comes to clean energy, we need breakthroughs that are just as miraculous. Just like vaccines, clean-energy miracles don't just happen by chance. We have to make them happen, through long-term investments in research and development."
- Gatesnotes' blog June 25, 2014
Kevin:
"We live, work and play deep in a participation economy....Consumers are becoming producers, and small players have big reach." - Saatchi & Saatchi Red Paper
Bill:
"Optimism is often dismissed as false hope. But there is also false hopelessness. That's the attitude that says we can't defeat poverty and disease. We absolutely can."
Kevin:
"Let's do it together, for none of us is as strong as all of us."
Wow, so glad you are both so positive about this.
I just want you to know that you won't be in this alone. Not only will I volunteer my services pro bono to write and fundraise for this effort, I am prepared to give 1 percent of my annual income to Saatchi & Saatchi to fund the cause.
Would you both do the same?
I believe profit and pro-social purpose will join forces. It's ultimately about survival.
Collaborate or die. That's one of humanity's oldest - and most motivating - stories. The seed of community. The spur for innovation.
The only question is how much time will we  waste - and how much suffering we will condone - before we start the process of change.
So, Bill .... Kevin ... can I count on you?
Follow Steven Crandell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stevencrandell
More:

3 Ways to Make Better Business Decisionsreddit
If you run your own small business there's one thing you can't get away from: you need to make decisions.
An inability to make a decision can lead to business deadlock. That's the "I'm feeling stuck" and "Why isn't my business moving forward?" feeling, that most of us face at one time or another.
The secret to getting unstuck is learning to access your inner CEO.
It's common to think that a CEO is something that belongs to big corporate business.
The truth is -- taking time every day to access your inner CEO is vital to the health of your small business.
The ability to make executive decisions is what drives your business projects forward.
And after all -- the sum of your business is nothing more than a bunch of projects. You may have "Project Social Media," "Project Newsletter," "Project New Course," and so on. Each of these mini projects need to be looked over by the CEO of your company -- which is YOU.
This is particularly true if you're running a solo-business (Yes, the life of a Solopreneur), where you're responsible for pretty much everything.
It's all too common to get wrapped up in the details -- the day-to-day administration and working with clients, that somehow the CEO role gets lost. However, this is the MOST important role to the flourishing of your business.
So how do you access your inner CEO?
First of all you need to recognize its importance, and make time every day for "CEO- time." This can be as short as 15 minutes and as long as a few hours.
Making CEO time can happen in a multitude of ways and via several tools which I'll share with you below:
1. Give yourself active thinking time.
"Thinking time" is under-appreciated and yet it's one of the best ways to access your inner CEO. Set aside time to close off your computer, and all other gadgets. Then, sit quietly with the intention to think.
All you need to do is announce to yourself "Now is my CEO time." By announcing it you claim that you're sliding into the role of CEO, and like any good CEO -- you've closed off all distractions and noise.
Then, decide on which part of your business you want to focus on. It may be a new book you've wanted to start but haven't started yet. Take the time to ask yourself: Why haven't you started the book yet?
Then sit quietly with the question--and pay attention to the thoughts, and ideas that arise. When you close off the noise, your inner CEO has the opportunity to come to life, and will often come up with the clear strategy and execution plan to move your project forward.
If you feel the urge to write out notes, or talk to yourself out loud -- do it. Do whatever it takes to gain clarity around the issue you have chosen to focus your executive time with.
2. Access your inner CEO by going out to nature.
It could be a walk by a lake, ocean, nearby trails, or even your backyard. Go on this walk with the intention that this is your CEO time.
Once again, bring a particular issue up to the forefront. Ask a question about it, let's say you've been debating partnering with someone on a new course, but you've been unable to set up anything concrete yet. Take the time to ask your inner CEO - Is this even a good idea? Why haven't you taken action yet?
As you walk or sit in the natural surroundings, you will likely gain some incredible insights or new ideas which will help clarify how to move forward from this conundrum.
When the clarity hits -- make sure you dare to follow through on the wisdom provided by your inner CEO.
3. Meet with the CEO of your business through exercise.
Before you start exercising have a clear question or area of focus on your mind. Let's say you can't make up your mind if you should host a weekend retreat. Start by activating your inner CEO by laying out the question/problem that you want to focus on and then start exercising.
Instead of trying to figure out the problem, fully immerse yourself in the movement. Focus on your legs that are moving, the rhythm of your breath, and increased heart rate.
By shifting your focus from the problem to the current moment, you quiet down your logical thinking mind, which helps to facilitate creative solutions to arise.
This is one of the best ways to access your inner CEO -- by setting out with the question, and then focusing on the moment. This helps to free up some mental-bandwidth so that newfound perspectives can be discovered by your inner CEO.
And ultimately, since you're the CEO of your business, you may already have a few more innovative ideas and inner tools that you can use to access your inner CEO.
Look -- I'm not against asking other people for advice and counsel. But even if you ask the most successful person on the planet to help you make a decision, at the end of the day YOU still need to call the final shot. You still need to be brave enough to do something different than the so-called expert, mentor, coach or guru suggests you do, if you feel called in a different direction.
Don't ever give your decision-making power away to anybody else.
Sometimes the best reason to ask for advice from another is to help you look at that advice and then decide if your inner CEO agrees.
In order to succeed in business YOU need to take full responsibility of every decision you make. Whether or not you work with a coach, mentor, or are in a training program--the only person who can give you the ultimate answer is you.
And remember, the best way to get the best answers is by taking the time to actively consult with your inner CEO.
Follow Tova Payne on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TovaPayne
More:

Vodafone Group wins transfer pricing caseBombay High Court rules in favour of Vodafone Group in transfer pricing case
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 20:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
Bombay High Court has ruled in favour of British multinational telecom company Vodafone Group Plc in a transfer pricing dispute, the media reported on Friday.
Vodafone had appealed against the country's tax office's decision to add about Rs 3200 crore ($523 million) to its taxable income for the financial year 2009/10, CNBC TV 18 said.
Vodafone is among several multinational companies involved in transfer pricing disputes with Indian tax authorities.
(Reuters)

Reliance Industries Approaches Tribunal Against Sebi s Rs 13 Crore PenaltyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has approached the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) against a penalty of Rs 13 crore imposed on it by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in a case related to disclosure of a key earnings ratio of the company.
SAT is scheduled to hear on Friday the appeals filed by Reliance Industries against the Sebi order, which was passed on August 8, 2014.
The penalty includes a fine of Rs 1 crore for violation of listing agreement and another Rs 12 crore for violation of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act in a matter related to alleged non-disclosure of the Diluted Earnings Per Share (DEPS) in the quarterly and annual financial filings.
The capital market regulator had asked the company to pay the penalty within 45 days of the receipt of the order.
The order followed a probe by Sebi in an over 7-year old case involving alleged irregularities in the issuance of 12 crore warrants by Mukesh Ambani-led RIL to its promoters, entitling its holders to subscribe to equivalent number of equity shares of RIL.
It was alleged that this issuance in April 2007 had resulted in diluting the pre-issue paid-up equity share capital of RIL, but the company repeatedly failed to disclose such dilution in earnings for as many as six quarters.
"We are now studying the order as to the interpretation Sebi has taken and would take appropriate action based on legal advice," an RIL spokesperson had said on August 8 after the Sebi order.
"The issue relates to the method of calculation of diluted EPS under the Accounting Standards. The issue is not of non-disclosure," the company had said.
"It can be observed from the results published by the company of all the quarters in question that both basic and diluted EPS have been disclosed," RIL had said, while releasing its financial results for the six quarters concerned to substantiate its claims on basic and diluted EPS.
In its 15-page order, Sebi said the company had submitted before it that there would "be no dilutive effect in the Earning Per Share (EPS) if the proceeds from the issue are not less than the fair value of the shares issued".
Sebi ruled that "conversion of warrants into equity shares would necessarily result in reduction in net profit per share of the company as the same amount of profit needs to be distributed to additional equity shares as well upon such conversion".
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 19:22 (IST)

Aviation shares in demand; Jet Airways gains over 10%Aviation shares in demand; Jet Airways gains over 10%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 03:17 PM IST
Shares of aviation companies like Jet Airways (India) and Spicejet have rallied by up to 9% in otherwise weak market on back of heavy volumes on the bourses.
Jet Airways (India) has soared nearly 11% to Rs 246 on NSE on back of two-fold jump in trading volumes. A combined 2.8 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
Spicejet has surged nearly 9% to Rs 14.99 on BSE. The counter has seen huge trading volumes with 5.1 million shares changed hands till 1510 hours against an average sub 2 million shares that were traded daily on BSE.
S&P BSE Sensex was down 1.3% or 352 points at 26,285 at 1520 hours.
So far in October, Spicejet surged 22%, while Jet Airways up 19% after state-owned oil companies reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates, bringing relief to airlines.
Domestic airlines expect the fall in prices of aviation fuel to boost their earnings from the quarter ending December.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40% of an airline's operating cost and the reduction in prices will ease the burden of the cash-strapped airlines.
On Thursday, oil prices sank to more than two-year lows as weak economic data from Germany underscored concerns over a global economic slowdown and its impact on energy demand, analysts said, AFP/PTI report suggests.
 

Following fatal police shooting in St. Louis  a day of vigils  protests and arrestsBy Wesley Lowery October 10 Follow @WesleyLowery
On Thursday, police and protesters clashed for a second night in St. Louis after a white, off-duty police officer killed a black teenager on Wednesday. Police say the teen fired a weapon at the officer first, but his family disputes that. (Reuters)
ST. LOUIS — Two months after the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in nearby Ferguson, Mo., dozens of protesters shut down intersections and clashed with St. Louis police officers clad in riot gear early Friday morning, with tensions inflamed anew following another police shooting of a black teen.
Police for hours kept their distance from protesters, allowing them free rein to march and shut down traffic, but officers began to exert force after a handful of demonstrators became hostile, tossing bricks into an apartment and smashing the glass door of a local business. The officers, from the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department, deployed pepper spray to disperse the crowd.
On Thursday — exactly two months after the Aug. 9 death of Brown, the unarmed black teen whose fatal shooting by a white officer sparked weeks of unrest in Ferguson, a north St. Louis County suburb — mourners and protesters gathered in the Shaw neighborhood of south St. Louis, where another 18-year-old black man had been shot and killed by a white police officer the night before.
Authorities say Vonderrit D. Myers was shot seven to eight times, once in the head,  by an off-duty police officer in what police described as an intense struggle and gun battle — but that family members and several people who were in the area at the time of the shooting insist was a case of racial profiling.
Police said Myers fled, then fired at least three shots from a stolen weapon at the officer, who responded by firing 17 shots at Myers.
Family members and community leaders, however, said Myers could not have had the weapon, arguing that he was armed only with a sandwich purchased moments before at a local deli where he was a regular customer.
“They washed his blood away, but they can’t wash away what happened yesterday,” his uncle, Jackie Williams, told reporters on Thursday night. “And my family is deeply sorry, and we’re missing him already. We’re hurt, and we lost our child, and it means a lot.”
More than 100 friends, family members, clergy and local residents gathered at the site of the shooting Thursday night for a candlelight vigil. The family requested that the crowd disperse after prayers were said.
Instead, the vigil sparked a hybrid demonstrations, with dozens of protesters from Ferguson joining the crowd.
Protesters marched several blocks from the shooting scene to an intersection on a major area roadway, where they shut down traffic for close to an hour.
“Indict, convict, send that killer cop to jail. The whole damn system is guilty as hell,” they chanted.
“This is what democracy looks like,” they said.
The protesters took control of the intersection at Grand and Shaw streets, allowing only an ambulance traveling to a nearby hospital to get through the roadblock. Police lights could be seen in the distance, but officers did not initially engage the protests, allowing ministers and protest leaders to direct traffic away from the roadblock.
After about an hour, protest leaders ended the roadblock and again began to march. However, some members among the dozens became violent, burning an American flag , throwing a brick through the window of an apartment along the march route, and smashing the glass door of at least one storefront.
That is when officers, clad in riot gear, lined up to face the protesters. After a brief standoff, officers deployed pepper spray on protesters and journalists in an attempt to disperse the crowd.
Police Chief Sam Dotson told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that two protesters were arrested and that one officer was slightly injured.
“I’m very disappointed,” he told the newspaper. “We acted in good faith. It just shows how unorganized the protest leadership is.”
The clash, which marked the first time in almost a week that police have used force against demonstrators and made arrests in the area, came as St. Louis was bracing for a weekend of planned protests that is expected to bring thousands of demonstrators.
Demonstrators gather in Missouri overnight to protest police violence in the wake of shooting deaths of Michael Brown and another black teenager by white police officers. (Reuters)
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Scientists create breakthrough recipe to grow insulin-secreting cells by the billionsBy Ariana Eunjung Cha October 10 Follow @arianaeunjung
Derived from human stem cells, these insulin-producers had functionally cured a mouse of diabetes in only two weeks.(Douglas Melton)
Scientists announced a breakthrough that could one day free millions of diabetes sufferers from a lifetime of insulin injections.
The discovery described in the journal Cell on Thursday and led by stem cell researcher  Douglas Melton is a method of growing billions of precious insulin-secreting cells en masse using human stem cells. Patients could receive a single transplant with the newly generated cells, which would have the ability to read out the amount of sugar in the blood and squirt out just the right amount of the hormone insulin.
Melton, a co-director of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute whose son and daughter have Type 1 diabetes, said the resulting cells were “exquisitely accurate” in producing the amount of insulin a patient needed.
Cell therapy has become one of the most promising areas of diabetes treatment in those with Type 1 of the disease, in which the body is missing insulin-producing cells in the pancreas and is usually diagnosed in children and young adults. In recent years, a growing number of patients have been successfully treated through transplanted cells from cadavers.
The roadblock has been the supply of cells. They have proved in­cred­ibly tricky to produce artificially. And they are so difficult to collect from cadavers that less than 1,000 patients are estimated to have undergone this procedure so far.
While Melton’s work involved transplanting human cells into mice and much has to be done before they can be tested on actual patients, diabetes researchers said they believed that the hurdles were surmountable and on Thursday were already talking about what needed to happen after they reached that next milestone.
“You’ll be able to create buckets and buckets of cells. Numbers will no longer be a limitation,” said Albert Hwa, a scientist at JDRF, a New York-based advocacy group focused on diabetes that partially funded the Harvard research.
Susan Solomon , chief executive of the New York Stem Cell Foundation, said the discovery is so significant that it would shift the direction of diabetes research. “It’s a new game,” she said.
Solomon said scientists at the stem cell foundation have already begun trying to replicate Melton’s work and are using robotics to see if the process can be scaled. She said she also expects more resources to be shifted in the coming months to the question of how to keep the body from rejecting the transplanted cells. Patients transplanted with cadaver cells have to take immunosuppressants, which can have severe side effects, to prevent their bodies from fighting off the foreign cells. “If you don’t solve the autoimmune attack that killed those cells in the first place you are basically doing stupid mouse tricks as they say,” she explained.
The process of mass producing the cells involves coaxing human stem cells to turn into the beta cells of the pancreas that are responsible for producing insulin. Melton described the work, which took 15 years, as akin to creating a new recipe for a “very fancy” raspberry chocolate cake with vanilla frosting. In a conference call with reporters, he said that it was clear what components needed to go in the mix but it took a very long time to perfect the order and timing.
“These cells respond to multiple glucose challenges,” Melton said. “You can think of it as breakfast, lunch and dinner. Each time we gave them a sugar challenge they secreted the right amount of insulin.”
Jose Olberholzer , a professor of bioengineering at the University of Illinois whose research is focused on diabetes, described the treatment as akin to creating a new “mini-organ” in a patient’s body.
“It would be a functional cure for a patient,” Olberholzer said. “The underlying disease would still be present but the fact that these insulin-producing cells are there would mean that they would effectively have normal lives.”
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Fund raising via pvt placement hits all-time high in SeptFund raising via debt private placement hits all-time high in Sept
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 20:13 IST
A total of Rs 58,578.53 crore was garnered through private placement of corporate bonds (Photo: Reuters)
Fund mobilisation by listed firms through private placement of debt securities surged to an all time high of Rs 58,578.5 crore in September.
The companies had raised Rs 32,875.53 crore from debt on a private placement basis during August, 78.2 per cent less than the amount mopped up in September, as per the latest data with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The amount is also over three times more than funds raised in the year-ago period, which stood at Rs 17,763 crore.
A total of Rs 58,578.53 crore was garnered through private placement of corporate bonds, which is the highest amount raised in a single month since January 2007. Official Sebi data is unavailable before January 2007.
With the latest figures released by the capital market regulator, the total money mobilised through private placement touched Rs 1.45 lakh crore for the first six months of the current financial year.
In debt private placements, firms issue debt securities or bonds to institutional investors to raise capital.
Fund raising through this route had been subdued at the beginning of FY15 on account of good performance of equities in the stock market.
However, it had gathered pace from August and the momentum continued in September as well.
During September, the number of issues rose to 312 from 174 issues in the preceding month.
Of the total funds raised last month, Rs 24,082.30 crore was mobilised through issues only on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), Rs 15,950.13 crore was raised by companies listed only on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and Rs 18,546.10 crore was from companies listed on both the exchanges.

Why Ukip is winning in Britains seaside townsWhy Ukip is winning in Britain’s seaside towns
By John McDermott
Of the party’s “12 most wanted” seats in the 2015 contest, 10 are on the coast, writes John McDermott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/720ca42a-4faf-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NDRF teams in place as Hud Hud set to cross AP coaston SundayNDRF teams in place as Hud Hud set to cross AP coast on Sunday 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 10:  
The AP Government is making all arrangements and taking precautionary measures to minimise loss of life and property due to the impact of very severe cyclonic storm Hud Hud predicted to cross the coast on Sunday, OSD Relief Aravind Kumar said here on Friday. It is predicted that the cyclone may cross the coast in Andhra Pradesh this year, probably in the vicinity of Visakhapatnam. Last year, around the same time, cyclone Phailin crossed the coast near Gopalpur in Odisha.
The cyclone is likely to be very severe and district administration has declared a holiday for all schools and educational institutions on Saturday and for all establishments and industries from second shift, he said,  after a review meeting with district administration, police, Navy and others.
He said one of the major challenges was persuading people living in low-lying areas to leave their homes and shift into shelters during the cyclone. "Most persons resist as they are not assured of protection of their goods which they would leave back home, it is the responsibility of the district administration and police to give them the assurance," he said. 
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams are being positioned in advance at vulnerable places to instil confidence among the residents. "Each NDRF team comprises 45 persons and it can be broken into three teams, which means that we have 33 teams available for deployment along the coast," Aravind Kumar said.
S.S Guleria, the DIG of the NDRF, said 20 teams were in Odisha and, depending on the course of the cyclone and the necessity, some of them may be brought to AP coast. At present, the NDRF teams were in readiness for deployment from Srikakulam to Kakinada and they would take all steps to minimise loss of lives, rescue people and also save cattle and other animals.
 
(This article was published on October 10, 2014)
Related

Kaziranga: Poaching  highway traffic  unplanned tourism ring alarm bells in IUCNPrint
The National Park has been continuously in the headlines in the past two years, especially with poaching accounting for the loss of 27 rhinos in 2013. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 10, 2014 6:36 pm | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:55 pm
Sudden increase in the number of incidents of rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park has sent alarm bells ringing at the International Union for Conservation of Nature, prompting it to express “significant concern” over the developments.
IUCN’s World Heritage Outlook, released a few days ago, has placed on record the fact that though Kaziranga had seen tremendous conservation success for decades, it now requires “enterprising and adaptive management strategies” to tackle the menace of poaching.
“The Kaziranga National Park is considered as one of the better managed Protected Areas in the country and elsewhere, owing both to its enabling framework and demonstrable success in conservation…. However, after decades of conservation success the recent spike in rhino poaching in the site is of particular concern,” IUCN’s World Heritage Outlook specifically said.
The 855-sq km National Park has been continuously in the headlines in the past two years, especially with poaching accounting for the loss of 27 rhinos in 2013. This year, even as three months are still left, Kaziranga has already lost 22 rhinos, with poachers escaping with the horn in almost all the cases. The last census carried out in 2013 had recorded 2329 rhinos in Kaziranga.
IUCN’s World Heritage Outlook took particular note of the changing dynamics of Kaziranga’s surrounding landscape, particularly with regard to the anthropogenic elements, and said these will be placing increasing pressure on the ecological integrity of the Park. “The current rhino poaching crisis has shown that the inevitable intensification of threats, current and potential, to the site will necessitate enterprising and adaptive management strategies to deal with the developing trend,” it said.
Pointing out that threat to the rhinos and Kaziranga National Park existed inside and outside of it, IUCN’s World Heritage Outlook also listed spread of invasive species (mimosa), livestock grazing, highway traffic, unplanned tourism infrastructure and seasonal flooding as additional current threats which have direct bearing on the wildlife and its habitat.
“Likewise, potential threats to the site which may pose challenge include the changing demographic and economic profile of the local population, illegal fishing and stone quarrying adjacent to the park, tourist pressure and river bank erosion. The predominantly anthropogenic drivers of these threats have long-term implications for the site from a conservation perspective,” it said.
Significantly, it was only recently that the Park authorities had submitted a detailed voluminous report to the Gauhati High Court, presenting in it a detailed study of Kaziranga National Park, and suggesting a slew of measures aimed at tackling poaching and all other threats that have subsequently found place in the IUCN report.

PMJDY: 5.52 cr A/Cs opened  Rs 4 268 cr mobi...insurance
(Finance Ministry today…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Ministry today said 5.52 crore bank accounts have been opened till October 7 and deposit of Rs 4,268 crore have been mobilised under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY).
"As on October 7, 2014, 5.52 crore accounts have been opened and a deposit of Rs 4,268 crore have been mobilised under PMJDY so far," the finance ministry said in a statement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28.
The benefit of PMJDY can be extended to existing account holders without opening a new account.
The statement said PMJDY was reviewed by Mission Director and other senior officers of public sector banks and major private sector banks on October 9.
"During the review, setting up of banking facilities through the Bank Mitrs as envisaged in PMJDY was emphasised. Senior Officers were asked to visit the field locations, carry out physical verification of the Bank Mitras," the statement said.
All banks were also asked to ensure ground level publicity, including wall painting and other relevant media to disseminate the message of PMJDY, it added.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with in-built Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This is an additional benefit that was announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HK democracy protesters digging in for long ...Hong Kong democracy protesters digging in for long haul
By AFP | 10 Oct, 2014, 06.40PM IST
Thousands of pro-democracy supporters took to Hong Kong's streets Friday night after protest leaders implored them to dig in for the long haul following the collapse of talks with the government
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Thousands of pro-democracy supporters took to Hong Kong's streets Friday night after protest leaders implored them to dig in for the long haul following the collapse of talks with the government.
But crowds numbers were below the tens of thousands seen during a series of mass rallies last week as protest leaders struggle to maintain their momentum.
Crunch negotiations between protesters and Beijing-backed city officials were slated for Friday, but fell apart Thursday after the government pulled out blaming protesters for threatening to expand their campaign.
The decision deepened the political crisis convulsing the Asian financial hub, with the failure of talks expected to reinvigorate mass rallies that have paralysed parts of the city for nearly two weeks.
Demonstrators are calling for Beijing to grant the former British colony full democracy and for the city's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to resign.
Under plans unveiled by China in August, Hong Kongers will be able to vote for Leung's successor in 2017, but only two to three vetted candidates will be allowed to stand -- something detractors have dismissed as a "fake democracy".
The movement's leaders are banking on both mustering significant numbers over the weekend and potentially expanding their sit-ins to keep pressure on the government.
At a mass rally Friday evening some 7,000 people gathered at the main protest site, a stretch of highway opposite the city government's headquarters, an AFP reporter on the scene said.
But while crowds were smaller than previous mass rallies, the protest sites have begun to take on an air of permanence, with tents, portable showers and even the occasional bed.
"I will continue to stay here until the government talks to us," Yuki Law, a 21-year-old nursing student told AFP.
Student leaders Friday blamed the government for pulling out of talks, and insisted they were still open to finding a middle ground.
But they vowed no let up in their occupation of parts of Hong Kong despite growing public anger over the disruption they have caused.
"Come to occupy the road outside the public headquarters, come bring your tents to show our persistence on long term occupy action," student leader Joshua Wong told supporters ahead of the planned mass gathering.
But if Hong Kong's leadership were rattled by the prospect of renewed large-scale protests they showed little sign of it.
City officials said Friday Chief Secretary Carrie Lam -- who had been due to lead the talks with students -- will leave for Guangzhou on Saturday on official business while Leung will head there Sunday.
Analysts Friday warned that the collapse of the talks pushes the confrontation between democracy protesters and the government into a dangerous phase, with neither side willing to back down.
"This is not a good sign now. The temperature is rising," Sunny Lo, a political analyst at the Hong Kong Institute of Education, told AFP.
But Michael DeGolyer , a professor at Hong Kong Baptist University , said a violent reaction from police was unlikely given it could reinvigorate the protest movement.
"They're not going to do the martyrdom thing. That would be a completely unnecessary act of dominance," he said.
Officers, however, hinted they might try and dismantle some of the barricades put up by protesters.
"If police take action to remove these obstacles, protesters must not obstruct our action," police official Kong Man-keung told reporters.
With patience among many Hong Kongers running out following days of disruption, pressure is mounting on both Leung and the protest leaders to solve the stalemate.
Leung's opponents were given a major boost this week when details emerged that he had kept secret large payments from an Australian company while he was in office.
The Beijing-backed chief executive has denied any wrongdoing, saying he was under no obligation to declare the earnings and that he did not work for any company while in office.
But opposition lawmakers have smelled blood, threatening to bring impeachment proceedings against him while the city's top prosecutor will probe the allegations after a complaint was lodged with Hong Kong's anti-corruption watchdog.
Observers say Leung's bosses in China show no signs of dropping their support for the embattled leader.
"For the time being, Beijing will continue to let him deal with the crisis," Surya Deva, a law professor at City University of Hong Kong told AFP.
"But if he messes it up further, his head could come into the firing line."

Hema Malini s chopper blade hits man at rallyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No numerical constraint for student visa: UK...BP
(Seeking to dispel concerns…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to dispel concerns over its strict student visa norms, UK Minister Vince Cable today said there is no "numerical constraint" for issuance of visa to Indian students.
"There is no numerical constraint (for). People are free to come if they get visa," Cable, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, said here.
The stringent visa norms have made it difficult for students, including from India, to stay and work after completing their degrees.
Cable acknowledged that there is a growing perception that Indian students are "not welcome".
"People who have graduated from the UK universities , they can stay and work. We want them in most cases," he said.
According to the Minister, a large number of young Indians have come to the UK to study and have also made contributions.
"About 2.50 lakh Indians have completed their degrees in the UK. But in the recent years, the perception have grown that they are not welcome ... they are very much welcome," he said at an event organised by Ficci here.
A UK degree us very much value for money, he said, adding the UK government has decided to raise Chevening scholarship by 400 per cent or four times.
The UK is set to announce 396 new scholarships in a bid to attract Indian students to British universities. The scholarships would apply across 57 British universities in 2015.
The senior Liberal Democrat MP is the one of the most outspoken critic of the UK government's immigration policies that have proved off-putting to overseas students, resulting in a sharp drop of students from India.
Besides, he said, a programme is being worked out whereby 25,000 students can come to India.
"We have now adopted Generation UK India programme where whereby 25,000 British students will come here over a 5 year period and they will look internship, attending summer school etc," he said.
Talking about UK investment, he said British companies have concluded more mergers and acquisition activities than any other investing companies over the last 5 years.
"The largest foreign investment in India is close to finalisation which is BP collaboration with Reliance. That would be the biggest investment," he said.
Asked about WTO, he said, "We want WTO to succeed. India clearly has one problem and we need to find how to make progress on that."
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel "close" to deal for London Mining:...Save precious time tracking your investments
JSW Steel Ltd, is nearing a deal to buy embattled West African iron ore miner London Mining Plc, a source with direct knowledge of the negotiations told Reuters.
Trading in London Mining's shares, which have lost almost all of their value this week, was halted on Friday afternoon.
"JSW is very close to a deal. It is almost 100 percent done," the source said.
JSW could not be reached for comment.
London Mining, which owns the Marampa mine in Sierra Leone, has been battling high costs, a sharp drop in iron ore prices and the impact of the Ebola virus on the region.
The company warned last week that it did not have enough cash to operate its only mine and that it was in talks about a potential "strategic investment".
On Friday, London Mining said the only potential investors left in the strategic process were unlikely to let the company continue as a going concern. It did not name the potential investors.
The company also said talks had ended with another unnamed investor that might have resulted in the company's equity having little value.
London Mining's equity was essentially wiped out on Wednesday, when it warned that its shares had "little or no value" as its lenders would no longer provide short-term funding.
Before the trading halt on Friday, the stock had more than tripled on hopes of an imminent deal. It last traded at 4.69 pence at 1410 GMT.
At Thursday's close, the company had a market capitalisation of $3.5 million, a fraction of its peak in 2011, when the shares traded above 400 pence.
London Mining is one of several small miners that set up in West Africa during the last big commodities boom on the back of rising demand for iron ore. They hoped to turn the region into a new producing frontier to compete with Australia and Brazil.
But they have struggled as larger, lower-cost producers such as Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton churned out cheaper ore and prices languished below $80 per tonne, from a peak of $195 per tonne in 2011.
Sources familiar with the matter said earlier this week that JSW Steel was in talks with London Mining, highlighting the growing appetite of Indian firms to secure raw materials abroad.
JSW, controlled by Indian billionaire Sajjan Jindal, has been on the lookout for raw materials and steelmaking capacity outside India, securing mining assets in Chile, Mozambique and the United States.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

No plea for Jayalalithaa s transfer from Bangalore jail: AIADMKprison
The ruling AIADMK on Friday distanced itself from reports that petitions had been filed in the Madras and Karnataka High Courts seeking to shift former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu.
In a statement in Chennai, headquarters secretary and Higher Education Minister P. Palaniappan said some mischievous persons with evil motives had filed these petitions and Ms. Jayalalithaa had nothing to do with them.
“When a petition seeking bail for her has been filed in the Supreme Court, her enemies have filed these petitions to create a bad name about her among the Judges,” said Mr Palaniappan.
Mr. Palaniappan also said a team of lawyers were dealing with her petitions and others should desist from moving courts on behalf of her.

US Stocks Open Mixed at End of a Wild WeekKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Watch South Korean activists launch $1 000 and 200 000 leaflets across the border to North KoreaSonali Kohli @Sonali_Kohli
October 10, 2014
North Korea tried to shoot down balloons carrying money and propaganda from South Korean activists today, leading to  an exchange in gunfire between the two countries.
Here’s the Reuters video of South Korean activists launching ten balloons with 200,000 anti-Pyongyang leaflets into the North Korean border village of Paju. They also included “400 DVDs and 300 books about life in South Korea, as well as $1,000 in cash,” according to The Verge .
The balloon drop came on the 69th anniversary of North Korea’s ruling Workers Party, a celebration from which North Korean ruler  Kim Jong Un was absent . Vice reported on Oct. 2 that Kim been deposed and that a coup is underway; however, Reuters sources refuted that claim  this week, saying Kim is still in control but recuperating from a leg injury.
The balloon drop and the exchange of fire— which happens occasionally over a disputed maritime border but less often on land— may threaten talks  (paywall) set to begin in Seoul on Oct. 11. North Korean stability is a national security priority for both China and South Korea since the collapse of the Kim regime could prompt floods of refugees to either country.
Activists in the southern nation, including North Korean defectors, have used helium balloons to get their message across the border in the past.
Share this:

Kailash Satyarthi  8th Indian to be honoured with Nobel PrizeKailash Satyarthi, 8th Indian to be honoured with Nobel Prize
CNN | Oct 10, 2014 at 08:47pm
Kailash Satyarthi, the man behind NGO 'Bachpan Bachao Andolan', has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize 2014 for his work towards protection of child rights.
Smriti Irani fumes as media has a field day over her visit to astrologer
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Kailash Satyarthi  Malala Yousafzai share Nobel Peace Prize 2014Kailash Satyarthi, Malala Yousafzai share Nobel Peace Prize 2014
| Oct 11, 2014 at 07:37am
Child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai shared the Nobel Peace Prize 2014 'for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.'
Smriti Irani fumes as media has a field day over her visit to astrologer
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Prostitution racket busted in Goa  2 victims rescuedOct 10, 2014 at 08:33pm IST
Prostitution racket busted in Goa, 2 victims rescued
12
0
Panaji: The Goa Police Crime Branch has busted a prostitution racket, arresting five pimps and rescuing two victims, police said on Friday.
One pimp Harvinder Singh from Chandigarh is aged 30 while all the others are in their 20s, police said.
The other accused have been identified as Saurabh Amarnath Bajaj, 25, Pradeep Balwinder Singh, 22, Vicky Gurvindra Singh, 25, (all from Punjab) and Taveen Kumar, 24, from Haryana.
One pimp Harvinder Singh from Chandigarh is aged 30 while all the others are in their 20s, police said.
They have been booked under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act.
2
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Today LEGO Dumped Shell - Here s Why It Matters to Us Allreddit
LEGO's decision to break its 50 year partnership with Shell is - as they say in America - kind of a big deal. Despite their best attempts to downplay its significance, this was a multimillion dollar partnership that had delivered real benefits to the oil giant over the years. That LEGO chose to break it in response to a huge wave of public pressure is both a major blow to Shell and the cultural influence of the oil industry itself.
The origins of this campaign lie in Shell's reckless push to drill for oil in the Arctic, a place of unparalleled beauty which is only accessible to oil companies because it's melting away. As you might imagine, this kind of project requires a gigantic effort on Shell's part, from securing licenses to lobbying politicians, before finally hiring all the kit to sink the drill bit into the mud. But big oil companies also need a different type of license, one that is granted by the public in a far less tangible way. Within the industry it's so well established that it even has its own term - the 'social license to operate'. This is what the LEGO deal was all about.
By placing its logo in thousands of playrooms around the world, Shell tried to insulate itself against anyone who claims that oil companies have no long term place in our society. Children who grow up with Shell toys are less likely to criticise the brand in later life, and are more inclined to believe the company when it claims that spills, fires and accidents are just the cost of doing business. If you think this is fanciful, ask a marketing expert why they focus on children . Not only do our kids influence the way we think and act, they are the opinion formers of tomorrow. And Shell has been trying to buy them off.
A few bright sparks in the comment threads have pointed out that LEGO bricks themselves are made from oil, as if this is this killer argument that undermines everything we're trying to achieve. Well, sure they are, for now. But LEGO has pledged to find alternative, non fossil based materials for its bricks in the coming years. In fact, this Danish company has shown real determination to go beyond oil and gas, including a pledge to use only renewable energy across all of its factories and offices. This kind of progressive thinking is completely at odds with Shell's business model, which is predicated on an ever growing supply of fossil fuels that would have disastrous consequences for all of us.
In a wider sense, today's announcement aligns LEGO with other progressive (but hardly marginal) brands like Google, Unilever and Facebook who are setting the pace in today's world. Google's use of renewable energy is particularly impressive, building huge solar arrays to power the giant data centres that run so much of our lives. Something is happening at the CEO level of these firms. There is a growing sense that it's time to get on the right side of history, or become history yourself. Despite LEGO's rather begrudging announcement of today's news (provoked, no doubt, by a furious PR team at Shell) the company will benefit from aligning itself with those that have a positive vision for the future. Its fans will love it even more, and children around the world, in particular, will no longer associate LEGO with a company that is increasingly associated with a negative impact on our society.
Of course this will not stop Arctic drilling on its own, and we still face a major battle to contend with the giant PR budgets of these industrial machines. But working alongside our millions of supporters, cultural leaders and allies like Liberate Tate we will continue to examine the role of oil companies in our culture. From university students pushing their faculties to divest from fossil fuels , to individual acts of rebellion at sponsored science fairs , we are seeing the start of something new. Shell might have all the money in the world (not to mention most of our elected politicians on speed dial), but we have creativity, disruption, and history on our side. Brick by brick, we're building a movement to shake things up.
Follow James Turner on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jamesturn
More:

Subramanian Swamy defamationChennai: The Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has filed a defamation suit against the senior BJP leader Dr Subramanian Swamy. Swamy in his letter to the Prime ...
Also Try

Andhra Pradesh Gunturen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guntur_district    Cached
Guntur district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, is in the delta on the southeast coast of India where the Krishna River empties into the Bay of Bengal.
guntur.nic.in    Cached
Guntur is a district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh on the east coast of Bay of Bengal.

Jayalalitha bail appealcourt-for-bail.html    Cached
Jayalalitha's Lawyer appealed to the court to reduce the sentence to less than one year on account of her health condition and old age. The lawyers are also seeking ...

Boy on fire Hyderabadwww.youtube.com/watch?v=XkTqN7iDqRc    Cached
A 11 year old boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 60 per cent burn injuries in the incident. Watch ABN ...
Also Try

Saansad Adarsh Gram YojanaNehru-Modi-bids...    Cached
The dedication of "Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana" to Jai Prakash Narayan, to a packed house of MPs and panchayat representatives from states, marked a ...
saanjhi.gov.in/aboutus.aspx    Cached
On India’s Independence Day, the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, made a commitment to launch the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAANJHI). Holding ...

Is the renminbi set to slumpSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Depreciating currencies and EM inflation  watch outSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Sensex drops 340 points ahead of Aug IIP; Infosys zooms 7%Sensex drops 340 points ahead of Aug IIP; Infosys zooms 7%
Surabhi Roy | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 03:52 PM IST
Benchmark shares indices shaved off most of the previous session gains amid weak global cues even as Infosys surged nearly 7% on the back of better-than-expected second  quarter earnings and its new chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision to re-emerge as the IT sector's bellwether through consistent profitable growth.
Further, investors have turned cautious ahead of the August industrial production data due later during the day.
The 30-share Sensex plunged 340 points at 26,297 and the 50-share Nifty dropped 101 points to trade at 7,860.
In the broader markets, the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped by nearly 1%, almost in line with the benchmark index.
The market breadth in BSE ended weak with 1,908 declining and 998 shares advancing.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 20.89 crore on Thursday.
At 15:45, the rupee was trading at 61.25 against the US currency, on sustained bouts of dollar demand from importers amid weak domestic equities and bullish greenback overseas.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian shares dropped while Brent crude oil prices tumbled to their lowest since 2010 on Friday after weak German export data raised fears that Europe's economic woes could drag down the global economy.   
Japan's Nikkei share average fell for a fourth straight day on Friday, hitting a two-month low on concern about the global economy, and falling crude oil prices hurt oil shares.
The Nikkei share average ended 1.2% down at 15,300.55, the lowest closing since Aug. 13. For the week, the benchmark dropped 2.6%. Japanese markets are closed on Monday for a national holiday.
The broader Topix fell 1.4% to 1,243.09, and the Nikkei Index 400 declined 1.4% to 11,306.62.
INFOSYS Q2 RESULTS
Infosys, India’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, today cheered investors by posting a strong growth for July-September 2015 (Q2FY15), beating estimates on most fronts, as well as announcing a bonus share issue. Additionally, in line with expectations, the company left its revenue growth guidance for FY15 unchanged at 7-9%.
To investors’ surprise, Infosys announced a one-for-one bonus share issue. Several analysts term this move as “Sikka’s gift for the Street”. Further, the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 30 per equity share as compared to Rs 20 in the previous year.
Infosys was the top gainer, rising nearly 7% to end at Rs 3,845 on the BSE after the company reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 3,096 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Metal index plunged by over 4% followed by counters like Auto, FMCG, Banks, Capital Goods, Power and Realty, all slipping between 1-2%. However, BSE IT index gained by nearly 2%.
The main losers on the Sensex were Tata Motors, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, M&M, ITC, HDFC, Bharti Airtel and HUL.
Shares of metal companies ended lower by up to 6% on the NSE on the back of swift retreat in Chinese demand for iron ore and coal which in turn led the global iron ore prices to touch near five-year lows and local coal prices to their weakest in six years.
Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Jindal Steel, Hindalco, Jindal Steel, JSW Steel, NMDC and Coal India were down 1-5% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Tata Motors was the top Sensex loser, down over 5%. Fitch Ratings has revised the Outlook on Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC's (JLR), subsidiary of Tata Motors, outlook to "Positive" from "stable" on continued strong operational performance.
Cigarette maker and index heavyweight ITC lost over 3% as investors are not betting on the stock on fears of weaker sales and profits from the cigarette division.
On the gaining side, BHEL continued to benefit after bagging Ennore supercritical power project. The stock gained nearly 1%.
Hero Motocorp gained nearly 1% after the company launched two 100cc bikes priced at Rs 48,650 and Rs 51,550 each ahead of the festive season.
Pharma majors Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs along with RIL were some of the notable Sensex gainers up between 0.1-0.6% each.
Among other shares, Aban Offshore soared 11% to Rs 630, bouncing back 15% from intra-day low on NSE, after the company said it has received orders worth of Rs 1,114 crore from state-owned oil exploration and production firm Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) for deployment of jack-up rig.
Shares of aviation companies like Jet Airways (India) and Spicejet rallied by up to 9% in otherwise weak market on back of heavy volumes on the bourses.
Cairn India fell 4% as HSBC downgrades the stock to "underweight" from "neutral" and says production from key oil field in Rajasthan will peak in fiscal year 2016.

Who is Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash SatyarthiWho is Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi?
BS Web Team | Mumbai Oct 10, 2014 04:02 PM IST
Kailash Satyarthi on Friday became only the second Indian to be awarded the prestigious Nobel Peace Prize. He shared the award with Pakistani child rights activist Malala Yousufzai, who shot to the limelight two years ago after she was shot in the face by Taliban gunmen for insisting on going to school. 
 
Satyarthi is a Delhi-based child rights activist who runs the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA), or Save Childhood Movement. So far, his organisation claims to have freed more than 80,000 children from child labour. 
ALSO READ:  Kailash Satyarthi: A profile
 
The organization creates consumer resistance across the globe to products made by children in bonded labour. They also facilitate legal and advocacy work.
 
In an interview to the Wall Street Journal in 2011, Satyarthi said that he realised over a period of time that it wasn’t possible to change the system single-handedly and so he formed Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA). He believes that BBA isn’t a typical NGO but more of a movement.
 
He is also largely accredited for enactment and adoption of national and international legislations, treaties and conventions as well as the constitutional amendment on child labour and education
 
Satyarthi was also instrumental in starting and popularising the ‘Rugmark’ label (now rebranded as Goodweave), which indicates that no child labour was used in the manufacture of a piece of clothing in South Asia.
 
He has been awarded with the Freedom Award (US) in 2006, the Medal of the Italian Senate (2007), the Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award (1995), the Friedrich Ebert Stiftung Award from Germany in 1999 and the Alfonso Comin International Award from Spain in 2008. 
 
JUMP IN KAILASH SATYARTHI'S TWITTER FOLLOWERS TODAY | Create Infographics
Who is Kailash Satyarthi
Born: 11 January 1954, Vidisha, India
1975- 80: Graduated in Electrical Engineering, diploma in high voltage engineering and later taught at a college in Bhopal.
1980: Founded and edited Hindi fortnightly, The struggle shall continue, which focused on human rights issues.    
1983: Founded the Bachpan Bachao Andolan, a movement campaigning for rights of children.Over 80,000 children saved so far through the movement from child labour.
1989: Co- Founded the South Asian Coalition on Child Servitude (SACCS).
1994: Started Rugmark, a social labeling program in which rugs are labeled and certified to be child-labour-free by factories that agree to be regularly inspected.
1995: Won the Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award.
1998: Organized the Global march against Child Labour across 103 countries
2004: Brutally attacked while rescuing children from a local circus, Great Roman Circus. Attacked again in 2011 while rescuing children from garment sweatshops in Delhi.
2011: Bal Mitra Gram (BMG) programme started in 2011 where child labourers are withdrawn from work to be enrolled in school.
Member of a High Level Group formed by UNESCO on Education for All comprising of select Presidents, Prime Ministers and UN Agency Heads.
Indian government yet to confer any civilian award on him so far.
Gordon Brown, Former Prime Minister of UK visited in during his state visit in 2009.
Timeline compiled by Manu Balachandran
10 well-known Nobel Peace Prize winners

South Americas slowdown: its different this timeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Aug IIP growth slower than expected at 0.4%Aug IIP growth slower than expected at 0.4%
Reuters | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 05:41 PM IST
India's industrial output grew a much slower-than-expected 0.4% year-on-year in August, dragged down by weak investments and consumer demand, government data showed on Friday.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast the output to grow 2.4%. Industrial production expanded a revised 0.4% year-on-year in July.

Satyarthi: Child rights activist & now Nobel winner | "Will continue my fight"Kailash Satyarthi: Electrical engineer, child rights activist & now Nobel winner
By Agencies | 10 Oct, 2014, 07.30PM IST
0
Share More
While growing up, Satyarthi has said he was concerned about the plight of child labourers around him and it finally prompted him to start an organised movement.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to dedicate himself to protecting and advancing child rights for over three decades now, freeing 80,000 child labourers and giving them new hope in life.
It is largely due to his doggedness and zeal that NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan has emerged as by far the most prominent child rights group in the country even as 60-year-old Satyarthi rose to become a global voice for the children's cause.
He has passionately argued that child trafficking and labour perpetuate poverty, unemployment, illiteracy and population growth.
From the factories exploiting children in the country's biggest cities like Delhi and Mumbai to the hinterland of Odisha and Jharkhand where children are still illegally employed as bonded labourers, his organisation has rescued them in almost all parts of country.
He has advocated for stricter laws against child trafficking and labour and met with mixed success so far.
While growing up, Satyarthi has said he was concerned about the plight of child labourers around him and it finally prompted him to start an organised movement.
His early attempts to raid factories employing child labourers met with hostile reaction from the factory owners and at times the police but the significance of his work was slowly recognised.
He also played an important role in the movement for Right to Education law for free compulsory education to children.
Several prestigious awards have been conferred on him, including Defenders of Democracy Award (2009-US), Medal of the Italian Senate (2007-Italy), Robert F Kennedy International Human Rights Award (USA) and Fredric Ebert International Human Rights Award (Germany) etc.
He created the Global March Against Child Labour, a movement that is active in many countries. He is also credited with establishing Rugmark, now known as Good Weave, in 1994. It is a kind of social certification for child labour free carpets in South Asia.
Satyarthi has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize many times in the past for his his relentless crusade for defending child rights
Satyarthi is the first India-born person to have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and the seventh Indian Nobel laureate. Mother Teresa, who was born in Albania, was the first Indian Nobel peace prize winner. She was honoured in 1979.
KAILASH SATYARTHI
January 11, 1954, in Vidisha, India.
EARLY YEARS
As a boy, Satyarthi was moved by other children who had to work, and whose parents were too poor to send them to school. He started a football club with membership fees paying the school fees of needy children. He and a friend collected donations of 2,000 schoolbooks in a single day, a project that eventually became a book bank in his town.
FIGHTING CHILD LABOR IN INDIA
Satyarthi has helped free children from slave-labor conditions and advocated for reforms, as director of the South Asia Coalition on Child Servitude and leader of Bachpan Bachao Andolan. In 1994, he founded a group now known as Goodweave, which certifies child-labor-free rugs and provides assistance to rescued and at-risk children.
GLOBAL MARCH AGAINST CHILD LABOR
In 1998, Satyarthi was chairman of a global march against child labor that wound through more than 60 countries around the world. Children rescued from jobs in Asia, Africa and Latin America were among more than 1,000 people who ended the march in Geneva, at a conference of the International Labor Organization. A year later, the ILO approved an accord designed to protect children from jobs that expose them to danger or exploitation.
AWARDS
Many, including the Aachen Peace Prize (1994), the Robert F Kennedy Human Rights Award (1995), Friedrich Ebert Stiftung Human Rights Award (1999), and Parliamentarians for Global Action's Defender of Democracy Award (2009).
FAMILY
Married with two children.
QUOTE
"Child slavery is a crime against humanity. Humanity itself is at stake here. A lot of work still remains but I will see the end of child labor in my lifetime."
(With inputs from PTI & AP)

Microsoft s Nadella Apologizes for Pay Comments: MemoClick to email this to a friend
After making an unfortunate gender-related gaffe onstage at a women’s tech event today, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella issued a memo to employees apologizing for comparing pay issues for women to “karma.”
In the interview with Harvey Mudd College’s Maria Klawe, who is also a Microsoft board member, he said that women needed to trust “karma” if they don’t get the raise they want.
Nadella furiously backpedaled in the memo, which was the right thing to do and to do quickly:
“Toward the end of the interview, Maria asked me what advice I would offer women who are not comfortable asking for pay raises. I answered that question completely wrong. Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it’s deserved, Maria’s advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
That was in reaction to his interview, which was at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, a high-profile annual event for top women techies.
“It’s not really about asking for a raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will give you the right raise,” said Nadella earlier today. “That might be one of the initial ‘super powers,’ that quite frankly, women who don’t ask for a raise have.”
Added the longtime Microsoft veteran: “It’s good karma. It will come back.”
As Nadella found out after a bad reaction to his remarks, karma does come back and, in this case, not very nicely.
Thus, his very quick apology.
Here it is:
Sent: Thursday, October 9, 2014 5:24 PM
To: Microsoft — All Employees (QBDG); Retail: All FTE
Subject: RE: Empowering Others
All — Today I was interviewed on stage by Maria Klawe at the Grace Hopper Conference — I encourage you to watch the video. It was great to spend time with so many women passionate about technology. I was honored to be a part of it and I left the conference energized and inspired.
Toward the end of the interview, Maria asked me what advice I would offer women who are not comfortable asking for pay raises. I answered that question completely wrong. Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it’s deserved, Maria’s advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.
I said I was looking forward to the Grace Hopper Conference to learn, and I certainly learned a valuable lesson. I look forward to speaking with you at our monthly Q&A next week and am happy to answer any question you have.
Satya
And here is another memo he sent out the day before to employees about the event:
From: Satya Nadella
Sent: Wednesday, October 8, 2014 6:18 AM
To: Microsoft — All Employees (QBDG); Retail: All FTE
Subject: Empowering Others
At Microsoft, we are passionate about creating technology that impacts the world and empowers people and organizations to do more and achieve more. This big vision demands that we have a vibrant and diverse workforce — an issue all companies in the technology industry face today. However, now is the time for us to get more involved and that’s just what we’re doing this week.
First, today kicks off an initiative to bring the Hour of Code to 100 million youth during Computer Science Education Week, Dec. 8–14, 2014. Microsoft is proud to be a lead supporter of this global movement that helps students discover the fun of coding and, more importantly, how it can be a catalyst to create and achieve great things. There are opportunities for every Microsoft employee to get involved as a teacher or mentor. For those new to coding — give it a try yourself. Get involved, I am.
Second, this Thursday, I’ll join hundreds of other Microsoft employees and more than 8,000 female engineers from around the world at the annual Grace Hopper Conference. I’m going to the conference to learn and to listen. I’m also going with the hope of inspiring talented female engineers to continue pursuing careers in technology while also making valuable connections with potential candidates for Microsoft. While there, I’ll be interviewed on stage by Maria Klawe — a member of Microsoft’s Board of Directors and president of Harvey Mudd College — to further the discussion on women in technology.
It is an amazing time to be in tech — the pace of innovation and opportunity to make an impact are boundless. These efforts are part of what Lisa mentioned in her mail last week to increase the pipeline for tomorrow’s technology leaders both within our company and across the industry.
Let’s see what we can achieve together.
Satya

Infosys can regain industry-leader position: Vishal SikkaInfosys can regain industry-leader position: Vishal Sikka
Lanco in talks to sell stake in Griffin coal...Lanco Infratech Ltd in talks to sell stake in Griffin coal mine
By Reuters | 10 Oct, 2014, 08.34PM IST
In a statement the company said discussions were in progress with "some strategic/financial investors" over a possible stake sale.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Indian infrastructure firm Lanco Infratech Ltd is in talks with investors to sell a stake in its Griffin coal mine in Australia and some road projects, it said on Friday, as part of its strategy to pay down a hefty debt burden
Lanco, which has been negotiating with lenders to restructure its debts since last year, has been seeking to sell assets to return to profitability and repay net debt which stood at about 360 billion rupees ($5.9 billion) at the end of March.
It said last month it would sell power projects to raise $825 million to pay down debt.
The company, which acquired Griffin Coal Mining Co for about $760 million in 2011, plans to increase annual mining capacity at the largest coal mine in Australia four-fold to around 18 million tons by 2018, according to the company's website.
In a statement to the stock exchange, the company said discussions were in progress with "some strategic/financial investors" over a possible stake sale .
The company added the discussions were preliminary and no definitive action was in process.
Lanco, which produces power, builds roads and constructs residential and commercial buildings, in July last year started a process to restructure debts totalling $1.3 billion after economic weakness hurt some of its core businesses.
It had said then that the debt restructuring would not impact its Australian business.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

North Korean leader absent during important eventNorth Korean leader absent during important event
FB s Zuckerberg meets PM Modi | Think how social media can stop terror  says PMYou are here: Home > Collections
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg meets PM Narendra Modi & IT minister, agrees to partner govt in NOFN project
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 11, 2014, 12.15PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Zuckerberg, 30, was on a…)
NEW DELHI: India could be the first country in which Facebook deploys drones to provide broadband connectivity in remote and inaccessible areas, with CEO Mark Zuckerberg proposing a pilot project to bridge this digital divide during his meeting with communications and information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday.
According to people familiar with the discussions, the minister sought Facebook as a partner in the National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN) programme, which aims to connect 2.5 lakh village panchayats through high-speed broadband by 2017. "Zuckerberg readily agreed," one of the persons told ET.
He proposed that Facebook could contribute to India's Rs 21,000-crore NOFN project on last-mile connectivity. He spoke of alternate technology such as drones and satellite communications playing a critical part in this last-mile linkage.
"He said the company was keen on testing the pilot project in a few states in India, especially Seemandhra, given the state's emphasis on technology," the person added.
Facebook's Connectivity Lab is actively developing large, inexpensive, solar-powered drones that will be able to fly for years at a time, the division's engineering director Yael Maguire announced earlier this year. These unmanned vehicles will be about the size of a Boeing 747 but weigh only as much as four car tyres while serving as large connectivity hubs.
Keen on India Initiatives
At the Delhi meeting on Friday, Facebook also expressed its willingness to set up a server in India to handle the data transmitted through the drones and other alternative technology and comply with the government's security requirements, according to another person who spoke to ET.
According to people at the hour-long meeting, which included officials of the telecom department and the company, the usually shy billionaire was very forthcoming, listing a number of initiatives in which the Facebook wanted to partner with the Indian government such as e-health, education, providing free basic services and alternative technologies. Facebook didn't respond to ET's request for comment.
Under the government's ambitious Digital India initiative, the government plans use the NOFN project to deliver e-services in areas such as health, education etc to every nook and corner of the country.
However, reaching the end consumer--homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions-—may require wireless technology, particularly in hard-to-reach areas. This is where Facebook senses an opportunity to use its yet-to-be-developed drones.
  Facebook also sought the nomination of senior ministry officials it could liaise with on such projects, to which the minister immediately agreed. "We have dedicated some officials from my ministry to work closely with Facebook on their proposals to expand digital services in the country," Prasad said.
Two joint secretaries - one each from telecom and IT - will be the single-point contacts for the social networking giant, especially on modalities related to the alternate technology, including drones, that Facebook proposes to deploy in India, subject to security clearances.
To be sure, while the Indian government is keen on Facebook's participation in promoting local entrepreneurship and developing localised content for the Digital India programme, it remains to be seen whether it will allow unmanned drones to operate in the country.
The Mumbai police recently raised objections when a food outlet used a four-rotor drone to deliver pizza. Such airborne devices could face questions from the aviation regulator apart from any misgivings the security establishment may have.
Zuckerberg, 30, was on a two-day visit to India, during which he met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prasad, besides industry leaders. He also delivered the keynote address at the internet.
org summit. The notfor-profit internet.org partnership was set up last year by Facebook along with mobile phone technology providers Samsung, Mediatek, Qualcomm, Nokia, Opera Software and Ericsson.
It's aimed at providing affordable internet access across the globe. Addressing the summit in the capital on Thursday, Zuckergberg had said that more than 1 billion people in India didn't have access to the Net and that he would discuss this with Modi.
The drones that Facebook is developing would fly at a height of 60,000 to 90,000 feet above the ground, far above commercial jetliners and at a level where they wouldn't be affected by the weather, effectively making them invisible.
In order to continuously provide Wi-Fi coverage, they would be powered by the sun, Maguire had said, adding that these could be tested in the US as early as next year.
Search engine giant Google is another tech firm looking at ways of providing internet access through drones and balloons. In April, Google outbid Facebook for US dronemaker Titan Aerospace. Facebook subsequently acquired UK-based drone company Ascenta for $20 m.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hudhud: Odisha deploys NDRF  set to evacuate...Andhra Pradesh
(With the meteorological…)
BHUBANESWAR: With the meteorological department issuing warning on the "very severe cyclonic storm" set to hit the coast near Visakhapatnam on Sunday, Odisha government today deployed NDRF and ODRF to evacuate around 3.5 lakh people.
As the cyclonic storm Hudhud is all set to cross north Andhra Pradesh near Vishakhapatanam, Odisha government deployed 25 units - (each comprising 40 personnel), 15 of NDRF and 10 of ODRF besides fire service men in vulnerable places in different parts of the state.
The IMD has issued Orange Message on the impending storm. "As southern region is likely to be more affected by wind, heavy rainfall and consequent floods, collectors of eight districts of Malkangiri, Koraput, Nabarangpur, Rayagada, Gajapati, Ganjam, Kalahandi and Kandhamal, have been asked to carefully assess and evacuate all vulnerable population to safe buildings," Chief Secretary G C Pati told reporters.
As cyclone and flood situation are new for the tribal population in these districts, the administration have been facing difficulty to convince the people for evacuation.
"We have engaged public announcement system and local community leaders to ensure that all the people living in kutcha houses are taken to safe places by tomorrow forenoon," Pati said.
"We have asked the collectors that no one should remain inside 'kutcha houses' in Malkangiri district. All the people living in 'kutcha' houses need to be evacuated to safe place," Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) P K Mohapatra said, adding this was being done keeping the state's commitment of "zero casualty" as target.
Sources said about 3 lakh to 3.5 lakh people including those living in the coast of Ganjam would be evacuated.
The SRC also asked the district authorities to start free kitchen where evacuation is undertaken. The districts are also told to stock adequate quantity of dryfood, he said.
Though the state government was expecting that the maximum wind speed in the areas adjoining Andhra Pradesh would remain within 100 kmph, it feared that heavy rainfall could create problem for the people. "The rainfall could be in the range of 10 cm to 25 cm within a span of only 36 hours from tomorrow afternoon," said Mohapatra.
He said besides the eight identified districts, many other places would also receive rainfall from tomorrow afternoon till Monday afternoon as per the IMD prediction.
Preparations were made to deal with possible flood in rivers like Rushikulya, Bamsadhara and Nagavali due to heavy rains that would accompany the cyclone.
As a precautionary measure 35 trains passing through the east coast would be cancelled while several others diverted, East Coast Railway (ECoR) said in a release here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Burdwan blast: With NIA in  Mamata accuses Modi of attacking federalism19
0
Kolkata: In the wake of NIA taking up the probe in the Oct 2 explosion in West Bengal, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday hit out at the Narendra Modi government for "interfering in state matters and jeopardising federalism".
"It is expected that Centre and the States do not encroach upon the areas of activities of others. But, now-a-days, the central government tends to frequently and unnecessarily interfere in state matters what is not at all expected as per our Constitution," Banerjee, also the Trinamool Congress chief said, on her Facebook page.
Notwithstanding the Banerjee regime's opposition, the union home ministry Thursday directed the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to probe the explosion in Khagragarh in Burdwan district in which two militants were killed and another injured.
Banerjee also attacked the Modi government over the public broadcaster Doordarshan live telecasting the annual Vijaya Dashmi address of Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat.
#mamata banerjee #west bengal #nia #burdwan blast
While the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Communist Party of India-Marxist have been pressing for a NIA probe alleging the Trinamool of trying to cover up the probe, the ruling party has been constantly expressing its faith on the state police and opposed the NIA probe contending it would be an attack on federalism.
Banerjee also attacked the Modi government over the public broadcaster Doordarshan live telecasting the annual Vijaya Dashmi address of Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat.
"Even certain controversial matters are coming up in electronic media like Doordarshan and private channels are being persuaded, resulting in fomenting communal tension in different states. This is being done with active support of the Central Government, which is acting like a political party.
"This practice is unprecedented, undemocratic and unethical. This marks a dangerous signal of violation of the Constitutional norms, jeopardizing the federal structure and democratic fibre of our country," added Banerjee.
59

T N Ninan: Modi on the moveT N Ninan: Modi on the move
OBO Bettermann s Rs 80 cr facility near ChennaiOBO Bettermann s Rs 80 cr facility near Chennai
Satyarthi  Malala agree to work for Indo-Pak peaceSatyarthi  Malala agree to work for Indo-Pak peace
Chinese premier: confident of Hong Kong stabilityChinese premier: confident of Hong Kong stability
Polytex India s board meeting on Oct 18  2014Polytex India s board meeting on Oct 18  2014
Jindal Saw: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Nov 09  2014)Jindal Saw: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Nov 09  2014)
Pakistan taught  befitting lesson   says PM Modi after decline in firingAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

Rescue teams on alert as Hudhud turns into  very severe cyclonic storm38 trains cancelled as cyclone Hudhud picks up momentum
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/visakhapatnam/Bhubaneswar, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:08 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:56 IST(11/10/2014)
Comments
Cyclone Hudhud was upgraded to a “very severe cyclonic storm” on Friday as it hurtled towards India’s east coast, where it is expected to make landfall near Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh by Sunday noon.
Tourists have been asked not to enter into Puri sea beach during high tides as cyclone Hudhud looms large. (HT photo)
The governments in Andhra and Odisha, which also lies in the storm’s path, will start massive evacuations on Saturday and has put the local administration on high alert. In Visakhapatnam alone, about 35,000 people need to be evacuated from 57 coastal villages and moved to 40 relief camps.
“The storm will gain in intensity and hit the coast at a speed of 140-150 kmph with wind speeds of up to 165kmph,” India Meteorological Department director general Dr LS Rathore said.
Rising waters of the cyclone would inundate low lying areas of Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of Andhra, he added.
The gathering storm comes almost exactly one year after Phailin, also a ‘very severe cyclonic storm’, hit the Odisha coast, bringing gales of 200-220kmph that killed nearly 30 people and displaced more than 400,000.
“We are expecting Hudhud’s intensity to decrease 12 hours after hitting the coast,” Rathore said, forecasting rain in parts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana. There will be no impact on the climate in Delhi, he added.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has dispatched 39 teams — 1,573 personnel and 193 boats — to vulnerable places in the two states. “The Centre is closely monitoring Hudhud’s progression,” said home minister Rajnath Singh, after speaking to the chief ministers of Odisha, Andhra and Telangana.
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) and district administration person during a mock drill before Cyclonic Storm ‘Hudhud’ near beach area, in Puri. (HT Photo)
Schools and colleges in Visakhapatnam will be closed on Saturday. Fishing operations have been suspended in six districts of Andhra and four in Odisha.
“If people don’t leave even after the warnings, police will be used to evacuate them,” said Visakhapatnam district magistrate N Yuvaraj.
The armed forces are also on alert with four warships of the Eastern Naval Command and six naval aircraft on standby for rescue operations and airdropping of relief material. The Coast Guard has deployed 17 ships and nine aircraft.
The cyclone is also set to hit railway services with 38 trains cancelled and 31 diverted. Flight operations at Visakhapatnam airport would also be affected.
In Odisha, officials said heavy rainfall was expected in eight districts for the next two days. Rescue personnel have started mock drills in at least 323 multi-purpose cyclone shelters. “If necessary, people in the eight districts will be evacuated to cyclone shelters,” Odisha special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said.
The scare is evident in Odisha’s Ganjam district, badly hit by Phailin. At Gopalpur, where Phailin made landfall, the beaches looked deserted on Friday. “At least 80% tourists have cancelled their bookings,” said a hotel owner.

Why Kailash Satyarthi deserves the Nobel prizeWhy Kailash Satyarthi deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
HT Data Team , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 20:06 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:39 IST(11/10/2014)
Child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi, named co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, is credited with freeing tens of thousands of children working as cheap labour in homes, factories, construction and other jobs.
 
Satyarthi, 60, has been a leading activist against child labour in India, home to the largest number of working children in the world, according to the charity ChildLine, despite a 2010 law decreeing all youngsters between six and 14 must attend school.
 
Satyarthi, who trained as an electrical engineer, founded in 1980 the Bachpan Bachao Andolan or Save Childhood Movement which rescues children working in horrifying conditions. The movement has rescued 80,000 children till now across India.
The magnitude of Satyarthi's fight
 
According to census data, there were 12.6 million child labourers in 2001. In 2011, the number was 4.3 million. But according to many NGO sources there are 60 million child workers in India at present.
As per the latest data available, around 1.2 million children are working in hazardous conditions. Pan, bidi and cigarette manufacturing industries employ the largest number of child labourers, followed by construction business and domestic work.
 
The most challenging part of the struggle against child labour lies in bringing employers to justice. A large number of cases are filed against people who employ children but the conviction rate is very low.
 
Between 2011 and 2013, 35,151 cases were registered under child labor (prohibition and regulation) act, 1986. Out of which only 13,578 were prosecuted while a mere 3,077 (8% of the total cases registered) cases resulted in conviction.   
In the same time period, Delhi had the highest number of cases (18,235) registered under child labour act, followed by Andhra Pradesh (8,866) and Punjab (2,393). However, the conviction rate in Delhi and Andhra Pradesh was less than 1%, while Punjab did better with a conviction rate of 60%.
With more than 4.3 million children out there to be rescued and with the conviction rates dwindling at less than 1% in some states, Kailash Satyarthi's fight against child labour is a tough one.
*It must be noted that the conviction rates for Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra are not available yet. Moreover, these are the official statistics, the actual numbers may be higher.
Story Ideation and written by : Sourjya Bhowmick (@sourjyabhowmik)
Edited and visualized by : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Malala wants Modi  Sharif to attend award ceremonyprint
Malala Yousafzai speaks during a media conference at the Library of Birmingham, in Birmingham, England, after she was named as winner of The Nobel Peace Prize. (AP Photo)
Malala Yousafzai, the youngest ever Nobel Peace Prize winner, on Friday requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to be present when the prize is awarded to her and Indian winner Kailash Satyarthi in Oslo on 10 December.
Making a statement in Birmingham after finishing school, she said she had spoken to Satyarthi, and had asked him also to request Modi to attend the event. She said she would similarly request Sharif for his participation.
Malala, 17, said she was honoured to be chosen for the award and for sharing it with Satyarthi, whose "great work for child rights, against child slavery inspired me". He 'totally deserved' the award, she said.
Referring to current tension between India and Pakistan on the international border, Malala expressed her disappointment and said she wanted both countries to hold dialogue and focus on education and development.
Recalling her unfortunate experience with the Taliban in the Swat valley in Pakistan, she said she earlier wanted to be study and be a doctor, but now she wanted to be a 'good politician'.
Malala was told by a teacher during her Chemistry class in school about the Nobel announcement, but went through the day as usual, attending Physics and English classes later. She thanked her parents, school teachers and fellow students for their support.
"The award is not for me but for every child in the world. This is not the end of the campaign I started, but the beginning. I want to see every child in the world go to school. I want every child to stand up for their rights, to receive quality education, not to suffer child labour, child trafficking", she said.Watch: Feel more powerful with Nobel Peace win: Malala
She added: "I had a phone call from Kailash and we both spoke about how important it is for children to go to school. We both decided to work together; also decided to try to build strong relations between both countries".
Malala is a student of the Edgbaston High School, where she enrolled after recovering from the serious head injury she suffered after being shot at by the Taliban in Pakistan. She was admitted to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, where she lives with her parents.

