Completely Chocolate Bathroom Can Be Yours for Just $133 000All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Why you should keep an eye on third week of SeptSep 09, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Why you should keep an eye on third week of Sept
The Stock Trader's Almanac say September is the worst performing month for stock markets. Not so for the NSE benchmark, which has defied the stereotype to touch record highs in September.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why you should keep an eye on third week of Sept
The Stock Trader's Almanac say September is the worst performing month for stock markets. Not so for the NSE benchmark, which has defied the stereotype to touch record highs in September.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Stock Trader's Almanac says September is the worst performing month for stock markets. Not so for the NSE benchmark, which has defied the stereotype to touch record highs in September. So far, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) have infused close to Rs 14,000 crore in September. If all goes as planned, more will come from the third week of September. Here's why:
In 2009 September, Nifty jumped to 5000 levels from 22/9, and closed the month at a high of 5087.60  In 2010, despite closing in red for good 15 days against 6 green days, the index started trading at 6000 level from 21/9 and ended the month at 6029.  September 2011 witnessed a deviation during which a volatile Nifty recorded a high of 5169, which was lower than the low of September 2010 (5403.05). Even then, best returns came between 15/9 and 21/9 which conforms to the pattern being discussed. The acceleration was once again visible on September 21, 2012, when the index moved to 5700 level . However, it closed the month tad lower at 5629. Last year, that is in September 19, 2013, the NSE benchmark shifted gear to move into 6115 but sunk towards the close of the month.
 

Markets Looking Ahead to PM Modi s US Visit: Emkay GlobalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Markets Looking Ahead to PM Modi's US Visit: Emkay Global
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 15 min, 23 sec

Magnificent Castle Hotel Fit for King  but Open to Publicmagnificent castle hotel fit for king  but open to public
Motley Crew: Rodents Arrive at International Space StationAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Moneyball! Derek Jeter Memorabilia Brings in Big BucksAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

New  catastrophic  bug lets hackers in'Bash' bug could let hackers attack through a light bulb
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 25, 2014: 12:54 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Say hello to the bash bug, a lesson in why Internet-connected devices are inherently unsafe.
Computer security researchers have discovered a flaw in the way many devices communicate over the Internet. At its most basic, it lets someone hack every device in your house, business or government building -- via something as simple as your "smart" light bulb.
With this flaw, criminals can potentially break computers or steal private and government information.
The problem extends to lots of Internet-connected computers located anywhere -- from shops to hospitals to schools.
It's worse if you're one of those tech-embracing types who buys Internet-connected "smart" appliances. But keep in mind, that includes a rapidly growing number of businesses and governments that use smart devices -- like cameras -- within their internal networks.
Why fear the bash bug? Because it's so pervasive.
According to open source software company Red Hat , it affects any device that uses the operating system Linux -- which includes everything from calculators to cars. But it also affects Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) Macs and some Windows and IBM machines. Google ( GOOG ) said no Android machines are susceptible.
Share your story with CNN: Money stolen from your bank account? Identity theft?
In a public warning , Red Hat researchers classified the severity of the bug as "catastrophic."
Not every connected device is vulnerable. But it's difficult for the average person to figure out if, for instance, their home security camera is at risk. And it's unlikely that companies and public institutions are updating every single computer in the back room.
The problem is new, but hackers have already been caught trying to exploit the flaw to set up botnets -- hijacking vast numbers of computers. They can then use these slave armies of devices to spread malware or attack websites.
Related: 7 safety tips from hackers themselves
If this bug turns out to be anything like the Heartbleed bug discovered earlier this year, we might not see damage for months. And when we do, it could be disastrous.
In the case of Heartbleed, hackers eventually broke into a hospital network and stole 4.5 million patient records -- including Social Security numbers.
Norweigian cybersecurity consultant Per Thorsheim noted that the bug will become old news -- but people will still be vulnerable.
"In a few days everything will be forgotten, and the hackers will feast on [this] for years to come," Thorsheim said.
The only solution for the bash bug? If and when a patch becomes available, update every device you have. But that's something that's not likely. Companies don't often update their fleet of devices, and customers rarely pay attention for that sort of thing.
Security experts say IT departments are now running exams on computer systems to see if hackers have exploited this flaw before. The problem? They'll have to look way back. This flaw has been around for as long as 20 years.
"We just don't know how far this goes," said Chris Wysopal, co-founder of app security firm Veracode .
 
How hackers beat the Heartbleed bug
Here's how the bash bug works, as explained by cybersecurity expert Robert Graham .
The problem stems from a flaw in the "bash," a type of computer program called a shell. A shell translates commands from you to a device's operating system. Think of it as an efficient middleman.
Lots of Internet-connected devices use the bash shell to run commands, like "turn on" and "turn off." Generally, a device that communicates using a bash shell also looks for extra information, like what browser or device you're using.
And that's where the problem lies. If a hacker slips bad code into this extra data, they can sneak past a device's safeguards.
A "smart," Internet-connected light bulb then suddenly becomes a launchpad to hack everything else behind your network firewall, Graham said. That could be your home computer, or a retailer's payment terminals, or a government office's sensitive database of information.
"This is the problem with the 'Internet of Things.' We're putting all these things on the Internet without any expectation of actually patching them in the future," Graham said.
The bug was discovered by Stéphane Chazelas , a French IT manager working for a software maker in Scotland.

India s Mars mission cost less than  GravityIndia's $74 million Mars mission cost less than 'Gravity' movie
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 25, 2014: 6:10 AM ET
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
When the Mangalyaan spacecraft slipped into orbit around Mars on Wednesday after a 10-month voyage, India became the first country to successfully reach the Red Planet on its first attempt.
But the mission's shoestring budget was perhaps its most notable distinction: At a cost of just $74 million, India's space agency put the satellite into orbit for a fraction of what other nations have spent.
The U.S. Maven satellite, for example, arrived in orbit on Sunday in a mission that cost taxpayers $671 million. The European Space Agency's 2003 mission to Mars had an initial budget of nearly $200 million.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has noted that even the Hollywood thriller "Gravity" had a larger budget at $100 million.
"Our scientists have shown the world, a new paradigm of frugal engineering, and the power of Imagination," Modi said in June. "This success of ours has deep historical roots."
 
Elon Musk: From space race to space war
While some critics take issue with the government's use of public funds on space exploration instead of social problems, Modi now has yet another space triumph to tout. Only the U.S., Russia and Europe have successfully executed Mars missions; China and Japan have failed.
It's difficult to overstate just how little money the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) has to work with. The agency's annual budget for this fiscal year is only $1.2 billion, while NASA has a budget of around $17.5 billion.
Related: Boeing, Space X land NASA contracts
ISRO is able to save money by using short development cycles, and taking advantage of India's cheap labor market. Highly-skilled aerospace engineers in the country might receive a salary of $1,000 per month, a fraction of what the same workers would be paid in Europe or the U.S.
Despite the large disparity in total spending, India actually devotes a similar share of its total budget to its space agency -- around 0.4% --- as the U.S.
The glory days for NASA, however, are long gone. As the space race reached a fever pitch in 1966, the agency was allotted an incredible 4.4% of the U.S. budget, a share that today's explorers can only dream of.
 
UK plans to build a spaceport
First Published: September 25, 2014: 12:38 AM ET
Most Popular

At  Make in India  Launch  Mukesh Ambani Pledges 1.25 Lakh JobsCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Thursday described the launch of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign as a "historic" day for Indian industry and said his company will create 1.25 lakh new jobs over the next 12-15 months as part of the movement.
"PM Modi dreams and does, working 14 hours a day and motivates a billion Indians to dream and do," said Mr Ambani, who was among the few corporate honchos to make a speech at the marquee event.
He said the ambitious programme will make India globally competitive and put the country on a fast-growth trajectory. "I firmly believe 8-10 per cent for a long period of time is the right potential for India," he said.
Mr Ambani said the success of India's mission to Mars on Wednesday has shown what India can achieve. India's Mars mission cost less than Rs 7 per km, which is less than the cost of travel by an auto in major Indian cities, he said.
Mr Ambani, India's richest man, said the outlook of international investors has changed since Mr Modi took charge and he thanked the Prime Minister for his leadership and inspiration to the industry.
Mr Ambani added PM Modi's vision of a digital India will go hand in hand with "Make in India".
Cyrus Mistry said his Tata Group remains fully committed to investing in India. Aditya Birla Group Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said "Make in India" is a clarion call that can take Indian economy to great heights.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 12:01 (IST)

Sensex  Nifty sluggish; IT pharma stocks outperformSep 25, 2014, 03.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty sluggish; IT & pharma stocks outperform
Cipla, TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bharti Airtel and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, BHEL, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank are among the laggards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty sluggish; IT & pharma stocks outperform
Cipla, TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bharti Airtel and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, BHEL, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank are among the laggards.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:45 pm Exclusive: The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
 1:30 pm Naranyan Murthy interview: Almost every developing country has to focus on export-oriented manufacturing to boost jobs, says NR Narayana Murthy, non-executive chairman of Infosys . And hence the government’s top priority has to be to ease the process of investing in India. He says the government must determine what factors will aid ease of doing business here. At the moment, India ranks low in ease of doing business. He says the government must make it easier for foreign institutions to invest in the country.
Murthy says prime minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States is very important. He adds that Modi must try and explain to the US how Indian companies are adding value to their companies, creating jobs for Americans and also participating in corporate-social responsibility. "He (Modi) has to convince them about how Indian companies have become desirable for the US economy," he adds.
Don't miss: How to trade JSPL, Hindalco, Coal India now?
The Nifty is still below 8000 on September F&O expiry day. The Nifty is down 34.20 points at 7968.20. The Sensex is down 120.98 points at 26623.71. About 659 shares have advanced, 2059 shares declined and 74 shares are unchanged.
Cipla, TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bharti Airtel and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, Axis Bank, BHEL, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank are among the laggards.
Metal stocks continued to decline for the second straight session after the Supreme Court quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various firms since 1993.
Pramod Gubbi of Ambit Capital sees short-term consolidation phase for Indian market but remains positive and believes that India still remains a buy on dips market.
 Exhorting Indian Inc to join his 'Make in India' mission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday not only launched the ambitious campaign but also urged industrialists to set up establishments in their homeland instead of eyeing foreign lands and 'First Develop India' (FDI).
India Inc bigwigs including Mukesh Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chanda Kochhar, Azim Premji and Kiran Majumdar Shaw attended the launch programme at New Delhi's Vigyan Bhawan.
"I want to see Indian companies shine like the MNCs," said Modi as he pressed for generating more employment in the country. "We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India. I can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months," he added. 
12:00

Falling commodities flash global warningFalling commodity prices flash warning on widening global divergences
By Ralph Atkins in London
Price slide reveals mounting concern about China
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b38f250-440c-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amara Raja Batteries shares slip 1% on Kotak downgradeSep 25, 2014, 01.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Amara Raja Batteries shares slip 1% on Kotak downgrade
The brokerage believes the company’s EBIT margins have averaged around 12 percent in the past 15 years and the competitive intensity in the industrial business is increasing, which should cap the EBIT margin in around 12 percent range in the longer term.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amara Raja Batteries shares slip 1% on Kotak downgrade
The brokerage believes the company’s EBIT margins have averaged around 12 percent in the past 15 years and the competitive intensity in the industrial business is increasing, which should cap the EBIT margin in around 12 percent range in the longer term.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Amara Raja Batteries fell more a percent on Thursday after Kotak downgraded the stock to sell from add earlier due to expensive valuations and limited probability of improvement in EBIT margin. The target price remained unchanged at Rs 550 on the stock, it added.
The stock rallied 87.5 percent in 2014 (year-to-date) while the benchmark Sensex surged 26 percent during the same period.
Its reverse discounted cash flow (DCF) valuation exercise indicates that the stock is discounting 12 percent CAGR in sales over the next 15 years, EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) margin of 14 percent till perpetuity and terminal growth of 5 percent.
The brokerage believes the company’s EBIT margins have averaged around 12 percent in the past 15 years and the competitive intensity in the industrial business is increasing, which should cap the EBIT margin in around 12 percent range in the longer term.
Amara Raja offers a wide range of products from batteries, power solutions to electronics and fruit juices.
At 13:17 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 623.35, down Rs 6.60, or 1.05 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Mangalyaan carrying 5 instruments including a Mars Colours CameraSep 25, 2014 at 01:50pm IST
Mangalyaan carrying 5 instruments including a Mars Colours Camera
6
0
New Delhi: A day after India became the first country to send a spacecraft to Mars in its first attempt, Mangalyaan has sent the first pictures of the red planet. The Mars Orbiter is carrying five instruments with it.
One of them is the Mars Colours Camera. The MCC is a tri-colour optical camera and weighs 1.4 kg.
This camera gives information about the red planet's surface and composition. It will also be used to probe the two moons of Mars.
This camera gives information about the red planet's surface and composition.
#mangalyaan #mars orbiter mission #mars #mars colours camera
The official Twitter handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter uploaded a picture of Mars with the caption, "the view is nice up here," on Thursday. The spacecraft is now circling Mars in an orbit whose nearest point to the planet is at 421.7 km.
3

PM Modi s Make-in-India Pitch: Ten Key TakeawaysCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra on Thursday said the "Make in India" campaign is the step of a lion and is aimed the make the country the most attractive investment destination in the world. PM Modi did not lay out a concrete plan on ways to attract much-needed foreign capital, but he promised easy and effective governance, faster decision making, rule of law and better policy environment for global and domestic corporates.
Here are 10 key takeaways from PM Modi's speech:
1) FDI gets a new lingo: For the world foreign direct investment (FDI) is an opportunity, but FDI is also a responsibility for the people of India, the prime minister said. My definition of FDI for the people of India is "First Develop India", he said. We have to create opportunities of employment, he added.
2) Do not treat India as a market: PM Modi said global businesses have always viewed India as a big market, but Indians lack purchasing power. Investors will lose an opportunity, if they continue to look at India as a market, he said. The Prime Minister said the faster people move out of poverty, the faster India's purchasing power will grow.
3) Do not leave India: Trust forced Indian companies to leave the country in the last few years, PM Modi said. "A trust was broken that when a policy will be changed, when CBI will come...this is what I heard from all you," PM Modi said. We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India, he added.
4) Government to ensure capital preservation: Investors first want security of their investment, followed by growth, while profit is the last priority, PM Modi said. The new government will ensure the preservation of capital, he said.
5) Improving the ease of doing business a priority: According to World Bank, India ranks 134 out of 189 countries in terms of the ease of doing business. PM Modi today said that his government will see that the country climbs quickly to 50th position on the list.
6) India best destination to invest in Asia: The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address, PM Modi said. Only India has the unique combination of democracy, demographic dividend and demand, he added.
7) Easy governance, effective governance: The "Digital India" push is aimed at effective governance, PM Modi said. Industry does not come when there are too many incentive schemes. A development & growth oriented environment is need, he added.
8) Skilled manpower: India needs manpower according to requirements and if we can develop the right skills, we can achieve sustainable development, PM Modi said.
9) Look East, but Link West: India needs to pursue the Look East policy, but also absorb the best practices of the western world, PM Modi said.
10) Infrastructure: India needs better infrastructure for further growth, the PM said, adding there is a need for not only highways, but also i-highways (information highways). The country needs electric, water, gas and optical fibre grids, he added.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 13:37 (IST)

India Has Potential to Become World s Biggest Carmaker: MarutiSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Stating that India has the potential to become the largest car manufacturer of the world, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , the country's top carmaker, on Thursday hoped the factors adversely affecting competitiveness of manufacturing to be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to make India a manufacturing hub.
"Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented," Maruti Suzuki India managing director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said at the 'Make in India' campaign.
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, "We are fully confident that, under the 'Make in India' programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly," he said, adding that the country will then become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
Welcoming PM Modi's call to 'Make in India', he said Maruti Suzuki was amongst the very first multi-national corporation companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
"Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, Chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible," he said, adding that globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of the Suzuki group.
Cars that Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in cost than similar products made by it in other parts of the world, he said.
That enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries including Western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
"This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India," he said.
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
"Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and work force, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs."
India continues to be a major exporter of Suzuki-branded cars. Other car manufacturers have also made India one of their manufacturing hubs for exports. Car exports from India have reached the levels of around six lakh units annually.
"This has been achieved despite the well recognised fact that India is not the easiest country to do business in," he added.
As of 2:21 p.m., shares in Maruti Suzuki India were trading at Rs 3085.00 apiece on the BSE, up 0.39 per cent from the previous close
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 14:34 (IST)

India s 100 Richest All Billionaires: ForbesManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Singapore: For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year, RIL chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Mr Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by $4.1 billion. Mr Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro's Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of $15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that "good days are here" for the India's 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the BJPs's (Bharatiya Janata Party) landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
"Shares of Adani's companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to $4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else," Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of $13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, $12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, $11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, $9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, $7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth $1.95 billion), chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, $1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, $1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, $1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 14:34 (IST)

Dangers in disclosureUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:25 IST
Dangers in disclosure
laws
That the Supreme Court is now willing to take another look at its decision calling for the revelation of the identity of the whistle-blower who handed over a register of visitors to the residence of the Director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, Ranjit Sinha, is in itself welcome. Earlier, citing procedures laid down for passing on information to be used as evidence, the Court had wanted the name of the whistle-blower to be submitted in a sealed cover, sparking fears this could make the whistle-blower vulnerable to harm. After the Centre for Public Interest Litigation, the petitioner in the case, filed an affidavit refusing to name the whistle-blower on the grounds that it may put the informant under serious risk of bodily harm or harassment, the Court seems to be having a rethink on the correctness of insisting that the identity be revealed. There are clearly other effective means of obtaining the information without the risks involved in revealing the name of the whistle-blower. In view of the serious nature of the allegations against the Director, who is reported to have frequently met some of the accused in the 2G spectrum corruption case at his residence, the Court can look into other material evidence. With some parts of the material produced having been confirmed, it can be the basis for the Court ordering a probe to find out if Mr. Sinha did indeed meet persons accused in the 2G case, and if he did, his reasons for doing so. In extremely sensitive cases, involving persons commanding power and influence, complainants might be wary of risking their name being made public. Even the contents of a sealed cover given to the Court could be handled by persons other than judges, and there is no guarantee of secrecy.
The Whistleblowers Protection Act provides protection to whistle-blowers from harassment, but not complete anonymity. Under the Act, no action need be taken on the basis of a complaint if there is no disclosure of the identity of the complainant. While the authorities are obliged to conceal the identity of the complainant making a disclosure in public interest, the Act does not envisage a system wherein the complainant can remain completely anonymous. This might discourage those who want to make public interest disclosures but do not wish to be part of the investigative process for whatever reason. True, there is merit in asking the complainant to reveal his or her identity so as to avoid the possibility of the redress system getting bogged down in processing frivolous complaints made out of malice. However, exceptions can always be made in exceptional cases. The supposed visitors’ register at Mr. Sinha’s residence is one such exceptional ‘disclosure’ that would need to be pursued with utmost seriousness.

 FDI Is  First Develop India : PM Modi to India IncCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday defined FDI as he sees it. "For Indians FDI is First Develop India...for foreigners, it is an opportunity," the PM said to an audience of CEOs that packed Delhi's Vigyan Bhawan, where Mr Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign. ( Highlights of PM Modi's speech )
The campaign, he said, "is the step of a lion." The logo is a striding lion made of cogs, symbolising manufacturing, strength and national pride. The Make in India campaign aims at turning the country into a global manufacturing hub by smoothening business processes and attracting foreign companies to set up factories in India and invest in the country's infrastructure. The focus, on creating jobs and helping the "poor reach the middle class faster," said the PM.
(Also read: PM Modi's Make-in-India pitch: 10 key takeaways )
About 500 top CEOs, including leading lights of India Inc, listened intently as Mr Modi outlined his vision. Good governance, he said, was not enough. There must be "effective governance that investors must feel."
The PM emphasised on a need to rebuild investors' trust and provide them with a better investment climate. "Incentive isn't enough, we need a climate for growth," Mr Modi said promising faster decision making and a better policy environment for global and domestic corporates.
Improving the ease of doing business was a priority, the PM said. And that the country must rise to number 50 in the world on that count. Right now, India ranks 134th out of 189 countries on ease of doing business, according to the World Bank.
He also launched a website - www.makeinindia.com - through which a dedicated cell will answer business queries within 72 hours.
Later in the day, PM Modi left for a six-day visit to the US, where he will meet CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies.
Speaking before the PM, India's richest man Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries said, "PM Modi dreams and does, working 14 hours a day and motivates a billion Indians to dream and do," and promised that his company would create 1.25 lakh new jobs over the next 12-15 months as part of the "Make in India movement." (Read: At 'Make in India' launch, Mukesh Ambani pledges 1.25 lakh jobs )
Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry said, "Key challenges like building critical infrastructure and putting in place transparent tax and Duty structures have to be met...Make in India is a unique opportunity for government and business to work together."
Other captains of industry also spoke, each pledging commitment to the Make in India campaign. The Modi sales pitch was beamed simultaneously in state capitals and Indian missions abroad.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 14:06 (IST)

 US Investors Warm up to PM Modi; Want Quick ReformsYou are here: Home Economy
US Investors Warm up to PM Modi, but Want Quick Reforms, Tax Clarity
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:56 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to rollout a red carpet for investors during his visit to the US at a time when his ambitious "Make in India" campaign, which is aimed to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub, needs huge investments.
In meetings over the past month with world powers including China and Japan, PM Modi has won investment pledges of $55 billion to support his domestic reform drive. But no such state largesse can be expected in Washington and analysts say Mr Modi must win over the US private sector to attract foreign capital.
And this is exactly what the Prime Minister will do when he meets 17 US corporate chiefs including those of Google, IBM, GE, Goldman Sachs and Boeing later this week.
American investors told NDTV that they have turned positive on India with the return of a majority government after three decades. But they want the new government to fast track reforms, especially those related to labour laws, land acquisition and taxation.
The taxation issue, in particular, has been a sore point with global investors. Citing the cases of Vodafone and Nokia, SM Vishal, an entrepreneur, told NDTV that businesses in India are being targeted by tax terrorism,
Teresa Barger, an investment fund manager, is still apprehensive about retrospective tax despite government assurances. The investment manager said that the Narendra Modi government should have gone further on retrospective taxation rather than saying "it's legal, we just won't do it".
The retrospective amendment, introduced by the UPA government in 2012, resulted in high-profile tax enforcement actions against global companies such as Vodafone, Nokia and Royal Dutch Shell in the past few years. These episodes dented India's appeal as an investment destination, contributing to an image of India as a country that pursues "tax terrorism".
Contrary to expectations, the new government did not scrap the controversial amendment in Budget, though it has assured investors that the low would not be used to create new liabilities.
The Budget was also silent about the general anti-avoidance rules (GAAR), which had sparked alarm among foreign investors because of provisions that included tightening rules on investments from countries that have double taxation treaties with India.
Investors also want the new Modi government to control corruption and red tape besides changing rules to improve the ease of doing business in India.
According to World Bank, India ranks 134 out of 189 countries in terms of the ease of doing business. India performs especially poorly in categories that involve interface with the government such as paying taxes, construction permits, etc.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 09:54 (IST)

AirAsia India to Start Flights to Mumbai SoonYou are here: Home Corporates
AirAsia India to Start Flights to Mumbai Soon
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: September 25, 2014 14:13 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
AirAsia India will start operating on the Mumbai route soon, group chief executive officer Tony Fernandes said on Thursday.
"In Incredible India. Bombay is changing by the day. AirAsia India will be starting in this metro soon. We are coming," Mr Fernandes tweeted.
In the domestic circuit, AirAsia India currently operates in the Bangalore to Kochi, Chennai, Chandigarh, Jaipur and Goa sectors.
AirAsia India, a three-way venture between Malaysia-based AirAsia Berhad, Tata Group and Delhi-based investment firm Telestra Tradeplace, had launched its maiden flight on June 12 from Bangalore to Goa.
Indian skies have been witnessing an aggressive fare war, particularly after the entry of AirAsia India. (Check out Jet Airways' and Spicejet's offers)
Currently, the budget carrier is offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. The offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015.
As part of this AirAsia offer, tickets from Bangalore to Chennai and Kochi routes start from Rs 690. On the Bangalore to Goa route, the promotional fare starts from Rs 990.
Under this same offer, tickets on the Bangalore to Chandigarh and Jaipur routes are priced from Rs 2,390.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 13:13 (IST)

ADB Ups India s 2015 GDP Growth ForecastCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Revising India's GDP growth forecast upwards by 0.3 per cent to 6.3 per cent in 2015, Asian Development Bank (ADB) has said the economy shows a new promise of turnaround after the election brought a stable government in May.
"India shows new promise of a turnaround. After winning a decisive Parliamentary election victory, the new government (led by Narendra Modi) is better positioned than the old to pursue the reform necessary to unlock the economy's growth potential."
"This Update maintains the 5.5 per cent growth forecast for 2014 but upgrades....to 6.3 per cent, the forecast for 2015, when reform can begin to bear fruit," the multilateral funding agency said in its Outlook 2014 Update released on Thursday.
The reform to stimulate investment, the timely award of environmental clearances, and measures to control inflation are expected to augment firming export demand from the major industrial economies, to boost economic growth, it said.
The new single-party government in India with the strongest mandate in three decades has outlined wide-ranging reforms, which will gradually overcome the difficult structural problems that have beset the economy and caused two years of slow growth and stagnant investment, it added.
"Public expectation of strong economic policy from the government is seen in record highs on the stock market and robust capital inflows."
"As demand from consumers and businesses continued to grow,...India's buoyant portfolio flows mean that financing the deficit should not be a problem, as capital flows are more resilient under global volatility this year than they were last year," the update by ADB chief economist Shang-Jin Wei said.
Improving prospects in India will buoy the 2015 regional growth outlook somewhat, even as the growth path of China moderates, it added.
"Growth in Asia as a whole in 2014 is now expected to be higher at 5.4 per cent on unexpectedly strong outcomes in Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, as well as India."
A greater momentum is expected in 2015 with South Asian growth now forecast at 6.1 per cent, revised up from 5.8 per cent, it said.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 15:01 (IST)

Indian Bourses Can Help Raise $100-150 Billion Capital Every Year: BSESebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New York: Pitching for bourses to become a major avenue for raising capital and channelise them into investments, BSE chief executive Ashishkumar Chauhan on Thursday said that exchanges can help companies garner $100-150 billion worth of funds a year, marking an over ten-fold increase from the current levels.
He also said the exchanges need to shift their focus away from being a place to do "trading just for the sake of trading" to become such a platform for capital formation.
"At BSE, in the last 3-4 years, the companies have been raising close to $10-12 billion, by way of IPOs, offer for sale, debt instruments etc."
"We have to raise the bar by expanding our facilities and our ability to take it close to $100-150 billion a year so that the funds are channelised into investments," Mr Chauhan told PTI in an interview in New York.
The BSE chief, who was here to attend the India Investors Forum and other events in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile US visit, said the role of bourses can be important in helping "India create 1-1.5 trillion dollars investments into productive sectors and help create jobs".
"We need to steadfastly focus on helping India raise capital and create wealth rather than only doing trading for the sake of trading. Basically, exchanges need to change their mindset."
"Today, a large portion of the exchanges' revenue come from trading, that is from transaction charges, and we need to focus now more on capital raising. We have to participate in
India's growth and become a catalyst and growth engine or our economic growth story. We need to shift focus from trading to capital raising," he said.
Mr Chauhan also assured the international investors that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights.
"There is a special focus on how to provide the minority investors their rights and how to bring to transparency and fairness in the working of companies."
"In India, the capital markets regulator Sebi, the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors who are used to protection and regulatory regime in most developed markets, get similar things in India," he said.
"Some of the newer regulations are such that they are even better than many advanced countries such as in the Americas and the Europe. For example, the new Companies Act provides that related party transactions be voted by only the non-promoter shareholders. That's a huge change from the earlier mindset and would allow non-promoter shareholders to have a better say in the workings of a company," the BSE CEO added.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 15:53 (IST)

Valiant up 6%  installs E1 Multiplexers at Indian airportsSep 25, 2014, 03.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Valiant up 6%, installs E1 Multiplexers at Indian airports
"Valiant’s E1 multiplexers have been successfully installed at New Delhi and Mumbai International Airports for critical communications links between L-band radar tower and the Air Traffic Control Centre," said the company in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Valiant up 6%, installs E1 Multiplexers at Indian airports
"Valiant’s E1 multiplexers have been successfully installed at New Delhi and Mumbai International Airports for critical communications links between L-band radar tower and the Air Traffic Control Centre," said the company in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Valiant Communications rallied as much as 6 percent intraday Thursday on successful installation of E1 multiplexers at Delhi and Mumbai airports.
"Valiant’s E1 multiplexers have been successfully installed at New Delhi and Mumbai International Airports for critical communications links between L-band radar tower and the Air Traffic Control Centre," said the company in its filing to BSE.
Valiant Communications manufactures telecom transmission equipment and solutions with installations in over 100 countries, worldwide.
The company added that its equipment have also been installed at other international airports including at Ankara (Turkey), Dubai International Airport, Frankfurt (Germany), Ho Chi Minh and Hanoi (Vietnam), Colombo (Sri Lanka) and are working satisfactorily.
At 15:13 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 23.05, up Rs 0.45, or 1.99 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Rico Auto up 5%  sells 50% stake in JV to Japanese partnerSep 25, 2014, 03.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rico Auto up 5%, sells 50% stake in JV to Japanese partner
The auto component supplier said the board of directors today approved the divestment of the entire 50 percent stake of the company in FCC RICO to FCC Company, Japan or its affiliates, a FCC Group company for Rs 495 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rico Auto up 5%, sells 50% stake in JV to Japanese partner
The auto component supplier said the board of directors today approved the divestment of the entire 50 percent stake of the company in FCC RICO to FCC Company, Japan or its affiliates, a FCC Group company for Rs 495 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors rushed in to buy shares of  Rico Auto on Thursday amid heavy sell-off in equity benchmarks. The stock is locked at 5 percent upper circuit after the company decided to offload 50 percent stake in joint venture.
The auto component supplier said the board of directors today approved the divestment of the entire 50 percent stake of the company in FCC RICO to FCC Company, Japan or its affiliates, a FCC Group company for Rs 495 crore.
Currently the market capitalisation of the company stands at Rs 477.56 crore.
FCC RICO was the joint venture between the company and FCC Company, Japan.
The sale will be completed subject to completion of customary conditions precedent and such other regulatory conditions as may be required to be complied with as applicable, it added.
Rico supplies a wide range of high precision fully machined aluminum and ferrous components and assemblies to automotive OEMs across the globe.
At 14:59 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 35.30, up Rs 1.65, or 4.90 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 177,669 shares, with no sellers available.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Reese Witherspoon Sells Los Angeles Lotreese witherspoon sells los angeles lot
First pictures from Red Planet arrive  Mangalyaan  doing wellComments
The Mangalyaan spacecraft beamed its first photos of Mars' crater-marked surface on Thursday, a day after India successfully put the probe into the red planet's orbit.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) posted one of the photos, titled First Light, on its Facebook page, showing an orange surface with dark cavities, taken from a distance of 7,300 km. Isro also posted the photo on Twitter with the note, "The view is nice up here."
An Isro team led by agency chief K Radhakrishnan met the Prime Minister in Delhi on Thursday with hard copies of all the pictures taken by the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) probe. The space agency will release all the photographs this afternoon.
Photo courtesy: Isro's Facebook page
Isro officials said the photos proved that Mangalyaan is in "good health" and performing its duties well.
"Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on," a senior Isro official told HT.
The probe has been placed in an elliptical orbit around Mars and it will be closest to the planet at 377 km and farthest at 80,000 km.
India joined an exclusive global club of deep space explorers on Wednesday when the indigenously-made Mangalyaan spacecraft successfully slipped into the orbit around Mars after a 10-month journey on a relatively shoe-string budget.
The Mars Orbiter Mission, nicknamed MOM, cost just Rs. 450 core, about a tenth of the amount US space agency NASA spent on sending the Maven spacecraft to Mars and about three-quarters the amount to make the Oscar-winning movie Gravity about astronauts stranded in space.
— Hindustan Times (@htTweets) September 25, 2014
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars.
It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on earth that could come from geological processes. None of the instruments will send back enough information to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form and what conditions might make life possible.
The image showed an orange surface with dark cavities. “The view is nice up here,” Isro said on Twitter.

Need to reduce licensing  regulatory issues in India: DIPPSep 25, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Need to reduce licensing, regulatory issues in India: DIPP
We need to de-bureaucratize India as a country, Amitabh Kant, Secretary of The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion says.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Need to reduce licensing, regulatory issues in India: DIPP
We need to de-bureaucratize India as a country, Amitabh Kant, Secretary of The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion says.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Your Stocks on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
Speaking to CNBC-TV18’s Nayantara Rai on the sidelines of the ‘Make In India’ campaign launch, Amitabh Kant, Secretary of The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP)says that there is a need to reduce licensing and regulatory issues in India. He adds that all state and central government must strive to bring India in top 50 countries in ease of doing business.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Amitabh Kant’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Nayantara Rai.
Q: How can India come down from 134 to 50 in rank of ease in doing business?
A: I think we need to delicense, we need to deregulate, we need to de-bureaucratise India as a country and we need to cut down on lot of paper work all across the states. What is very critical is that many departments have to work together and a single form and a single payment mechanism must be devised which cuts across states, local governments and central government. That is what we have tried to do in the e-biz mechanism. Hopefully you should see results coming out by end of December.
We have done this already for industrial licensing and industrial entrepreneur memorandum, 24x7 without any human interface but we need to put this across several departments, the corporate affairs department, the CBDT, everyone together needs to work with one single objective that how does one form, one point of payment cut across all departments of the government.
Q: Is there any internal target when you are going to achieve that?
A: The last year’s report is already done, it was concluded by June 1, but since then India has taken various measures. So my view is that if we work hard towards this, 134 to 50 is the target which the PM has set and we must as a country achieve it. All the state governments and central government must work together to achieve that target of bringing India in the first 50.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty ends Sept FO series above 7900  Sensex tanks 276 ptsSep 25, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.
TCS, GAIL, Dr Reedy's Labs, Infosys and Cipla are top gainers while Axis Bank, Hindalco, SBI, BHEL and Reliance are major losers.
03:20 pm Market check
The market has recovered a bit.  The Sensex is down 256.82 points or 0.9 percent at 26487.87 and the Nifty is down 84.75 points or 1 percent at 7917.65. About 613 shares have advanced, 2334 shares declined, and 84 shares are unchanged.
3:05 pm Nifty has breached 7900 for the first time in one month. The Nifty is down 122.00 points or 1.5 percent at 7880.40 just ahead of the August F&O series and the Sensex is down 389.42 points or 1.46  at 26355.27. About 593 shares have advanced, 2312 shares declined, and 80 shares are unchanged. 
03:00pm Market Check
The market turnover today crossed the Rs 7 lakh crore mark for the first time ever.
The Sensex fell 282.34 points or 1.06 percent to 26462.35, and the Nifty shed 85.20 points or 1.06 percent to 7917.20. About 622 shares have advanced, 2268 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.
02:50pm Hindalco's clarification on coal verdict
After the Supreme Court cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations done from the period of 1993 to 2010, Hindalco Industries said the company had been allocated four coal blocks namely Mahan coal block jointly with Essar Power, Tubed coal block jointly with Tata Power, Talabira II & III coal blocks jointly with Mahanadi Coal Fields and Nayveli Lignite Corporation, and Talabira I coal block.
According to the company, Mahan, Tubed and Talabira II & III coal blocks are not yet in operation while Talabira I coal block feeds coal to the power plant which supplies power to Company's Hirakud Smelter.
02:40pm Interview
The Supreme Court ruling which proposed de-allocation of coal blocks has made the banking sector nervous, raising fears that this will add to their bad debt problem.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank, says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
He says the bank can look for restructuring of assets, if required. So far the court has given a 6-month breather. In case the government comes out with a coal allocation policy within that stipulated time, and if the coal blocks get re-allocated to these companies, then the move may not have a major impact on the bank’s balance sheet, says Rajendran.
02:30pm FII view on gas price and coal issue
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks are headed towards week closing for the third consecutive session today. The Sensex fell 197.44 points to 26547.25 and the Nifty dropped 58.40 points to 7944 on expiry day.
The broader markets too declined further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 1.6 percent and 2.3 percent, respectively. About 678 shares have advanced while 2135 shares declined on the BSE.
Taher Badshah, Sr. VP & Fund Manager, Motilal Oswal AMC advises investing in stocks that have seen steep corrections. Furthermore, he sees opportunities in PSU banking stocks that have recently corrected.
Shares of Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, ONGC, State Bank of India, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL plummeted 3-6 percent.
However, FMCG, technology and pharma stocks (so called defensives) outperformed. TCS topped the buying list, up 2.6 percent followed by Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs with 2 percent gains. Infosys, L&T, Bharti Airtel, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto and Maruti gained 0.3-1 percent.
13:00

Government to Create Business-Friendly Environment: Commerce MinisterCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Assuring the red carpet to investors, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Thursday said the government is fully committed to creating business-friendly environment to boost the manufacturing sector which will push India to a higher growth trajectory.
Highlighting the steps taken by the government in ensuring growth and creating jobs, she said that to provide flexibility in working hours, the government was also amending a number of labour laws.
"We want to chart out new path wherein business entities are extended proverbial red carpet welcome... We are fully committed to delicensing, deregulation and radical changes as we go along. We have an open mind," she said at the launch of the 'Make in India' campaign here.
(Read: PM Modi's Make-in-India pitch: 10 key takeaways )
"We are fully committed to taking India on a higher growth trajectory and we want to make India a global manufacturing destination," she added.
The campaign, aimed at exploiting untapped potential of the country in the manufacturing sector which now contributes only about 15 per cent to the GDP, is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with a single commitment, she said.
"While this percentage is much higher in other Asian countries which are in similar stages of development, we are determined to push it up to 25 per cent."
Government has identified 25 sectors including pharmaceuticals, automobiles, textiles, aviation, mining, chemicals and others which have potential to make India a leader in these fields.
"In these sectors, substantial work has been done to identify growth drivers, investment opportunities, FDI policy, sectoral policies and specific reason to invest," the trade minister said.
"We have created a dedicated team to invest in India which will respect to your (businesses) queries, assist you, facilitate you and hand hold investors across the world," she added.
Ms Sitharaman also said India's image had been "identified unfortunately" with red tape-ism, 'inspector raj' and cumbersome rules which hinders smooth transaction of business.
She said the government has taken a series of pro-business steps and measures to spruce up infrastructure.
Listing out the steps, she said the process of applying industrial licences had been made online and validity of licences had been extended to three years.
"Special timelines have been laid down for processing all applications and security clearances," she added.
The minister said the government has also liberalised foreign direct investment in several sectors like defence, railway infrastructure and real estate.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 16:41 (IST)

Big price swings return to DowBig price swings return to Dow
By: Adam Shell September 25, 2014 6:56 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
Getty
A return to daily 100-point swings is turning the boring Dow into the volatile Dow.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average has finished up or down more than 100 points for the past three sessions, its longest streak of triple-digit point moves since a four-session run in April. The suddenly roller-coaster-like Dow rallied 154 points Wednesday to 17,210, rebounding from a 117-point drop on eurozone economic fears Tuesday and Monday’s 107-point pullback prompted by the hangover from the hyped Alibaba initial public offering last week.
(BREAKING NEWS: The wild swings returned Thursday and to the downside. In early trading the Dow was down as much as 223 points and briefly dipped back below the 17,000 level. Investors were reacting to mixed economic data, ranging from a better-than-expected reading on first-time jobless claims offset by a 18.2% in orders for durable goods in August, although that drop was not as bad if transportation and aircraft orders were stripped out. Ex-aircraft, durable goods rose 0.7% topping expectations.)
The question is if the sudden volatility and sharp rebound marks the end of the Dow’s recent troubles, just as its wild swings from April 9 to April 14 marked the end of a 3.3% swoon.
Back in April, the Dow was being dragged down by a sell-off in momentum stocks in the social media, biotech and small-cap space. On April 9, the Dow surged 181 points after market-friendly minutes from the March Federal Reserve meeting. But the Dow fell more than 400 points in the next two days as investors took a break from risk. But the four-day run of 100-point moves ended on an up note on April 14, when the Dow rallied more than 146 points, triggering a rally that resulted in its first closing high of 2014 on April 30.
How the Dow fares today could signal whether the recent selling pressure that has dogged the entire market, but hit small stocks and tech names the most, has run its course.

Rico Auto to Sell Stake in FCC RICO to JV Partner for Rs. 495 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Rico Auto to Sell Stake in FCC RICO to JV Partner for Rs 495 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 25, 2014 18:06 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi:
Auto components maker Rico Auto Industries today said it would sell its 50 per cent stake in FCC RICO Ltd for Rs 495 crore to its Japanese partner FCC Co Ltd.
The board of Rico Auto has approved the divestment in the joint venture, the auto components maker informed the BSE.
"... the Board of Directors of Rico Auto Industries Ltd on September 25, 2014 has approved the divestment of the entire 50 per cent stake of the Company in FCC RICO Limited, the joint venture between the Company and FCC Co Ltd, Japan, to
FCC Co Ltd, Japan or its affiliates, a FCC Group Company for gross consideration of Rs 495 crore," it said.
Rico Auto added: "The sale will be completed subject to completion of customary conditions precedent and such other regulatory conditions as may be required to be complied with as applicable".
Established in 1997, FCC RICO is 50:50 joint venture and is exclusively into manufacturing and supplying of automobile clutch assemblies to OEM's of two wheelers and four wheelers.
Its major client is Honda group companies. However, its customer list also includes auto firms as Suzuki, Yamaha, TVS, Piaggio and Bajaj.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 18:02 (IST)

Nifty ends sub-8000 on expiry  snaps 8-series winning runSep 25, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends sub-8000 on expiry, snaps 8-series winning run
Not only the day was bad, but also the F&O series that closed lower for the first time in last eight series. The index fell 0.5 percent in September series as against a 31 percent rally in last seven series.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends sub-8000 on expiry, snaps 8-series winning run
Not only the day was bad, but also the F&O series that closed lower for the first time in last eight series. The index fell 0.5 percent in September series as against a 31 percent rally in last seven series.
Post your opinion here
17:14
Moneycontrol Bureau
The 50-share NSE Nifty failed to hold the 8000 level (touched on September 1 for the first time) on Thursday, the day when the September series expired. Deferment of gas pricing decision to November 15 and de-allocation of coal blocks forced investors to take out some profits off the table.
The government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling, said Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital.
Not only the day was bad, but also the F&O series that closed lower for the first time in last eight series. The index fell 0.5 percent in September series as against a 31 percent rally in last seven series.
The index today plunged 90.55 points or 1.13 percent to close at 7911.85 after hitting a day’s low of 7877.35 while the 30-share BSE Sensex declined 276.33 points or 1.03 percent to 26468.36 after seeing an intraday low of 26349.55 (down 395 points). Total market turnover was Rs 8.5 lakh crore, the highest ever while NSE F&O segment clocked turnover of Rs 5.3 lakh crore today.
The broader markets too saw huge selling pressure with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices falling 2-3 percent. For the series, these indices outperformed benchmarks, up 0.6 percent and 1.8 percent, respectively while in last seven series, both gained 50 percent and 66 percent, respectively.
After weak September series closing, Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla money believes the October series will be positive as the sentiment is strong.
“The Nifty rolls have happened on a higher cost which still tells that the underlying sentiment remains positive for the market. 8000 Put continues to have the highest open interest even in the next series. So I have a feeling we may have a first rally in first five-seven days which can again take Nifty back to 8150-8200 levels,” he elaborated.
All sectoral indices (except IT and pharma – so called defensives) saw selling pressure. The BSE Realty, Oil & Gas, Metal, Power, Bank and Capital Goods indices were down 2-3 percent while BSE IT index jumped over a percent.
Metals and power stocks crashed again after Supreme Court verdict that cancelled all coal blocks allotted since 1993.
Jindal Steel and Power was the main culprit of this verdict, down nearly 8 percent, in addition to 10 percent gains in previous session as Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to underperform and cut target price to Rs 158 from Rs 254 after Supreme Court verdict that cancelled all coal blocks allotted since 1993.
Aluminium major Hindalco Industries was down over 4 percent. Edelweiss maintains buy on the stock but cut target price to Rs 223 from Rs 240. The brokerage cut FY16e EBITDA by 2 percent.
Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite fell nearly 3 percent followed by Tata Power with 2 percent loss. In the broader space, Prakash Industries, Usha Martin and Jayaswal Neco Industries tanked 18-20 percent.
Banks stocks too lost ground as they have exposure to some mining projects. ICICI Bank, PNB, State Bank of India and Axis Bank were down 3-6 percent. PSU banks saw big sell-off with the NSE PSU Bank index falling 5 percent.
CVR Rajendran, CMD, Andhra Bank (stock fell 12 percent), says the bank has exposure worth Rs 4,346 crore to 14 companies impacted by the SC ruling.
Another news that knocked banks shares was that deal between Reliance Power (down 7.4 percent) and Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 14 percent) was called off. Jaiprakash Associates crashed 19 percent and Jaypee Infratech was down 13 percent. According to Nomura, SBI has 6,400 crore exposure to Jaypee Group debt while IDBI Bank (down 11 percent) and ICICI Bank have Rs 7,900 crore and Rs 12,800 crore.
Shares of ONGC, Reliance Industries and BHEL were other prominent losers, down 3-4 percent. However, TCS, Infosys, Dr Reddy’s Labs, Gail India and Cipla bucked the trend, up 1-2.5 percent.
Declining shares outnumbered advancing ones on the Bombay Stock Exchange by a ratio of 2274 to 696.
14:00
Nifty ends Sept F&O series above 7900, Sensex tanks 276 pts
After a lot of struggle, the Nifty managed to end Sept F&O series above the 7900-level. The Sensex is down 276.33 points or 1 percent at 26468.36 and the Nifty is down 90.55 points or 1.1 percent at 7911.85. About 714 shares have advanced, 2261 shares declined and 83 shares are unchanged.

Make in India  reflects goal to move ahead in mfg: Ind IncSep 25, 2014, 06.31 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Make in India' reflects goal to move ahead in mfg: Ind Inc
"The Make in India campaign promises to fast-track India's growth trajectory by making it a manufacturing hub. Made in India, Made by India but Made for the World, with the vision of empowering Indians by creating job opportunities, the campaign is the PM's ingenious formula to position India as the centrepiece of Asia's next growth story.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Make in India' reflects goal to move ahead in mfg: Ind Inc
"The Make in India campaign promises to fast-track India's growth trajectory by making it a manufacturing hub. Made in India, Made by India but Made for the World, with the vision of empowering Indians by creating job opportunities, the campaign is the PM's ingenious formula to position India as the centrepiece of Asia's next growth story.
Post your opinion here
 
Hailing Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign and the emphasis on ease of doing business, India Inc today said the initiative mirrors the country's ambition to sprint ahead in the global manufacturing race, thereby creating jobs and boosting economic growth.
"The Make in India campaign promises to fast-track India's growth trajectory by making it a manufacturing hub. Made in India, Made by India but Made for the World, with the vision of empowering Indians by creating job opportunities, the campaign is the PM's ingenious formula to position India as the centrepiece of Asia's next growth story.
"With the promise of effective and easy governance, enabled by IT, this campaign will be a game changer to facilitate true convergence of innovative ideas - both from within India and from overseas," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said.
Launching his government's ambitious project to make India a manufacturing hub, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today promised effective and easy governance to help achieve high growth and creation of jobs.
CII President Ajay Shriram said an initiative to ease procedures and attracting investments into the sector had been made at the right time.
"It is the only way to generate employment for the large pool of young people joining the labour force every year. As mentioned by the Prime Minister, the purchasing power of the people can be enhanced and demand created only if they have employment opportunities," Shriram said.
"It will take some time but I think it (Make in India) will get manufacturing on the centre stage and I think in due course it is going to help. We have to look at labour laws, land acquisition; we have to look at the regulations and infrastructure because today infrastructure is impeding the competitiveness.
"If you want manufacturing to take place, and the government has shown its commitment, you must also do other 20 things and I think that commitment will follow. I think it is already in progress and over the next 6 months we will see the results coming out," Ficci President Sidharth Birla told PTI. Executive Director at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) India Vivek Mehra said: "On one hand the import regime has become very facilitative with substantial lowering of customs duty, abolishing of importing licences and free availability of foreign exchange.
"On the other hand manufacturing continues to suffer from infrastructure bottlenecks, environmental clearances and an unfriendly tax regime - both direct and indirect, which manifests itself as anti-manufacturing and therefore not providing a level-playing field for manufacturing in India vis-a-vis imports".
RELATED NEWS

Updategate: Apple releases iOS 8 workaround to fix blocked calls issue3
0
Apple released a workaround for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users who reported a drop in cellular service and the inability to use the fingerprint reading Touch ID after downloading the iOS 8.0.1 mobile operating system.
Apple said it would release iOS 8.0.2 in the next few days to fix the issue. In the meantime, it offered step-by-step instructions to reinstall iOS 8 using iTunes.
The company said users should make sure that they are using the latest version of iTunes before reinstalling iOS 8.
Apple said users should make sure that they are using the latest version of iTunes before reinstalling iOS 8.
#apple #ios 8 #updategate #operating systems
Apple said its health app would not work in iOS 8 after these steps, but would be fixed in iOS 8.0.2.
The company pulled the iOS 8 system after users took to microblogging site Twitter to post their complaints.
138

Does your employer offer cheap mortgagesLet your employer get you a cheaper mortgage
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 25, 2014: 10:09 AM ET
London home prices have surged by nearly 50% since the start of 2008.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Having trouble getting onto the property ladder? Maybe it's time for your employer to help out.
Professional services firm KPMG is taking the unusual step of arranging preferential mortgage rates for its 12,000 U.K. employees.
Most of them are based in London, where property prices have shot up to record levels this year as locals and rich foreign investors piled into the market.
The average price for a London home is now £514,000 ($838,000) -- nearly 50% higher than before the financial crisis.
KPMG said owning a home was "becoming a fairytale" for all but the richest in society and it wanted to help staff who are shut out of the market.
It's also worried that rampant property prices could make recruitment more difficult.
Related: London overtakes Hong Kong as city with highest rents
"I can see from a business point of view this is probably a shrewd move," said London mortgage specialist Simon Collins from John Charcol.
"It's interesting to see whether other big employers take this up," Collins said, adding that he hasn't seen companies offering this kind of benefit for over 20 years.
KPMG negotiated the discounts with two U.K.-based lenders -- Clydesdale Bank and Yorkshire Bank.
Both are also offering private banking helplines for KPMG staff.
But cheaper mortgages can only get you so far in a market where most lenders demand big down payments, particularly for more expensive properties.
That's still "the biggest stumbling block" to owning a home, said Collins.
Clydesdale Bank has offered 95% mortgages for homes costing as much as £500,000, said Collins. This may explain why KPMG partnered with the bank, he said, allowing employees to put down 5% -- which for an average home in London is still £25,000.
 

Monsoon Rains 9% Below Average in Past WeekCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi:
Monsoon rains were 9 per cent below average in the week ending September 24, the weather office said on Thursday, as the summer rains started withdrawing from the grain bowl belt of the country's northwest.
A week earlier, rainfalls were 25 per cent below average, ahead of this year's delayed retreat from the June-September monsoon season.
On Tuesday, the monsoon season started withdrawing from the western region, marking the start of the retreat after a fortnight's delay.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ADB Selling up to $120-Million Stake in Petronet LNG: ReportSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Asian Development Bank (ADB) has launched a share sale in Indian gas supplier Petronet LNG Ltd to raise up to $120 million (Rs 720 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees), three sources with direct knowledge of the deal said on Thursday.
ADB, which owned a 5.2 per cent stake in Petronet LNG as of end-June, will sell the shares through block deals on the stock exchange, said the sources, who declined to be named as the deal details are not public yet.
Petronet LNG shares are up 58 per cent this year, outperforming a 25 per cent gain in the broader Nifty.
Officials at Petronet LNG and ADB's New Delhi office could not be immediately reached for comments outside office hours.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Government s Coal Supply Alternative to Plants Key for Lenders: IBAManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai:
Lenders will not be adversely affected if government delivers on its commitment on finding an alternative to ensure coal supply to power and steel plants, Indian Banks Association said today.
"Bankers will certainly feel heat of it (the Supreme Court order yesterday on coal blocks), but if the government is in a position to see that whatever productive capacity is put to use right now, and that much production is happening, I think
our job is done," IBA CEO M V Tanksale said.
He said banks from both public and private sector have an exposure to the 11 corporates impacted by the Supreme Court's order yesterday to de-allocate 214 coal blocks for illegalities in the allocation over the past two decades.
Tanksale declined to share the exposure of the banks to such corporates but said that IBA's management committee will be discussing the fallout of the apex court order at its routine meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
"Tomorrow, we have got out regular management committee (meeting). Of course, all industry-related issues get discussed (at the meeting)," he said.
According to reports, the banks have an exposure of nearly Rs 1 lakh crore to the affected entities.
"Government has said that they will somehow ensure that the coal supply is made available so that productive capacity of the power plants or the steel plants will not get impacted. If government can ensure that by any other mode, we are comfortable," Tanksale said.
He acknowledged that because of a decision like this, there will be a cascading effect on the power sector starting from generation, transmission and distribution, while the steel plants will also get impacted due to the lack of fuel.
Meanwhile, on his expectation from the September 30 policy review, Tanksale said he expects a status quo from the RBI given Governor Raghuram Rajan's recent pronouncements on the need to control inflation.
When asked if the expected status quo may be complemented by any other measure like a cut in the mandatory government bond holding requirement, Tanksale said there is no need for a SLR (statutory liquidity ratio) cut as the credit pick up is slow and there is no urgent need of liquidity.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 18:32 (IST)

Need to Tackle  Persistent  Inflation: RajanMumbai: Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said the country suffered from "persistent" inflation, adding India had to act, while also noting the need for more data across important economic indicators such as employment and producer prices.
"The real problem is that inflation is persistent," Dr Rajan said in a speech.
"We have been emphasising again and again, in order to break the back of inflation we have got to break this persistence. Once we do it we can be much more comfortable."
Dr Rajan has previously said inflation, driven by food inflation, is a structural problem that cannot be solved by monetary policy alone.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reliance Industries will create 1 25 000 jobs in the next 12-15 months  assures Mukesh AmbaniIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

European stocks rise on ECB stimulus speculation; Dax up 0.27%Sep 25, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
European stocks rise on ECB stimulus speculation; Dax up 0.27%
European stocks rise on ECB stimulus speculation; Dax up 0.27%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
European stocks rise on ECB stimulus speculation; Dax up 0.27%
European stocks rise on ECB stimulus speculation; Dax up 0.27%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - European stocks were higher on Thursday, as speculation over the possibility of additional easing measures by the European Central Bank lent support.
During European morning trade, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 added 0.13%, France's CAC 40 edged up 0.07%, while Germany's DAX rose 0.27%.
European equities found some support after ECB President Mario Draghi said on Wednesday that the bank will keep its monetary policy "accommodative" for as long as needed, and will use every tool at its disposal to fight deflation.
"Monetary policy will remain accommodating for a long time and I can tell you that the Governing Council is unanimous in committing itself to using the tools at its disposal to bring inflation back to just under 2%."
The comments came after data showed that Germany's Ifo business confidence index deteriorated for the fifth successive month in September, adding to fears that the euro zone's largest economy is losing momentum.
Financial stocks were broadly higher, as French lenders BNP Paribas (PARIS:BNPP) and Societe Generale (PARIS:SOGN) gained 0.45% and 1.32%, while Germany's Deutsche Bank (XETRA:DBKGn) rose 0.29%.
Among peripheral lenders, Italy's Unicredit (MILAN:CRDI) and Intesa Sanpaolo (MILAN:ISP) advanced 0.20% and 0.66% respectively, while Spanish banks Banco Santander (MADRID:SAN) and BBVA (MADRID:BBVA) added 0.23% and 0.40%.
Elsewhere, Air France-KLM (PARIS:AIRF) surged 2.91% after the airliner withdrew a plan to set up a low-cost subsidiary, removing the cause for a strike by its French pilots.
In London, FTSE 100 added 0.13%, supported by Direct Line Insurance, up 3.03% after agreeing to sell its international division to Spain's Mapfre (MADRID:MAP) for €550 million.
Cairn Energy (LONDON:CNE) added to gains, with shares rallying 1.94% as the company signed an agreement for the stake sale in the Catcher development. Dyas UK will reportedly buy 10% by funding Cairn's exploration and development activities for as much as $182 million.
Meanwhile, financial stocks were mostly higher as Barclays (LONDON:BARC) rose 0.36% and Lloyds Banking (LONDON:LLOY) jumped 1.07%, while the Royal Bank of Scotland (LONDON:RBS) rallied 1.20%. HSBC Holdings (LONDON:HSBA) underperformed however, down 0.14%.
In the mining sector, stocks were sharply lower. Shares in Rio Tinto (LONDON:RIO) lost 0.94% and Glencore Xstrata (LONDON:GLEN) dropped 0.99%, while rivals Fresnillo (LONDON:FRES) and Randgold Resources (LONDON:RRS) plummeted 1.71% and 2.59% respectively.
In the U.S., equity markets pointed to a moderately lower open. The Dow 30 futures pointed to a 0.09% loss, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.12% decline, while the NASDAQ 100 futures indicated a 0.09% fall.
Later in the day, the U.S. was to release data on durable goods orders, as well as the weekly report on jobless claims.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

The view is nice up here   Mars Orbiter beams back 1st imagesSep 25, 2014 at 06:56pm IST
'The view is nice up here', Mars Orbiter beams back 1st images
5
0
Bangalore/New Delhi: India's Mars spacecraft has beamed back the first images of the red planet and they were made public by ISRO with a caption "The view is nice up here", a day after it was placed in orbit in the very first attempt scripting space history.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) uploaded one of the photos to its Facebook page, showing an orange crater-marked surface with dark holes, taken from a height of 7,300 km.
The first set of pictures taken by Mars Orbiter Mission's (MOM) onboard colour camera was presented to Prime Minister Narendra Modi by ISRO in New Delhi. "1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter. The view is nice up here," ISRO tweeted with snaps of the red planet.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) uploaded one of the photos to its Facebook page, showing an orange crater-marked surface with dark holes, taken from a height of 7,300 km.
#mars #mars mission #isro #mangalyaan
To this, the Prime Minister responded, "Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro." An ISRO team led by its Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Scientific Secretary V Koteswara Rao handed over the pictures to Modi, hours before he left on a five-day visit to the US.
"A team of @isro scientists presented the 1st pictures from #Mangalyaan today morning. @isro," the PM tweeted. Modi was present at the ISRO command centre in Bangalore on Wednesday when India successfully placed its low-cost indigenous MOM spacecraft in orbit around the red planet to become the first country to achieve this feat in its very first attempt breaking into an elite club of three nations.
Modi had described the feat as "near impossible". The spacecraft is now circling the planet in an orbit whose nearest point to Mars (periapsis) is at 421.7 km and farthest point (apoapsis) at 76,993.6 km, ISRO said.
The inclination of orbit with respect to the equatorial plane of Mars is 150 degree, as intended. In this orbit, the spacecraft takes 72 hours 51 minutes 51 seconds to go round the Mars once.
In the coming weeks, the ISRO said in a release, the spacecraft will be thoroughly tested in the Mars orbit and the systematic observation of that planet using its five scientific instruments would begin.
MOM aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life in Mars. The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the red planet.
The Rs 450-crore Mars mission is the cheapest inter-planetary mission embarked by any country. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The Orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
13

South Carolina TrooperDashcam Captures South Carolina Trooper Shooting Unarmed Man in Traffic Stop
Sep 25, 2014, 7:47 AM ET
By ABC NEWS via World News
An image taken from video shows former South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert shooting at Levar Jones during a traffic stop in Richmond County, South Carolina, on September 4, 2014.
South Carolina 5th Circuit Solicitor's Office
Share
Copy
Dashcam video captured the moment a South Carolina state trooper shot an unarmed man during a traffic stop earlier this month.
The trooper, Sean Groubert, was arrested Wednesday and charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature.
The video shows Groubert stopping Levar Jones for a seat belt violation at a convenience store in Richland County, South Carolina, on Sept. 4, according to South Carolina Department of Public Safety.
After Groubert asked for his license, Jones, 35, turned back toward his car and reached inside. Groubert then began shooting and yelling at Jones to "get out of the car."
Jones, who was unarmed, was hit in the hip with a bullet, police said. He can be heard saying "I just got my license. You said get my license."
Groubert was fired last week. He faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

6 things you need to know about STEMBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo October 10, 2014: 2:18 PM ET
 
Your guide to high-paying STEM jobs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
STEM -- the acronym for science, technology, engineering and math -- has sparked a nationwide debate about education, gender, immigration and the future of the U.S. economy.
Here are six things you need to know about STEM:
Kids need to get excited about science early.
STEM jobs are growing at 1.7 times the rate of non-STEM jobs, and the U.S. is simply not producing enough candidates to fill them. Only 16% of high school seniors are interested in pursuing STEM careers, according to the Department of Education.
The Obama administration is investing millions of dollars to produce an additional one million STEM undergrads by 2022. But that would barely fill the projected shortage in STEM jobs.
To get more students interested, some universities are changing their approach.
"[College professors] have changed how they teach in order to draw in a more diverse group," said Londa Schiebinger, a professor at Stanford . "They show you the cool applications first -- then they bring in the theory and more difficult techniques. It's hooking people in and showing them what they can do with the skills."
Related: Few female engineers and execs at Google
But it's got to happen sooner -- starting in kindergarten -- in order to attract a diverse mix and spur innovation.
"How much cooler would STEM be if we got the creative juices of broader segments of the population?" said Schiebinger.
STEM grads aren't just important for engineering.
74% of college graduates with STEM degrees are going into non-STEM jobs, according to the Census Bureau. They're pursuing careers in everything from healthcare and law to education and social work.
While that's bad news for employers hoping to fill STEM positions, the graduates are highly sought after and earn higher wages than their non-STEM counterparts, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce.
"You want them to go on to higher value-added pursuits. You want them to start their own companies," said Anthony P. Carnevale, director of Georgetown's Center on Education and the Workforce. "Having a technical degree is the best foundation to give you the most choice in this economy."
Just in case there's any doubt: Microsoft's ( MSFT , Tech30 ) Satya Nadella, Amazon's ( AMZN , Tech30 ) Jeff Bezos and Yahoo's ( YHOO , Tech30 ) Marissa Mayer all have engineering degrees -- and none are technically working in a "STEM" field.
Fewer women are graduating with computing degrees.
These numbers have actually decreased over the past two decades. According to the National Center for Women & Information Technology, women made up just 18% of computer science college grads in 2012. In 1985, it was 37%.
"Women are becoming discouraged from computer science because it's a boy's club," said Vivek Wadhwa, fellow at Stanford Law School and author of Innovating Women . "We need to level the playing field, change our practices. We've created the shortage for ourselves."
 
Techies descend on the White House
Computer science is a growing sector, and it's important for women to be a part of that growth. Employment opportunities are projected to grow 15% from 2012 to 2022 (that's faster than average), according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Not all STEM jobs are created equal.
Though women earn roughly half of all bachelor's degrees in STEM fields, according to the National Science Foundation, their concentrations differ from their male counterparts.
Women tend to specialize in less lucrative STEM fields, according to FiveThirtyEight. They pursue careers in health and life sciences, while men are more likely to go into computer science and engineering (which tend to pay more).
The salary difference can be substantial. Nutritional science majors (86.4% of whom are women) earn a median $35,000 out of college. Meanwhile, Mining and Mineral Engineering majors (roughly 90% of whom are men) make a median $75,000 out of college.
Foreigners aren't taking Americans' jobs.
Foreign students gravitate toward STEM fields like medicine and computer software design, which have some of the lowest unemployment rates, according to a report from the Partnership for a New American Economy.
These are also jobs that U.S. companies consistently struggle to fill -- much more than their non-STEM counterparts, according to a Brookings report .
That means foreigners aren't keeping native workers in those fields from finding jobs.
Moreover, immigrants bring knowledge of global markets, which is key for innovation, according to Wadhwa.
The U.S. will be increasingly reliant on foreign talent.
Foreign students study STEM or business fields at a higher rate than American students (about 66% compared to 48%), according to a separate report from Brookings.
Moreover, the number of native-born students pursuing STEM degrees is growing at just 1% a year.
Related: Women take on manufacturing
Members of Congress have introduced efforts to make it easier for foreign STEM graduates to get a green card.
But mobilizing homegrown talent is also a priority for the Obama administration, which is putting $35 million toward a STEM teacher training competition and mentoring initiative that will connect students to tech workers.
Encouraging more people, especially women, to consider STEM fields is key to ensuring the U.S. doesn't suffer a massive brain drain when foreign talent leaves the country.
"We still need immigrants. [But] we need to encourage women to enter those fields," said Wadhwa. "[Then] immigration can take its natural path."
First Published: September 25, 2014: 10:04 AM ET
Most Popular

US Stock Market Sinks as Apple Drags Down TechAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Average US 30-Year Mortgage Rate at 4.20 PercentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

DHL to use drones for deliveriesDHL to use ‘parcelcopter’ drones for deliveries
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c00bd8e2-44ad-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Skoda Holding Back Investment in IndiaSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: On a day when the government launched the 'Make in India' campaign, Czech carmaker Skoda has said it is holding back its future investments in the country citing 'uncertainties' relating to policy framework.
The company, which on Thursday launched an updated version of its mid-sized sedan Rapid priced between Rs 7.22 lakh and Rs 10.97 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), has also put the small car project on the backburner owing to uncertainties in the industry related to "tax issues and other disputes".
Skoda Auto India chairman and managing director Sudhir Rao said issues like technology transfer agreement, the Fiat case (payment of excise duty on the discounts) and a recent order by the Competition Commission (CCI) imposing fine on several auto makers are some of the issues which are making global automakers like Skoda to not invest further here.
"We would like to invest more in the future provided these uncertainties start making us feel more comfortable. If these uncertainties become a thing of past and we are clear of the rules of the game as to speak then we can compete according to those rules in in the game," Mr Rao told reporters in Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the same day launched the 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of top industry leaders to turn the country into a global manufacturing hub.
Skoda, which sells models like Superb, Octavia and Yeti in the country, has so far invested around 750 million euros in India.
"...I think if we were a lot more gung ho, optimistic, we would have made the decision to invest heavily in the Fabia replacement. So, what we have done instead to succeed in India is that we are working on other aspects like the Rapid facelift project," Mr Rao added.
Elaborating further on the project, he said, "We have engaged Mahindra engineering services to help us with engineering aspects to create a design, which is simpler and works in India and also matches Skoda specifications."
The completely new Rapid, on which the company is experimenting to cut down on the cost of production on the future products, is expected to be launched after three years.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 19:54 (IST)

Govt to revive 5 PSUs; plans VRS for employees of six unitsSep 25, 2014, 07.48 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to revive 5 PSUs; plans VRS for employees of six units
The state-run units which have been identified by the government for revival include HMT Machine Tools Ltd; Heavy Engineering Corporation; NEPA Ltd; Nagaland Paper & Pulp Co Ltd; and Triveni Structurals," Union Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to revive 5 PSUs; plans VRS for employees of six units
The state-run units which have been identified by the government for revival include HMT Machine Tools Ltd; Heavy Engineering Corporation; NEPA Ltd; Nagaland Paper & Pulp Co Ltd; and Triveni Structurals," Union Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said.
Post your opinion here
 
The government today said it has begun the process of reviving five ailing PSUs and is working on one-time settlement involving voluntary retirement scheme entailing a cost of Rs 1,000 crore for employees of six state-run units not capable of revival.
"Out of 11 sick PSUs, process for reviving 5 has started and these shall be revived. However, the remaining six units, which cannot be revived, we have decided on making a one-time settlement proposal of VRS for the employees of these units. "The state-run units which have been identified by the government for revival include HMT Machine Tools Ltd; Heavy Engineering Corporation; NEPA Ltd; Nagaland Paper & Pulp Co Ltd; and Triveni Structurals," Union Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said.
Also Read: PSU banks need $37bn in fresh capital to meet Basel III
Geete said the government is working on a one-time settlement proposal for six terminally ill PSUs which cannot be revived, to eliminate higher recurring expenditure. "Since last several years, we have been paying salaries to all the employees sick PSUs. We have spent Rs 3,000 crore till now on that. Instead of spending more thousand crores on that, it will be better that we spend once and for all. We are making a proposal for one-time settlement costing around Rs 1,000 crore for employees of 6 PSUs not capable of revival."
"The six companies which cannot be revived are Hindustan Photo Films Ltd; HMT Bearings Ltd; HMT Watches Ltd; HMT Chinar Watches Ltd; Tungabhadra Steel Products Limited; and Hindustan Cables Ltd. These 6 companies have employee strength of 3,603," the Minister said at a press conference to mark the 100 days of NDA government here.
Geete also informed that as per the recommendations of the Board for Reconstruction of Public Sector Enterprises (BRPSE), the government/holding companies have approved revival of 48 out of 58 central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) and closure of four out of six CPSEs.
RELATED NEWS

Coal ruling to hit India s nascent economic recoverySep 25, 2014, 07.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Coal ruling to hit India's nascent economic recovery'
The report said the renewed coal scenario most likely would lead to an increase in coal prices, and this along with the revised gas pricing formula (under discussion) would increase fuel cost and thus electricity rates.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Coal ruling to hit India's nascent economic recovery'
The report said the renewed coal scenario most likely would lead to an increase in coal prices, and this along with the revised gas pricing formula (under discussion) would increase fuel cost and thus electricity rates.
Post your opinion here
 
The Supreme Court verdict cancelling 214 coal blocks may adversely impact India's economic recovery as it will hit key sectors and its "tremors" will be felt in states as well, a rating agency said today. In a landmark judgement, the apex court yesterday quashed allocation of 214 out of the 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993. The top court, however, allowed these cancelled blocks to continue extracting coal till March 31, 2015.
"We believe that the coal block cancellation by the Supreme Court could adversely impact the country's nascent economic recovery," India Ratings said in a report. The report said the renewed coal scenario most likely would lead to an increase in coal prices, and this along with the revised gas pricing formula (under discussion) would increase fuel cost and thus electricity rates.
The rating outfit said in the event of insufficient fuel cost pass through to end users, the financial health of discoms (distribution companies) would deteriorate further. "In case the fuel price hike is passed through completely, it will stoke inflation." The report further said the banking and financial institutions' exposure to these coal blocks is around a whopping Rs 2.5 trillion.
The banking sector is already under stress. And apart from commercial banks, Rural Electrification Corp and Power Finance Corp, too, will be hit by the cancellation, it said. The SC has imposed a levy of Rs 295 per tonne of coal extracted till now by all cancelled block holders. India Rating said the ruling will have a direct impact on corporates with allocated coal blocks and the "tremors" will be felt on state governments as well.
"While there may be some windfall gain for the Central Government this fiscal from the additional levy imposed, six states' finances would be affected by this ruling." West Bengal is likely to be the worst affected, as six operating coal blocks allocated to various State Government companies have been annulled. One operating coal block allotted to each state government company from Arunachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab and Rajasthan, too, has been cancelled. After two years of under-5 per cent GDP growth, Asia's third largest economy expanded at 5.7 percent in the first quarter of 2014-15.
RELATED NEWS

NZ dollar slides on intervention talkNZ dollar slides on talk of intervention from central bank chief
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/604b7a84-44bc-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IM wants to make India like Iraq  Syria: NIAIndian Mujahideen wants to make India like Iraq, Syria: National Investigation Agency
IANS Sep 25, 2014, 08.43PM IST
(IM wanted to make India like…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian Mujahideen wanted to make India like war-torn Iraq and Syria by carrying out regular terrorist activities in the country, according to charge sheet filed against top suspected operatives by the NIA.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said top IM operative Mohammad Shafi Armar alias Shafi alias Atta Bhatkal, who is on run, has travelled to Afghanistan and Syria and worked with the Al Qaeda. He was in regular contact with top IM men like Riyaz, Iqbal and Yasin Bhatkal.
"During a chat, the accused Armar stated that he desired that India should become like Iraq and Syria (where terrorist activities were continuously going on and large scale violence was also taking place)," the NIA said in the charge sheet against Tehsin Akhtar, Waqas, Haidar Ali alias Abdullah and 17 other absconding accused including IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Mirza Shahid Beg and Armar.
A court Thursday took cognisance of the charge sheet filed Monday.
It was the third charge sheet filed in the case, registered on Sep 10, 2012 against members of IM for carrying out terrorist activities and conspiracy to wage war against the country.
Tehsin was arrested March 25 near the India-Nepal border in West Bengal while Waqas was arrested outside the Ajmer railway station March 22. Haidar was arrested July 2.
In February, the NIA has charge sheeted IM co-founder Yasin Bhatkal and three others, and in July 2013, five more IM cadre - Mohammad Danish Ansari, Mohammad Aftab Alam, Imran Khan, Syed Maqbool and Obaid-ur-Rehman.
They are booked under various provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the Indian Penal Code for conspiracy to commit offences against the state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sad to part ways with Sena but no hard feelings: Rajiv Pratap RudyPrint
Rajiv Pratap Rudy said if there had been no time constraint, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution. (Source: Express photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:35 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 9:45 pm
After parting ways with its 25-year-old alliance partner Shiv Sena, BJP on Thursday said it will go alone to oust the “corrupt” NCP-Congress in Maharashtra but will not hold any bitterness with its old ally during the campaign for the October 15 state assembly polls.
Terming as “unfortunate” the break-up of its alliance, BJP said time constraints and “inflexibility” of Shiv Sena compelled it to contest the coming polls without its old ally.
“It is very unfortunate that we have to part ways after 25 years of journey. We have seen lots of ups and downs with Shiv Sena and we have braved them boldly for the last 25 years, BJP general secretary and incharge of party affairs in Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy told PTI.
He said if there was more time left for nominations, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution but time constraints and an “inflexible” Shiv Sena forced the split.
“Reluctantly, we have to part ways as there is a severe constraint of time as all nominations for 288 seats which will include our smaller alliance partners has to be accomplished by September 27, the deadline for nominations fixed by the Election Commission,” said the BJP leader who spearheaded the talks with Shiv Sena along with party’s election incharge of the state Om Mathur.
“We are committed that even if we are parting ways there will be no bitterness whatsoever between our old partners and the sole consideration of these elections is to get rid of NCP-Congress regime which has unleashed years of misgovernance and corruption,” he said.

Meghalaya economic blockade hits Tripura  Mizoram suppliesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:35 pm
An economic blockade called by Movement for Indigenous Peoples’ Rights and Livelihood-Meghalaya (MIPRL) since Tuesday has severely affected movement of trucks and other commercial vehicles on NH44 – lifeline for Tipura, Mizoram, southern Manipur and southern Assam – for the third day on Thursday.
The MIPRL has called the indefinite blockade demanding withdrawal a ban the National Green Tribunal (NGT) had imposed on coal mining in Meghalaya. The economic blockade has led to clashes between police and protestors, prompting the police to open fire at Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills district in Meghalaya Wednesday evening. Two persons including a woman were killed and five others were injured in the firing. The authorities have imposed curfew in view of the clashes.
“Hundreds of goods-laden trucks, passenger buses, small cars and other vehicles bound for southern Assam, Tripura and Mizoram have been stranded in different places of NH 44 in Meghalaya,” reports quoting an official in Agartala said today.
The agitators most also pelted stones and damaged some vehicles, reports said. NH 44 links Tripura, Mizoram and southern Assam to the rest of India through Meghalaya, and in the absence of broad-guage rail link, this highway is the most vital lifeline for these states.
The Tripura government meanwhile has approached the Meghalaya government to intervene and restore normal movement of vehicles on NH44 through the state. Prolonged blockade would trigge off scarcity of essential items including foodgrains in Tripura, Mizoram and southern Assam, reports added.
Torrential rains meanwhile has further added to the woes with landslides blocking NH44 at Tansen, about 50 kms south of Shillong, the Meghalaya capital.
Meanwhile, the only metre-gauge rail link between Lumding in Assam and Tripura will remain shut for six months from October 1 in view of guage conversion between Lumding and Silchar. This metre-gauge rail link also connects Bairabi in Mizoram and Jiribam in southern Manipur to the rest of the country.

Oil prices plunging despite ISISBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 25, 2014: 11:57 AM ET
 
Here's why there's no ISIS oil shock
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Oil prices have fallen sharply over the past few months -- even though the terrorist organization ISIS has taken control of some refineries in Syria and Iraq.
Prices haven't shot up since the United States and its allies have started to conduct airstrikes against ISIS oil targets in Syria either.
It may seem strange that prices haven't skyrocketed.
Typically, tension in the Middle East has caused serious concerns about oil supply being taken off the market.
But experts say there are several reasons why the ISIS situation has not pushed energy prices up ... and that the trend should continue.
ISIS supply disruption is minimal. While ISIS has made headway in eastern Syria and northern Iraq, it has not yet been able to take control of many oil properties in the southern part of Iraq. Unless ISIS does so, there is probably little reason to worry about global supply being cut.
"There has been no visible production decrease yet. ISIS has made a push for the south of Iraq and has not succeeded. And that's where a significant portion of the country's oil production and infrastructure is," said Dan Pickering, co-president of Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co., an investment bank that focuses on the energy industry.
 
ISIS profits on black market oil in Iraq
Pickering adds that Libya is starting to restart production of oil again in a major way. That should help boost supply and keep prices stable.
Strong dollar, weak Europe and China. Oil, like many other commodities, is priced in dollars. When the dollar is strong (as it is now) that makes the price of oil much more expensive in areas outside of the U.S.
That's a problem for Europe in particular. Europe's economy is showing serious signs of strain. There are legitimate concerns about deflation and another recession.
Related: The U.S. dollar is super strong right now
"Oil is getting cheaper from a U.S. perspective, but that's not the case for countries with weaker currencies," said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer for Commonwealth Financial. "I wouldn't be surprised to see demand fall in Europe and China."
The U.S. isn't as addicted to foreign oil anymore. The shale gas boom in the U.S. is a game changer for oil prices. The U.S. is importing a smaller amount of oil lately as a result of increased domestic production.
According to the most recent weekly figures from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, imports are at their lowest levels since mid-May.
The U.S. imported just 6.87 million barrels a day in the week that ended September 19. To put that in perspective, the U.S. was routinely importing more than 10 million barrels a day each week in 2008.
In fact, Pickering thinks that supply from the U.S. is actually helping keep oil prices from falling further given the concerns about deteriorating demand. He said that based on current supply and demand trends though, prices for Brent crude, the most common type of oil trading around the world, could fall another $5 to $10 a barrel to the high $80s or low $90s.
And McMillian thinks that the price of the type of oil most commonly traded in the U.S. could tumble as low as $80 to $85 a barrel from current levels of around $93.
"The U.S. energy renaissance is just beginning," he said. "The Middle East is no longer as influential in setting oil prices."
Of course, the situation in Syria and Iraq bears watching. But until there is a legitimate reason to be concerned about a hit to supply, Pickering thinks oil investors will continue to ignore the headlines.
He said investors have grown fatigued by worrying about a geopolitical-induced shock that never seems to come to pass.
"We've had turmoil in the Middle East for a long period of time and we've never had any major supply disruptions," Pickering said.
First Published: September 25, 2014: 11:46 AM ET
Most Popular

Tech trouble sparks U.S. stock sellingTech trouble sparks wave of selling on Wall Street
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 25, 2014: 4:18 PM ET
 
Don't sweat the market's dip
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apparently it's not just iPhones that can bend. So can the will of bullish investors.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) and other technology stocks took a tumble on Thursday, driving the Nasdaq deeply into the red: almost down 2%.
But it's not just tech stocks that had a bad day. The Dow dove 264 points and the broader S&P 500 slumped 1.6%.
The sea of red leaves Wall Street with its fourth decline in five days and erases Wednesday's big rally.
"There are definitely some flashing warning signs in the market. I've heard people more nervous today than in a while," said John Guarino, co-founder of hedge fund Quad Capital. "People aren't really talking about buying today's dip."
Related: There's a 'death cross' in the stock market
Extreme fear: It seems fear is back in vogue on Wall Street -- just in time for Halloween.
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is now flashing "extreme fear," compared with just "fear" a week ago. Very recently, this gauge was in all-out "greed" territory.
Safe haven demand, a key metric in the Fear & Greed Index, switched to "extreme fear" from "neutral" earlier this week.
"Equity investors are concerned about the second, third and fourth largest economies in the world slowing down," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, referring to trouble in China, Japan and Europe.
While the U.S. economy continues to chug along, recent economic data out of Europe suggest the continent has been hurt by the sanctions slapped on Russia.
The other two key economic powerhouses China and Japan continue to grapple with their own headwinds.
Guarino also pointed to growing concerns about how lower quality bonds will perform as the Federal Reserve cuts back on stimulus. The iShares high yield corporate bond ETF ( HYG ) slid 0.7% on Thursday.
Related: Fear factor - Investors are scared again
Sour Apple: Apple has been in the news for all the wrong reasons over the past few days.
The tech giant slid 3.8% on Thursday in the wake of apparent glitches with its iOS software update . Some Apple customers have also complained that the new iPhone 6 Plus is bendable , although the company said complaints have been minimal .
As the world's largest company, Apple tends to have an outsize impact on the stock market. It's not listed on the Dow, but Apple has the largest weighting on the S&P 500.
"It's the last thing you bought so it's the first thing you sell. It's big and liquid," said Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners.
Other tech stocks are also under pressure, sparking the 1.9% drop for the Nasdaq. Big losers include Apple supplier Avago Technologies ( AVGO ), SanDisk ( SNDK ) and biotech names like Celgene ( CELG ) and Biogen ( BIIB ).
Related: Zero Hedge is Wall Street's daily dose of doom & gloom
Strong dollar, weak stocks: American stocks have also been hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar, which is now trading at levels not seen in more than four years.
The greenback is rallying on signs the Fed is moving ahead with plans to raise rates next year even as other central banks are adding more juice to the easy-money punchbowl.
While a stronger dollar can be a positive in the medium to long term, it's often a short-term negative for multinational stocks and commodities like oil.
First Published: September 25, 2014: 12:01 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1u2duLhFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Caddy's big, new flagship named CT6
That big, new rear-drive Cadillac flagship, coming next year, will be named CT6, the brand said today.  It is the "new, high-technology car positioned at the top of its range" that Caddy says will be
Post to Facebook
Caddy's big, new flagship named CT6 That big, new rear-drive Cadillac flagship, coming next year, will be named CT6, the brand said today.  It is the "new, high-technology car positioned at the top of its range" that Caddy says will be Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sqRzPa
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Caddy's big, new flagship named CT6
James R. Healey , 4:41 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
The Cadillac Elmiraj Concept at its unveiling last year at the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance in California. The four-seat rear-wheel drive grand coupe telegraphs front-end styling touches to appear on the brand's big flagship sedan, called CT6, coming late next year.
(Photo: Cadillac)
187 CONNECT 97 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
That big, new rear-drive Cadillac flagship, coming late next year, will be named CT6, the brand said today.
The car is the "new, high-technology car positioned at the top of its range" that Caddy says will be its equivalent to the Mercedes-Benz S-class.
And the nomenclature begins a shift in naming for Cadillac. When a model is redesigned, or a new model is introduced, it will get a CT-numeric designation. The CTS, when overhauled, could become CT5; the ATS small sedan, the CT4.
Cadillac hasn't confirmed those future designations, but suggests that's how the new naming system will be used.
Cadillac, General Motors' luxury brand, says that helps shoppers picture where a car belongs in the lineup. The higher the number, the bigger and more-expensive the car is.
Caddy did not say whether it  likewise will shift its SUV nomenclature. Currently, Caddy sells the SRX crossover SUV, and the traditional, truck-based Escalade, based on the Chevrolet Tahoe, and Escalade ESV, based on the Chevy Suburban.
GM announced Tuesday that it is making Cadillac a separate business unit and moving sales and marketing operations to trendy SoHo in Manhattan.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sqRzPa
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Korean e-bike breaks the chainLondon's £600m floating bike path
The Footloose is an electric bike, but rather than using a motor to provide assist when pedaling, the only direct link between the pedals and rear wheel is electronic. The pedals power an alternator instead of a chain ring, and send power to a lithium-ion battery pack. That battery powers a motor in the back hub, which is controlled with a thumb throttle. The 250-watt motor is dual-wound, and shifts motor speeds when it encounters a slope, thanks to what the company calls that an “artificial intelligence gear shifter.” No matter the terrain, the rider moves along at a steady pace, pedaling leisurely as if on a bike path through a city park.
While eliminating the dreaded greasy trouser leg, going chainless has another advantage: it allows the bike to fold compactly. Designer Mark Sanders – who has previously designed electric and folding bikes for Pacific Cycles , and the amazingly collapsible, if improbably triangular, Strida bicycle – created an ingenious folding mechanism for the Footloose that allows the 48-pound bike to be rolled on both wheels into subway or office, or lifted easily into the trunk of a car.
Range is 18 miles on full charge, or 28mi with pedal charging along the way, and the Footloose is good for a top speed of 15mph. Riders can charge the bike from a household outlet, or pedal to top off the battery. One could, conceivably, pump through one’s own personal spin class in the garage, and then zip around, perspiration- and guilt-free, on Li-ion-stored muscle power. It’s personal mobility meets personal motivation.
Beyond its home market of Korea, the Footloose is presently on sale in some key e-bike markets, including most of western Europe, the US, the UAE, Russia and Singapore. The price, unlike the bike itself, is a fairly hefty $4000.
Nobody said progress was going to be cheap.
Footloose in Paris. (Halla Meister Ltd)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

  Make in India  Has to be Made Successful: MahindraSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra said on Thursday that every citizen would have to play a part in making Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make In India' project successful.
"We have to make this (project) work. We all have to do our bit," he told reporters in response to a question on the campaign during the launch of the new generation Scorpio vehicle in Mumbai.
(Read: PM Modi's Make-in-India pitch: 10 key takeaways )
"It is not about whether it is possible. It has to be made possible," he said, adding, "We are not going to get any more chances. I think India has been given one more chance after disappointing the world".
"I am very delighted to say that we are first of the block. This vehicle will make us proud not only in India, but also validate Make in India, around the world," he said.
On support that the auto industry is looking at from government, Mr Mahindra said that the government needs to simplify regulations, among other things.
"There are a plethora of regulations. What is happening is that, when you want to make a new investment in India, it is not just about the land or power, it is also about regulations which may impede manufacturing," he said.
"What really needs to be done which I hope India will do, is help join the dots. We need to see how the single window and the deadline for providing answers to queries work."
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 21:34 (IST)

JK Tyre & Industries to Split Stock in 1:5 RatioSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: JK Tyre & Industries Ltd on Thursday said that its board has approved splitting its equity shares in the ratio of 1:5 ratio.
"The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting held on September 25, 2014, has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of the face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," JK Tyre & Industries said in a filing to the BSE.
It, however, added that the sub-division "is subject to approval of the members and any other statutory and regulatory approvals".
Earlier this week, JK Tyre & Industries Ltd had informed that it was considering a stock split plan and its board will take up the matter on Thursday.
As per information available on the bourse, the company has a total of 4,10,59,346 shares. Of which, 47.34 per cent is held by promoter group, while the public holding is 52.66 per cent.
Shares in JK Tyre & Industries, on Thursday, ended at Rs 449.30 apiece on the BSE, down 7.02 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 19:51 (IST)

Indian Market Turnover Soars to Record Rs 8.2 Lakh Crore LevelYou are here: Home Market
Indian Market Turnover Soars to Record Rs 8.2 Lakh Crore Level
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 25, 2014 21:23 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Mumbai: The Indian capital markets' turnover on Thursday rose to a record high level of about Rs 8.2 lakh crore amid monthly expiry of derivative contracts.
BSE recorded total daily turnover of Rs 2,93,526.31 crore, while that of NSE rose to Rs 5,32,612 crore, taking the combined total for the entire Indian capital markets to Rs 8,26,138.31 crore.
National Stock Exchange (NSE) said its total futures and options (F&O) turnover scaled a record high of Rs 5,32,612 crore on this day, surpassing its previous high of Rs 441,534.45 crore touched on July 10, 2014.
Nearly 1.36 crore derivative contracts were traded on NSE amounting to a F&0 turnover of Rs 5.32 lakh crore, record high for a day, the bourse said.
Index options touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore as a part of the total derivative turnover on NSE on Thursday.
On July 10, index options turnover had touched a high of Rs 3.32 lakh crore.
Total turnover at BSE rose to Rs 2,93,526.31 crore at the end of trade, up from Rs 2,24,870.16 crore on Wednersday.
In the equity market, the BSE benchmark Sensex as well as NSE's Nifty closed with sharp losses.
Meanwhile, NSE also said that the total Bank Nifty turnover touched Rs 65,470 crore, while the turnover for Bank Nifty Options hit a record of Rs 55,250 crore. Bank Nifty turnover is a subset of total equity derivative turnover on the exchange.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 21:21 (IST)

Foreign Investment Limit in City Union Bank Raised to 40%You are here: Home Corporates
Foreign Investment Limit in City Union Bank Raised to 40 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 25, 2014 20:42 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) notified on Thursday that foreign investment limit in City Union Bank has been raised to 40 per cent, following which the restriction placed on purchase of shares of the firm by overseas investors has been lifted.
"...the foreign shareholding by FIIs/RFPIs in City Union Bank has gone below the revised threshold limit stipulated under the extant FDI Policy... Hence, the restrictions placed on the purchase of shares of the above company on July 18, 2014 are withdrawn with immediate effect," the RBI said a release.
Earlier, the limit for such investment was 35 per cent.
The restiction was lifted after the company's board passed resolution for purchase of equity shares by foreign institutional investors (FIIs), registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) or qualified foreign investors (QFIs) up to 40 per cent (from 35 per cent earlier) of their paid-up capital.
"Equity shares of City Union Bank can now be purchased through primary market and stock exchanges," the RBI noted.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 19:58 (IST)

Indian mkt has material upside in next 3yrs: BlackRockSep 25, 2014, 08.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indian mkt has material upside in next 3yrs: BlackRock
"Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummelled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian mkt has material upside in next 3yrs: BlackRock
"Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummelled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
Post your opinion here
 
With earnings momentum set to take off and domestic investors buying, the equity markets have "material upside" in the next three years, the US brokerage firm BlackRock said in its outlook for Indian markets.
"Equity valuations are reasonable, earnings momentum looks set to take off and domestic investors are buying. We therefore think the 30-stock BSE Sensex index has material upside in the next three years. "Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummelled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
Also Read: Indian mkt turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr level
BlackRock favours financials, consumer discretionary and small caps, but are lukewarm about staples, the report said. "India has gone from a castaway market to investor darling - in the space of a year. The election of Prime Minster Narendra Modi and the appointment of economist Raghuram Rajan as head of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have much to do with it. "Modi and Rajan have set in motion an apparent virtuous cycle: increasing business confidence, accelerating economic growth, deficit reduction, receding inflation, a stable currency and inbound investment. Modi is acting as a hands-on CEO. He has revived stalled investment projects, further curbed government spending and initiated many small changes that make it easier to do business," the report said.
"Under Rajan's watch, inflation is coming down, real interest rates have turned positive and the currency has stabilised. We expect India's GDP growth to accelerate to 7 percent annually in 2015, 2016 and beyond - when many other EM economies are expected to slow. The growth is driven by implementing half-finished projects," the report said. According to BlackRock, a drive to provide the poor with bank accounts will enable direct transfers of subsidies to the needy, leading to less wastage.
"Combine this with India's long-term advantages such as an expanding working age population, low debt-to-GDP levels, an edge in key industries such as IT and potential for financial sector growth, and the investment case starts to look pretty compelling. "We have yet to see progress on structural reforms and resolving policy ambiguities in the power sector. The next six months are crucial for investor confidence: Markets are anticipating a clear policy road map in the November-February parliamentary session and budget presentation, as well as rate cuts in 2015. Bottom line is markets need performance above promise," the report said.
RELATED NEWS

JSW Energy to acquire 3 plants of JP PowerSep 25, 2014, 10.23 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
JSW Energy to acquire 3 plants of JP Power
JSW Energy has inked a binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with JP Power to acquire three plants of 1,891 MW capacity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Energy to acquire 3 plants of JP Power
JSW Energy has inked a binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with JP Power to acquire three plants of 1,891 MW capacity.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
Its third time lucky for the JP Group, a day after  Reliance Power pulled the plug on its Rs 12,000 crore deal with JP Power; JSW Energy stepped in to save the day. Today, both  JP Power and  JSW Energy signed a definitive agreement to acquire the former's three power plants.
JSW Energy has inked a binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with JP Power to acquire three plants of 1,891 MW capacity. These include 300 MW Baspa-II and 1091 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro electric plant and 500 MW Bina thermal power plant.  
In an exclusive interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sajjan Jindal, CMD, JSW Steel said that JP Power and JSW Energy have entered into a definitive agreement to buy three plants - one thermal and two hydro power plants of JP Power. JSW Energy will acquire 100 percent equity of the three power plants, he added.
However, no financial details of the deal have been disclosed as yet. "The deal is premature to disclose the value of the deal as numbers are derivative," Jindal said.
Meanwhile, JSW Energy will raise debt to complete this transaction, he added.
Reliance Power stock price
On November 21, 2014, Reliance Power closed at Rs 71.05, down Rs 0.95, or 1.32 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 113.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 60.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.04 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1776.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 60.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.18.
RELATED NEWS

FIIs upbeat on India; bet on cyclicals  banks08:00 pm
Harshendu Bindal, President Franklin Templeton Asset Mgmt (India) believes that foreign investors are positive on India; while Prime Minister Narendra Modi is striking the right chords; concerns on issues like taxation remain.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, he adds that one can expect India Inc’s earnings to grow in the range of 17-18 percent in the next three-four years, which will be key factor in attracting investors.
On sectors, Bindal is bullish on cyclicals, banking and materials.
Also Read: Indian mkt has material upside in next 3yrs, says BlackRock
Below is the transcript of Harshendu Bindal's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan. For the complete interview watch the accompanying video
Q: The Prime Minister is making a sales pitch to investors both for FDI as well as FII in a sense but for are institutional investors telling you today? In the long term the India story intact but in the short term are we likely to see some pain?
A: One thing I have been realising over the past week or so that I have been here and speaking to a lot of institutional investors I think there is a lot of interest in India. However, the questions remain around the environment for taxation other issues around that or how easy or otherwise is it to come in to India. What the Prime Minister is saying, he is hitting all the right notes to our mind and the kind of issues that you talked about are exactly the kind of issues investors want to know about. If they can get that comfort, there is to my mind optimism, I think they are positive.
Q: Are they willing to pump in more money at these valuations?
A: If you look at valuations I think they are in the fair value territory. It is a question of now earnings growing from here. Our view on that is over the next three-four years you will see an earnings growth and in our estimate it is in the range of 17-18 percent. So, even if there is no rerating of the market, but the earnings growth will take it to a higher level. So, in that sense that needs to be communicated to investors and I think once they get that they will look at India.
Q: Which are the sectors that you are most excited about and most bullish on?
A: We are very structural when we look at our portfolios. So, we see for example cyclicals, banking, materials those are the kind of sectors we like to focus on vis-à-vis sectors like IT for example. So, we think those are some of the sectors that have a good story ahead of them and so we look at sectors like that in our funds right now.
Q: Do you anticipate a correction between 5 and 10 percent at this point in time before the market resumes its rally, that is the sense that we are getting, what is your own estimate?
A: We do not have a view on that because we are little more long-term in nature. So, we don’t really track that but I sense that that may happen. There will be little bit of volatility in the market not only for domestic reasons but for global reasons as well. So, we for the kind of volatility you talked about is may be quite practical and possible to look at. Having said that, with earnings start picking up we will come to a more stable environment and then the environment will change quite dramatically.
Q: What is the big global risk that you are factoring in?
A: Globally, we are looking at several things. We are looking at geopolitical risks. Besides that what we need to track is recovery in the US. I think people are getting a lot more positive in the US as well. If the recovery happens in the US the thing to look at is will they then invest in emerging markets going forward, to me that is one of the risks. I still think the way India is looking on a relative basis compared to some of the other emerging market countries we should be able to get better flows than some of them. But one always has to take a step back and look at what is happening globally. So, that may be one reason for flows not to be as strong as we would like.
Q

India can make it to top 50 of World Bank ranking: FICCISep 25, 2014, 09.19 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
India can make it to top 50 of World Bank ranking: FICCI
Watch the interview of Sidharth Birla President, FICCI with Nayantara Rai on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his views on Modi governments "Make in India" campaign.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India can make it to top 50 of World Bank ranking: FICCI
Watch the interview of Sidharth Birla President, FICCI with Nayantara Rai on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his views on Modi governments "Make in India" campaign.
Post your opinion here

MCX board approves new pact with FTIL for tech supportSep 25, 2014, 09.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MCX board approves new pact with FTIL for tech support
On September 17, the commodity markets regulator FMC had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX board approves new pact with FTIL for tech support
On September 17, the commodity markets regulator FMC had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
Post your opinion here
 
Commodity exchange  MCX today said its board has approved a new agreement with Jignesh Shah-led  FTIL for availing technological support and services, paving the way for the bourse to launch new contracts for January-March period of 2015.
MCX, which is already using the technology provided by its erstwhile promoter Financial Technologies (FTIL), is likely to sign a new agreement in the next few days. On September 17, the commodity markets regulator FMC had said the exchange can launch new contracts for three months January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
In a filing to BSE, MCX today said the Board has approved "the master amendment to principal agreements to be entered into between MCX and FTIL for availing technology support and managed services on such terms & conditions as contained therein". Pursuant to this agreement, MCX would continue to avail technology support and managed services from FTIL, it added.
In a separate filing, FTIL also informed that its board also approved the amendment to principal agreements to be entered into with MCX for continued provisions of software support and managed services. "It is also to be noted that by entering into the above said agreement, the companies have completed all the condition precedents of share purchase agreement with Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL) as disclosed on July 20, 2014," FTIL added in the filing.
Sources said MCX has renegotiated the agreement with FTIL as the earlier contract was proving to be expensive. In 2013-14 fiscal, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for giving technological support and services to the exchange. Under the new agreement, MCX will pay lesser than this amount, sources added. Meanwhile, the regulator, however, had made it clear that the exchange will be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
MCX has been seeking permission to launch fresh contracts for 2015 but the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) had warned that it would not allow new contracts unless FTIL brings down its 26 percent stake to two per cent as per its order dated December 17, 2013.
MCX India stock price
On November 21, 2014, Multi Commodity Exchange of India closed at Rs 891.45, up Rs 21.85, or 2.51 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 895.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 383.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 38.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 258.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.45.
RELATED NEWS

PM s make in India pitch: Is this what India needsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Cain Hoy opts against Tottenham bidCain Hoy opts against Tottenham Hotspur bid
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68d59f1c-44a9-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US stocks slide as Apple takes a hitUS stocks slide as Apple takes a beating
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12f21cb4-445f-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Split season: BJP  Sena  Cong  NCP all want to break freeBJP leaders Vinod Tawde and Devendra Phadnavis leave after a meeting with Shiv Sena leaders in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:08 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 4:31 am
It was a day of political upheavals in Maharashtra, as the BJP called off its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena and the NCP pulled the plug on the Congress government led by Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday, just weeks ahead of the state assembly elections.
The stage is now set for at least a four-cornered contest, even as the BJP indicated that it would not target the Sena in its campaign. However, that did not stop Sena leaders from branding the BJP as “betrayers”.
Announcing the decision to split from the Sena after seat-sharing talks collapsed, state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis said, “The Shiv Sena is not willing to consider the  concerns of BJP and allies, making it impossible to continue the relationship… We will continue as friends.”
The Sena wanted 151 of the total 288 seats, setting aside 123 for the BJP and 14 for the smaller allies of the “mahayuti” (grand alliance) — Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Republican Party of India, Rashtriya Samaj Party and Shiv Sangram. It also wanted the Chief Minister’s post.
The formula was not acceptable to the BJP, which demanded 135 seats for itself and 18 for the smaller allies. The BJP was ready to scale down its demand to 126 seats, on the condition that the Sena should agree to 145-147 seats.  But Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray refused to climb down from the party’s “Mission 151”, as declared by his son Aditya Thackeray.
ALSO READ:  NCP breaks 15-year-old alliance with Congress in Maharashtra
On Thursday evening, BJP president Amit Shah is learnt to have conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the alliance, founded in 1989 on the common ideology of Hindutva, was not working. Modi is reported to have said that the state leaders should take a decision keeping in mind the party’s larger interests.
“From the very beginning, we had decided that we would not tolerate the Shiv Sena’s high handedness or compromise on the party’s expansion plans,” said a senior BJP leader. Keeping this in mind, the BJP worked towards getting the smaller allies on board, while isolating the Sena.
Fadnavis held a series of meetings with Thackeray to set the stage for an “equal partnership”. In 1989, it was late Sena chief Bal Thackeray and late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan who formed the saffron alliance — the Sena then got 171 seats and the BJP 117. But the seat-sharing formula in 2009 was altered to 169 for Sena 169 and 119 for BJP.
Meanwhile, both the parties have begun the blame game. “The BJP had already made up its mind to break the alliance. It was looking for excuses and trying to put the onus on the Sena. They have betrayed us,” continued…

SBI has exposure of Rs 4 130 crore in cos impacted by coal orderYou are here: Home > Collections > Coal
SBI has exposure of Rs 4,130 crore in companies impacted by coal order
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 10.33PM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(State Bank of India said…)
NEW DELHI: State Bank of India today said it has exposure of about Rs 4,100 crore to companies that will be impacted by the Supreme Court order quashing 214 coal blocks.
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya , however, added that loans extended to the power plants would not become NPA as the government had indicated that it would make some arrangement to provide coal linkage despite cancellation of mines.
"These are units where power units are getting set up. They were supposed to mine the coal thereafter use it for generation of power instead of that they will have to get coal from somewhere else," she said.
"These companies have exposure around Rs 4,130 crore. There is nothing to be unduly worried about it. The (Coal) Ministry has indicated that they will make some arrangement for giving linkages from elsewhere and also thereafter they will go for rebidding or re-auction for mines," she said.
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said.
Emphasising that cancellation of 122 telecom licences in 2012 did not lead to huge amount of NPA, she said in this case also there will be takers and chances of assets turning bad is minimal.
Talking about stock spilt, she said, it is to ensure that volume goes up and retail investors are able to buy stocks.
"We were seeing falling of retail investors," she added. Yesterday, SBI approved sub-division of one equity share into ten.
Asked about expectation from the forthcoming monetary policy review, Bhattacharya said the RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged.
The RBI is scheduled to announce bi-monthly monetary policy on September 30.
Later in the day, SBI in a statement said the exposure of the bank to the affected companies by cancellation of 214 coal blocks by the Supreme Court is substantially lower. It does not apprehend any major problem or difficulty in recovery of the dues.
This statement came in the light a senior advocate appearing on behalf of Coal producers' Association submitting to the Supreme Court that the SBI may suffer a loss of up to Rs 78,263 crore which is almost 7.9 per cent of its networth for the financial year 2013.
Refuting this, SBI that the above figures have not been furnished by the bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Change privacy practices: EU watchdogs give ...EU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practices
By Reuters | 26 Sep, 2014, 12.09AM IST
Regulators in six European countries have opened investigations into Google after it consolidated its 60 privacy policies into one.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: European data privacy regulators on Thursday handed Google a package of guidelines to help it bring the way it collects and stores user data in line with EU law after six regulators opened investigations into the internet giant.
The group of European data protection authorities, known as the Article 29 Working Party, sent Google a list of measures it could implement, such as spelling out clearly for what purposes it collects user data and what third party entities would also be able to collect people's information.
Regulators in six European countries, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Britain and the Netherlands, have opened investigations into Google after it consolidated its 60 privacy policies into one and started combining data collected on individual users across its services, including YouTube , Gmail and Google Maps.
It gave users no means to opt out.
In January France's data protection authority, the CNIL, fined Google 150,000 euros ($191,100) for failing to bring its new privacy policy in line with local law.
A spokesman for the company said Google was open to the regulators' feedback and looked forward to discussing the list of guidelines.
"We have worked with the different data protection authorities across Europe to explain our privacy policy changes," said Al Verney.
The fines for privacy breaches remain small in most countries when compared with the $12.2 billion net profit Google earned in 2013.
Google has actively responded to a separate European court ruling that it must remove links from internet search results under a person's name if the information is inadequate or irrelevant. It is currently holding consultations in seven European capitals to debate the balance between privacy and the freedom of information.

Royal Mail hits low after rivals updateRoyal Mail hits low after rival’s update
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8c0006c-44d0-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent-WTI oil premium narrows sharply© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/63ba1380-4492-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tech stocks lead US equities lowerTech stocks lead US equities lower
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6affcf14-44cd-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kazakhstan revives conflict-hit bond sale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96322cb4-449a-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toss these 10 lagging stocks asideToss these 10 lagging stocks on your bonfire
By: Matt Krantz September 25, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Backyard bonfires and falling leaves aren’t the only things to watch out for this fall. Investors need to know about stocks that perennially disappoint during autumn.
Specifically, there are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including cosmetics company Avon (AVP) , utility Exelon (EXC) and retailers Kohl’s (KSS) and Target (TGT) that have lagged the market’s gains in each and every of the past five fall seasons.
These stocks stand out like a burning pile of leaves since the fall isn’t otherwise a bad time to be in the market. Stocks have gained roughly 6% on average over the past five fall seasons. And some stocks actually flourish in the fall. But that covers up some stocks that routinely drop from investors’ portfolios along with the leaves from the trees.
The fall is especially harsh for Avon. Shares of the makeup maker have never posted a gain in any of the past five fall seasons. Last fall was especially brutal for the company, with it falling 19.2%, while the S&P 500 rose 6.3%. The stock has lost 11% of its value, on average, in the past five falls.
Chart source: MSN Money
Analysts, though, continue to hold out hope for the turnaround of Avon. It’s one of five stocks among the 10 fall losers that analysts have rated an “outperform.” The 18-month price target on Avon is $15.77, which would be 18% upside from Wednesday’s closing price of $13.35.
The fall isn’t all that kind to several retailers, either, including Kohl’s or Target. Kohl’s has posted an average fall decline the past five years of 0.5%. Seasonal factors definitely play an important factor with retailers. Investors don’t start finding out how the critical holiday season went until late in the year and details aren’t clear until January the following year.
Company

24/7 Wall St.: USA s most (and least) educatedTweet
The proportion of Americans with a college degree has increased steadily each year for more than a decade. According to the latest U.S. Census data, 29.6% of Americans at least 25 years old had at least a bachelor’s degree last year, up from 27.9% in 2009.
Based on recently released educational attainment data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, West Virginia had the lowest level of educational attainment, with 18.9% of adults 25 and older having attained at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. Conversely, more than 40% of Massachusetts residents had at least a bachelor’s degree, the highest percentage nationwide.
Click here to see America’s least educated states
Earnings vary dramatically according to a person’s level of education. According to Holly Yettick, director of the Education Week Research Center, it is very clear that “people with higher levels of educational attainment make more money.” While a typical American adult with less than a high school diploma earned slightly more than $20,000 in 2013, a person with a bachelor’s degree earned more than $50,000.
Varying levels of income and poverty may also help explain the considerable variations in educational attainment between states. According to Sterling Lloyd, senior research associate at the Education Week Research Center, “varying poverty levels, or differences in socioeconomic status among residents in states” are among the major contributors to disparities in educational attainment.
In fact, the median household income in nine of the 10 states with the lowest educational attainment rates was far lower than the national median of $52,250 in 2013. On the other end of the spectrum, the most educated states all had among the highest median household income in the nation.
A number of other factors contribute to a state’s college attainment rate. While it is extremely difficult to measure the impact of policy on a region’s level of education, Lloyd explained that policy makers expect that “efforts to increase financial assistance for students will ultimately result in higher rates of educational attainment.” State policymakers are also attempting to improve college readiness by implementing new curriculum standards and benchmarks for college readiness, Lloyd told 24/7 Wall St.
College attainment levels may also be influenced by a migration effect. Yettick pointed out that areas in Colorado, for example, have excellent college attainment rates but relatively poor high school graduation rates. This may indicate that while a state’s education system may be weak, its job market may be strong, attracting people with college degrees to move to the state.
However, a state may also attract people without college degrees. Yettick mentioned Nevada in particular, which had among the lowest college attainment. According to Yettick, “there are a lot of service jobs, so a lot of people moving into [Nevada] do not have college degrees.”
Yet, strong post-secondary education systems are still very important to states. Lloyd said that higher college graduation rates will make a state “more competitive in attracting companies to locate or relocate,” which is why “you see a lot of governors pushing higher education in their state.” Lloyd further explained that with increasingly mobile infrastructure, the education level of the labor force is among the most important factors a company will consider when deciding where to move.
To identify the most and least educated states in America, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states with the highest and lowest percentages of residents aged 25 or older with at least a bachelor’s degree in 2013. 24/7 Wall St. also reviewed the percentages of adults who have completed education at each major education level, including high school, college, and graduate programs. In addition, we reviewed poverty rates and median earnings for the various levels of education, as well as statewide poverty rates and median household incomes. All data are from the U.S. Census’ American Community Survey.
These are the most and least educated states in America.

http://usat.ly/1puhA8LFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Chrysler recalls 349K cars to fix ignition switches
Chrysler Group has ordered a recall of 349,442 cars and SUVs from the 2008 model year to fix faulty ignition switches that potentially could lead to the engine shutting off while driving and air bags not
Post to Facebook
Chrysler recalls 349K cars to fix ignition switches Chrysler Group has ordered a recall of 349,442 cars and SUVs from the 2008 model year to fix faulty ignition switches that potentially could lead to the engine shutting off while driving and air bags not Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1peUVhl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chrysler recalls 349K cars to fix ignition switches
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 10:27 a.m. EDT September 26, 2014
The 2008 Dodge Magnum wagon is being recalled for ignition switch issues.
(Photo: AP)
290 CONNECT 119 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chrysler Group has ordered a recall of 349,442 cars and SUVs from the 2008 model year to fix faulty ignition switches that can move out of position and potentially could lead to the engine shutting off while driving and air bags not functioning.
Chrysler says ignitions keys on certain vehicles may not fully return to the "on" position after they are turned to start the engine. Instead, the key ends up between the "on" and "start" position. In that case, the windshield defroster and windshield wipers won't work.
The greater danger, which Chrysler calls "less probable," is that the key moves to the "accessory" or "off" position. In that happens, the car's engine will turn off, it will lose power steering and the air bags won't deploy.
Chrysler reports one accident with no injuries or deaths due to the issue.
Though embarrassing, Chrysler's latest ignition switch snafu pales in comparison to the one General Motors has faced over the same issue. GM's independent claims administrator acknowledges 21 deaths related to switches that can turn themselves off when jostled. It has recalled 2.6 million vehicles due to the issue.
Vehicles included in the Chrysler recall are 2008 Dodge Charger sedans, Dodge Magnum station wagons, Chrysler 300 sedans, Jeep Commander and Jeep Grand Cherokee SUVs. There are 292,224 vehicles in the U.S.; 18,976 in Canada; 4,947 in Mexico; and 33,295 elsewhere around the world, according to Chrysler.
Until the cars can be fixed, Chrysler is urging owners to confirm their ignition keys are set in the "on" position when they start their cars.
It's only the latest ignition switch recall for Chrysler in recent months. In July, Chrysler said it would be recalling an unknown number of older SUVs because the switch could be moved to the "off" position if bumped by a knee in some models. They included 2006 and 2007 Jeep Commander and 2005 and 2007 Jeep Grand Cherokee SUVs.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1peUVhl
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1n21BUXAverage U.S. 30-year mortgage rate at 4.2%
After their longest one-week gain last week, average U.S. 30-year mortgage rates slightly declined.
Post to Facebook
Average U.S. 30-year mortgage rate at 4.2% After their longest one-week gain last week, average U.S. 30-year mortgage rates slightly declined. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1peRIyl
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Average U.S. 30-year mortgage rate at 4.2%
The Associated Press 7:55 p.m. EDT September 25, 2014
In this Aug. 14, 2014 photo, realty signs stand outside a gated townhome community in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. Freddie Mac reports on average U.S. mortgage rates for this week on Thursday, Sept. 25, 2014. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
(Photo: Jae C. Hong)
163 CONNECT 105 TWEET 83 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Average long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined slightly this week, after marking their largest one-week gain of the year the previous week.
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday that the nationwide average for a 30-year loan eased to 4.2% from 4.23% last week. The average for a 15-year mortgage, a popular choice for people who are refinancing, slipped to 3.36% from 3.37%.
At 4.2%, the rate on a 30-year mortgage is down from 4.53% at the start of the year. Rates have fallen even though the Federal Reserve has been trimming its monthly bond purchases, which are intended to keep long-term borrowing rates low. The purchases are set to end next month.
Gas prices headed below $3 a gallon (Photo: Grant Hindsley, AP) http://t.co/Ex5HDEDyyZ pic.twitter.com/QJ69e3ZPZ6
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 25, 2014
Last week, the average rate on the 30-year loan jumped to 4.23% from 4.12% a week earlier, amid market speculation that the Fed might abandon its nearly 6-year-old policy of keeping short-term interest rates at record lows. But at their meeting that ended last Wednesday, Fed policymakers decided to keep the low rates, at least for a few more months.
Fewer Americans bought homes in August, as investors retreated from real estate and first-time buyers remained scarce, data released Monday by the National Association of Realtors showed.
By contrast, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday that sales of newly constructed homes surged in August, led by a wave of buying in the West and Northeast.  It was the fastest sales pace since May 2008. It was seen as a clear sign of improvement for a real estate market that has been muddled in recent months, as the rebound in home sales that followed the housing bust began to slow.
To calculate average mortgage rates, Freddie Mac surveys lenders across the country between Monday and Wednesday each week. The average doesn't include extra fees, known as points, which most borrowers must pay to get the lowest rates. One point equals 1% of the loan amount.
The average fee for a 30-year mortgage was unchanged from last week at 0.5 point. The fee for a 15-year mortgage also remained at 0.5 point.
The average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage rose to 3.08% from 3.06%. The fee declined to 0.4 point from 0.5 point.
For a one-year ARM, the average rate was unchanged at 2.43%. The fee held at 0.4 point.
163 CONNECT 105 TWEET 83 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1peRIyl
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1Co723VToss these 10 lagging stocks on your bonfire
By: Matt Krantz September 25, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Backyard bonfires and falling leaves aren’t the only things to watch out for this fall. Investors need to know about stocks that perennially disappoint during autumn.
Specifically, there are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including cosmetics company Avon (AVP) , utility Exelon (EXC) and retailers Kohl’s (KSS) and Target (TGT) that have lagged the market’s gains in each and every of the past five fall seasons.
These stocks stand out like a burning pile of leaves since the fall isn’t otherwise a bad time to be in the market. Stocks have gained roughly 6% on average over the past five fall seasons. And some stocks actually flourish in the fall. But that covers up some stocks that routinely drop from investors’ portfolios along with the leaves from the trees.
The fall is especially harsh for Avon. Shares of the makeup maker have never posted a gain in any of the past five fall seasons. Last fall was especially brutal for the company, with it falling 19.2%, while the S&P 500 rose 6.3%. The stock has lost 11% of its value, on average, in the past five falls.
Chart source: MSN Money
Analysts, though, continue to hold out hope for the turnaround of Avon. It’s one of five stocks among the 10 fall losers that analysts have rated an “outperform.” The 18-month price target on Avon is $15.77, which would be 18% upside from Wednesday’s closing price of $13.35.
The fall isn’t all that kind to several retailers, either, including Kohl’s or Target. Kohl’s has posted an average fall decline the past five years of 0.5%. Seasonal factors definitely play an important factor with retailers. Investors don’t start finding out how the critical holiday season went until late in the year and details aren’t clear until January the following year.
Company

Turbocharged time travelIcons and Innovators | 25 September 2014
Mustang EcoBoost meets its makers
By  Dan Carney
Read more about these links.
Air-cooled
Turbochargers have returned to the Mustang after a nearly three-decade absence. Above, an SVO model from the mid-1980s, the first turbocharged Mustang. (Ford Motor)
1979 Ford Mustang Cobra
Part of the first wave of turbocharged Mustangs. (Ford Motor)
1979 Ford Mustang Indianapolis 500 Pace Car Edition
The carmaker strived to maintain the Mustang's muscle-car mystique, even with just four cylinders to work with. (Ford Motor)
A slow route to speed
This turbocharged four-cylinder engine from the '83 Mustang suffered from turbo lag. (Ford Motor)
1984 Ford Mustang SVO
This turbocharged model is one of the most coveted Mustangs of the last three decades. (Ford Motor)
The 2015 Ford Mustang 2.3-litre EcoBoost engine
(Ford Motor)
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Although the sound of a burbling V8 engine is indelibly associated with the Mustang, Ford is pitching the car’s turbocharged 2.3-litre four-cylinder engine as a power plant for the future, one that rationalises the American pony for global drivers.
Related
Mustang blows out 50 candles
“The new Mustang’s potential for performance is most fully realized through its new 2.3-litre four-cylinder engine,” crows a Ford press release. “Turbocharging permits engineers to extract good power from small, otherwise fuel-efficient engines that must meet ever-more-stringent government fuel economy standards while providing good acceleration.”
It may seem that Ford is merely keeping up with the times – were those times 1978. Indeed, the carmaker issued these optimistic statements ahead of the 1979 Mustang’s release.
Though the 2015 Mustang also features a turbocharged 2.3-litre engine, the family resemblance ends there. Advancements in materials, manufacturing and engine control systems have utterly transformed power delivery, efficiency and driving experience of a Mustang turbo.
Granted, the fundamental elements of turbo tech remain: outrushing exhaust gas spins a turbine like a river over a mill’s waterwheel. That turbine spins a shaft connected to a compressor that packs extra air into the engine’s intake side. But while these broad strokes are unchanged, no detail in between goes untouched.
The new engine adds sophisticated power-management technology, a turbo mounted close to the exhaust manifold for minimised turbo lag, and direct fuel injection that squirts precisely metred shots of petrol directly into the engine’s combustion chambers, producing 310 horsepower, more than double the output of the Mustang’s first turbo of 1979.
The ‘79 Mustang used a carburettor to evaporate gasoline into the airstream entering the engine. Plumbing that fed the exhaust gas to the turbo stretched down the side, under the bottom and back up the other side of the engine – a long, grinding route before the exhaust gas reached the turbine. These factors combined to limit the ‘79’s power to 132hp and beset the car with turbo lag, that sensation of sluggishness owing to the exhaust gas’s circuitous journey.
The engine was available as a standalone option in all models, and shared glory with the V8 as an option in 1979’s Indy 500 Pace Car replica and in Cobra models from ’79 through ’81.
In 1983, Ford replaced the turbo’s carburettor with Bosch fuel injection, bumping output to 145hp for the Mustang Turbo GT. For 1984, Ford applied a now-standard piece of technology to its turbo: an intercooler. As you may recall from physics class and the discussion of Boyle’s Law, compressing the engine’s intake charge heats the air. Engines, like athletes, lose strength breathing hot air, so the intercooler is a heat exchanger that siphons some heat, allowing the engine to generate more power. In the case of the 1984 Mustang SVO – named for the company’s Special Vehicle Operations unit at the time – such technology pumped output to 175hp. The track-ready SVO car of the mid-‘80s was packaged as a nearly unattainable aspirational car, a status set by its combination of exotic technology and rarified price.
But in the power stakes, the company was not finished. A raft of upgrades such as higher-flow fuel injectors and larger intake passages brought the SVO’s engine to 205hp for 1985. But by 1987 the turbo Mustang was gone, a casualty of the US’s cheap gas and the alluring burble emanating from that 5-litre V8.
Ford kept its turbo Mustang out to pasture for over 25 years, until the company’s EcoBoost strategy returned a four-cylinder turbo for2015. Contrasting with the SVO of the mid-‘80s, the EcoBoost engine is intended as a piece of accessible power, one that can stretch buyers’ conception of muscle cars at a price point that doesn’t require a second mortgage. “We want this to be a car anyone can buy, and not just a dream car like the SVO was,” says Jim Farley, Ford’s vice president of marketing.
Barring a few fuel-injection squirts, it’s 1979 all over again.

JSW Energy to Buy 3 Plants From Jaiprakash PowerYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Energy to Buy 3 Plants From Jaiprakash Power
Reuters | Updated On: September 25, 2014 22:16 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: JSW Energy Ltd on Thursday said it had agreed to buy three operating power plants from Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, as it looks to expand its portfolio beyond coal and lignite-based plants.
JSW Energy, controlled by billionaire Sajjan Jindal, will acquire two of Jaiprakash's three hydropower plants in Himachal Pradesh and a thermal power plant in Central India, the company said in a statement.
The three plants together have a combined capacity of 1,891 megawatts, according to the statement.
Speaking to a television channel, Mr Jindal said that the financial terms of the deal were still being worked out, but the deal was "probably the largest in India's power sector to date".
In July, a consortium led by Abu Dabhi National Energy Co pulled out of a $1.6 billion deal for the two hydropower plants, citing a change in business strategy.
Like many power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
The JSW announcement comes a day after Jaiprakash said its deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd had collapsed due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
The news of the Reliance deal falling through sent Jaiprakash Power's shares down 14 per cent, while parent Jaiprakash Associates shares plunged 19 per cent on Thursday.
Television channels had earlier reported that JSW was buying all three of Jaiprakash's hydropower plants.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Indian Equity Markets Have  Material Upside  in 3 Years: BlackRockThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Mumbai: With earnings momentum set to take off and domestic investors buying, equity markets have "material upside" in the next three years, US brokerage BlackRock said in its outlook for Indian markets.
"Equity valuations are reasonable, earnings momentum looks set to take off and domestic investors are buying. We therefore think the 30-stock BSE Sensex index has material upside in the next three years."
"Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummeled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
BlackRock favours financials, consumer discretionary and small caps, but is lukewarm about staples, the report said.
"India has gone from a castaway market to investor darling - in the space of a year. The election of Prime Minster Narendra Modi and the appointment of economist Raghuram Rajan as head of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have much to do with it," it said.
"Modi and Rajan have set in motion an apparent virtuous cycle: increasing business confidence, accelerating economic growth, deficit reduction, receding inflation, a stable currency and inbound investment. Modi is acting as a hands-on CEO. He has revived stalled investment projects, further curbed government spending and initiated many small changes that make it easier to do business."
"Under Rajan's watch, inflation is coming down, real interest rates have turned positive and the currency has stabilised. We expect India's GDP growth to accelerate to 7 per cent annually in 2015, 2016 and beyond - when many other EM economies are expected to slow. The growth is driven by implementing half-finished projects," the report said.
According to BlackRock, a drive to provide the poor with bank accounts will enable direct transfers of subsidies to the needy, leading to less wastage.
"Combine this with India's long-term advantages such as an expanding working age population, low debt-to-GDP levels, an edge in key industries such as IT and potential for financial sector growth, and the investment case starts to look pretty compelling," the brokerage said in its report.
"We have yet to see progress on structural reforms and resolving policy ambiguities in the power sector. The next six months are crucial for investor confidence: Markets are anticipating a clear policy road map in the November-February parliamentary session and budget presentation, as well as rate cuts in 2015. Bottom line is markets need performance above promise," it added.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 22:47 (IST)

Exposure of Rs 4 130 Crore in Firms Impacted by Coal Order: SBISebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: State Bank of India said on Thursday that it has exposure of over Rs 4,100 crore to companies that will be impacted by the recent Supreme Court order quashing 214 coal blocks.
SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya, however, added that loans extended to the power plants would not become NPAs (non-performing assets) as the government had indicated that it would make some arrangement to provide coal linkage despite cancellation of mines.
"These are units where power units are getting set up. They were supposed to mine the coal thereafter use it for generation of power instead of that they will have to get coal from somewhere else," she said.
"These companies have exposure around Rs 4,130 crore. There is nothing to be unduly worried about it. The (Coal) Ministry has indicated that they will make some arrangement for giving linkages from elsewhere and also thereafter they will go for rebidding or re-auction for mines," she said.
The SBI chief, however, said that it would impact the margin of power plants. So, to that extent whatever is the margin that will determine what will be the status of that account, she said.
Emphasising that cancellation of 122 telecom licences in 2012 did not lead to a huge amount of NPA, she said that in this case also, there will be takers and chances of assets turning bad is minimal.
Talking about stock spilt, she said that it is to ensure that volume goes up and retail investors are able to buy stocks.
"We were seeing falling of retail investors," she added.
On Wednesday, India's largest lender approved sub-division of one equity share into ten.
Asked about expectation from the forthcoming monetary policy review, Ms Bhattacharya said the RBI is likely keep interest rate unchanged.
The RBI is scheduled to announce bi-monthly monetary policy on September 30.
SBI said in a statement later in the day that exposure of the bank to the affected companies by cancellation of 214 coal blocks by the Supreme Court was substantially lower. It does not apprehend any major problem or difficulty in recovery of the dues.
This statement came in the light a senior advocate appearing on behalf of Coal producers' Association submitting to the Supreme Court that the SBI may suffer a loss of up to Rs 78,263 crore which is almost 7.9 per cent of its net worth for financial year 2013. Refuting this, SBI said that the above figures have not been furnished by the bank.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 22:58 (IST)

Minimum Pension Under EPS to be Made Permanent: MinisterKisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
New Delhi: In order to remove uncertainty over the payment of minimum Rs 1,000 monthly pension under the Employees' Pension Scheme 1995 (EPS-95) beyond March 31, the government has said it will amend the scheme to make it a permanent feature.
"When we have planned that (Rs 1,000 minimum monthly) pension will be given, then it would not be for one year. That would be done," Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said when asked whether there was a move to amend the scheme to make the entitlement perpetual.
The government order currently provides that the pension under the EPS-95 scheme, run by the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), will be implemented from September 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015.
In the current scenario, for paying minimum pension of Rs 1,000 under EPS-95, either the government would re-notify the decision again and again for a specified period or bring an order to make it a permanent feature of the EPS-95.
"We still have time to do that. The minimum pension will be an entitlement for a time-frame. You can ask about it if we don't do it within the set time-frame (till March 31)," Mr Tomar said.
The minister also said that around 32 lakh pensioner under the scheme who get less than Rs 1000 every month as pension would be immediately benefited. There are 49 lakh pensioners under the scheme, at present.
According to him, there are about 13 lakh pensioners under the scheme who get even less than Rs 500 every month as pension.
Marking the launch of a guaranteed minimum pension of Rs 1,000 per month, the central government has decided to organise functions in every office of the EPFO across the country in September.
EPFO has over 120 offices in India.
"It has also been decided that in 37 locations, the Union Ministers will preside over the functions and felicitate the pensioners whose pension is getting increased," the minister added.
Among the union ministers who would be present at 37 different locations are Home Minister Rajnath Singh (Lucknow), Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad (Kolkata), Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda (Manglore) and Water Resource Minister Uma Bharti (Allahabad).
The Labour Minister will attend the similar function at Gwalior. The list provides names of two Union Ministers, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Health Minister Harsh Vardhan to preside over the function at Delhi in view of medical treatment of the former.
During this simultaneous launch of the entitlement, EPFO's field offices would have a separate time slot for redressing grievances of pensioners and pension claim applicants during the event.
Story first published on: September 25, 2014 22:55 (IST)

80% of Wipro s Raw Materials Sourced From India: PremjiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
80% of Wipro's Raw Materials Sourced from India: Premji at 'Make in India' Launch
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 1 min, 37 sec
Tweet
Wipro chairman Azim Premji speaking at Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign launch, said 80 per cent of the company's raw materials and components are sourced from India. PM Modi's vision of making India a manufacturing hub calls for a preparation of educated workforce of thinkers and problem solvers, he said.

Tata Remains Fully Committed to Invest in India: MistryYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Comments
Tata Group Remains Fully Committed to Invest in India: Cyrus Mistry at 'Make in India' Launch
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 1 min, 30 sec
Tweet
Cyrus Mistry, chairman of Tata Group speaking at 'Make in India' campaign launch, said this is an opportunity to catapult the country to a new orbit. Tata Group remains fully committed to invest in the country and in the people of India, he added.

Make In India  has to be made successful  says Anand MahindraSep 25, 2014 at 09:17pm IST
'Make In India' has to be made successful, says Anand Mahindra
13
0
Mumbai: Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra on Thursday said that every citizen would have to play a part in making Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make In India' project successful.
"We have to make this (project) work. We all have to do our bit," Mahindra told reporters, responding to a question on the ambitious 'Make in India' project during the launch of the new generation Scorpio vehicle.
"It is not about whether it is possible. It has to be made possible," he said, adding that, "We are not going to get any more chances. I think India has been given one more chance after disappointing the world".
"I am very delighted to say that we are first of the block. This vehicle will make us proud not only in India, but also validate Make in India, around the world," Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra said.
#india #narendra modi #make in india #tracking the modi government
"I am very delighted to say that we are first of the block. This vehicle will make us proud not only in India, but also validate Make in India, around the world," he said.
On support that the auto industry is looking at from the government, Mahindra said that the government needs to simplify regulations, among other things. "There are a plethora of regulations. What is happening is that, when you want to make a new investment in India, it is not just about the land or power, it is also about regulations which may impede manufacturing," he said.
"What really needs to be done which I hope India will do, is help join the dots. We need to see how the single window and the deadline for providing answers to queries work," Mahindra said.
2

India may see 7% GDP growth in FY16-17: DSP BlackrockLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India may see 7% GDP growth in FY16-17: DSP Blackrock
India may see 7% GDP growth in FY16-17: DSP Blackrock
Post your opinion here
Market Report
The mutual fund industry is also gung-ho about Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the US and the investment opportunities in India. On the sidelines of the IIFL India Investment Forum in New York, Shereen Bhan caught up with Sunil Singhania of Reliance Capital Asset Management, and Naganath Sundaresan of Blackrock Investment Managers to ask them whether the India re-shining story was losing momentum.
Q

Neutral on EMs; pace of reform key for India: George Hoguet09:00 pm
George Hoguet, MD, Senior Portfolio Manager, State Street Global Advisors is neutral on emerging markets (EMs) in the wake on geopolitical risks. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Hoguet says though he is constructive on India, but adds that pace of structural reforms remains the key.
Also Read: FIIs upbeat on India; bet on cyclicals, banks, says FT's Bindal
Below is the transcript of George Hoguet's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan. For the complete interview watch the accompanying video
Q: What is your stance on India, do you continue to be neutral on emerging markets and specifically on India?
A: We are entering a more difficult period in the global capital markets. As you know volatility has been quite low and we are neutral emerging markets primarily because of the terrific geopolitical risks in the world and the prospect of a oil shock or expanding conflict in Ukraine. So, within emerging markets we are constructive on India, but the devil is in the details in terms of the pace of structural reforms.
Q: What would get you to change that position leave aside the external factors like geopolitical risks etc but have you seen enough in terms of at least the intent as far as addressing the structural reforms are concerned that may change your position on India?
A: The Modi administration is in its very first months and it will take time for these reforms to unfold. One thing that is important is a reduction in inflation and dealing significantly with the twin deficits. So, the IMF outlines in article 4 a number of measures that could be under taken, deal with fuel subsidies and promotion of foreign investment. In that sense the visit of Modi to the United States is very constructive because we may consider this like the changes that were undertaken in the Reagan-Thatcher years in terms of a fundamental restructuring of the economy.
Q: Speaking of the twin deficits we have actually seen the government meet its fiscal deficit target and it looks like it will meet the fiscal deficit target for the next year as well. The current account deficit has come down quite significantly, we have actually seen global crude prices come off sharply which has given the government a fiscal cushion. In India the diesel under recoveries or diesel losses have been wiped out, would that make you a little more confident about investing in India?
A: It would, but we have to recognise that capital market movements can be very violent and we saw that last May with the so called taper tantrum. So, if there is a change in expectations with regards to the pace of Fed normalisation, India could be affected. As you know governor Rajan in his remarks earlier in the year talked about the importance of coordination of monetary policies or at least the Federal Reserve taking into account the impact on emerging markets.
Q: If the Fed were to start hiking rates and the anticipation is that it will perhaps be in Q3 of 2015, do you believe that that is going to have a significant impact on fund flows into emerging markets or do you believe that this is factored in just like the asset purchase winding down because this is a move now that’s being expected?
A: Investors are bringing it forward given the strength of the US economy the date of the first tightening. We think it is actually going to be in Q2, that is the first point. The second point is that the prospect of a policy mistake clearly exists in global capital markets given the massive intervention that we have seen by central banks.
Nobody expects a 94-95 type sell-off, but if you look at emerging markets as a whole they sell at about 10 times 12 months forward earnings versus about 14.5-15 times for global markets. People are concerned that prospectively there could be a spike in volatility which would negatively impact emerging markets including India.
RELATED NEWS

Sad to part ways with Sena but no hard feelings: Rajiv Rudy7
0
New Delhi: After parting ways with its 25-year-old alliance partner Shiv Sena, BJP on Thursday said that it will go alone to oust the "corrupt" NCP-Congress in Maharashtra but will not hold any bitterness with its old ally during the campaign for the October 15 state assembly polls.
Terming as "unfortunate" the break-up of its alliance, BJP said that time constraints and "inflexibility" of Shiv Sena compelled it to contest the coming polls without its old ally. "It is very unfortunate that we have to part ways after 25 years of journey. We have seen lots of ups and downs with Shiv Sena and we have braved them boldly for the last 25 years," BJP general secretary and incharge of party affairs in Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
He said that if there was more time left for nominations, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution but time constraints and an "inflexible" Shiv Sena forced the split.
"It is very unfortunate that we have to part ways after 25 years of journey. We have seen lots of ups and downs with Shiv Sena and we have braved them boldly for the last 25 years," Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp
"Reluctantly, we have to part ways as there is a severe constraint of time as all nominations for 288 seats which will include our smaller alliance partners has to be accomplished by September 27, the deadline for nominations fixed by the Election Commission," said the BJP leader who spearheaded the talks with Shiv Sena along with party's election incharge of the state Om Mathur.
"We are committed that even if we are parting ways there will be no bitterness whatsoever between our old partners and the sole consideration of these elections is to get rid of NCP-Congress regime which has unleashed years of misgovernance and corruption," he said.
2

No HC relief for disqualified BJP MLA in power theft caseSep 25, 2014 at 10:40pm IST
No HC relief for disqualified BJP MLA in power theft case
32
0
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court has refused to grant any interim relief to BJP's Ichalkaranji MLA Suresh Halvankar against Maharashtra Governor's order disqualifying him from holding his position following his conviction in a case of electricity theft.
Hearing Halvankar's plea on Wednesday, Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Girish Kulkarni refused to grant interim relief and asked him to submit his nomination form to the Returning Officer for the forthcoming Assembly elections.
The High Court left it to the discretion of Returning Officer whether to accept Halvankar's nomination form or reject it. Halvankar has been accused of stealing electricity and causing losses to the State Electricity Board to the tune of Rs 21 lakh. He owns a powerloom factory in Ichalkaranji, the state's powerloom hub.
The High Court left it to the discretion of Returning Officer whether to accept Halvankar's nomination form or reject it.
#bombay high court #bjp #bjp #power theft case
The MLA and his brother were charged under sections 135 and 138 of the Electricity Act, after a flying squad raid revealed that the meter of the factory was running 45 per cent slow, causing Rs 20,97,000 lakh loss to the Electricity Board.
In May, a local court convicted Halvankar and sentenced him to three years' rigorous imprisonment. The court had also imposed fine of Rs 10,000 on him. Halvankar filed an appeal against his conviction in the High Court stating that he had given the factory to his brother for operating it and that he was not involved in its day-to-day functioning.
The HC had admitted his appeal and stayed his conviction in July. However, before the HC stayed his conviction, the Governor had passed an order disqualifying him. Halvankar moved another petition seeking that the Returning Officer be directed to accept his nomination form.
The judges admitted the petition but refused to grant any relief. The petition will come up for hearing in due course. Halvankar's lawyer, Ganesh Sovani, however, said that they would approach the Supreme Court on Friday to get relief.
4

Maharashtra polls: Congress will ally with SP  says Prithviraj Chavan39
0
Mumbai: After the Nationalist Congress Party on Thursday announced to call off its ties with the Congress, the Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan informed that the Congress will go into assembly polls along with Mulayam Singh's Samajwadi Party.
The ruling party in the state said that although they offered ten more seats to the NCP, the latter was adamant to fight on 144 seats and were also demanding an equal share in tenure of CM post.
Congress leader Manikrao Thakre said that the NCP had told them that they had become powerful and hence wanted more seats now.
#congress #ncp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #mulayam singh
Expressing sadness over the end of alliance, Congress leader in Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge on Thursday evening said his party will go alone in the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections.
Earlier on Thursday evening, in a major shake-up in Maharashtra politics, the NCP had announced the end of its ties with the Congress ahead of the Assembly elections due in the state on October 15.
Ajit Pawar said that he will meet the Governor and submit his resignation as the Deputy CM of Maharashtra and withdraw NCP's support from state government.
In its press conference, the NCP claimed that the Congress had ignored them in the alliance. They asserted that the CM's position has always been held by the Congress in the 15-year-old alliance and they had demanded a change.
The decision came soon after the Bharatiya Janata Party announced the end of the 25-year-old alliance with Shiv Shiv Sena on Thursday evening.
3

Pro-industry policies helped Gujarat became leading manufacturing hub: CM Patel7
0
Gandhinagar: On the day Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched ambitious 'Make in India' campaign, Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on Thursday said that the state has emerged as the country's leading manufacturing hub and growth engine because of its "industry-friendly" policies.
"Gujarat has emerged as the leading manufacturing hub and growth engine thanks to its industry-friendly policies and modern infrastructure," a release quoted Patel as saying. Patel on Thursday kicked off a symbolic state-level version of the 'Make in India' drive from Gandhinagar.
"Gujarat is already a home to several manufacturing facilities set up by prominent industrial houses of Japan, China, Singapore and other nations, which have established Gujarat's identity as an auto hub in the automobile sector," the official release said.
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel on Thursday kicked off a symbolic state-level version of the 'Make in India' drive from Gandhinagar.
#gujarat #gujarat government #anandi patel #make in india
Addressing a conference at Mahatma Mandir, the state chief minister said Gujarat has an "inherent strength to rise to the occasion" (of 'Make in India'). "Gujarat has begun its contribution to the nationwide campaign to set up industries which will not only produce zero-defect products but also provide jobs to locals," the release quoted her as saying.
Patel said that success of 'Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit' has attracted investors from all over India and abroad to Gujarat. On this occasion, the Chief Minister also listed details of the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Dholera Special Investment Region, Chemicals & Petrochemicals Industrial Region in this context.
She also expressed confidence that Gujarat would become front-runner in attracting investment for 'Make in India', the release said. Patel was accompanied by Finance Minister Saurabh Patel, Chief Secretary Varesh Sinha, and CII's Kunjan Patel besides others.
1

Minimum pension under EPS to be made permanent: Narendra Singh Tomar7
0
New Delhi: In order to remove uncertainty over the payment of minimum Rs 1,000 monthly pension under the Employees' Pension Scheme 1995 (EPS-95) beyond March 31, the government will amend the scheme to make it a permanent feature.
"When we have planned that (Rs 1,000 minimum monthly) pension will be given, then it would not be for one year. That would be done," Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said when asked if there is a move to amend EPS-95 to make the entitlement perpetual.
The government order currently provides that the pension under the EPS-95 scheme, run by the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), will be implemented from September 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015.
"When we have planned that (Rs 1,000 minimum monthly) pension will be given, then it would not be for one year. That would be done," Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said.
#narendra singh tomar #tracking the modi government #eps #pension
In the present scenario, for paying minimum pension of Rs 1,000 under EPS-95, either the government would re-notify the decision again and again for a specified period or bring an order to make it a permanent feature of the EPS-95.
Tomar said: "We still have time to do that. The minimum pension will be an entitlement for a time-frame. You can ask about it if we don't do it within the set time-frame (till March 31)."
The minister said that under the scheme around 32 lakh pensioner under the scheme who get less than Rs 1000 every month as pension would be immediately benefited. There are 49 lakh pensioners under the scheme at present.
According to him there are about 13 lakh pensioners under the scheme who get even less than Rs 500 every month as pension. Marking the launch of a guaranteed minimum pension of Rs 1,000 per month, the central government has decided to organise functions in every office of the EPFO across the country on September. EPFO has over 120 offices in India.
The minister said: "It has also been decided that in 37 locations, the Union Ministers will preside over the functions and felicitate the pensioners whose pension is getting increased."
Among the union ministers who would be present at 37 different locations include Home Minister Rajnath Singh (Lucknow), Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad (Kolkata), Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda (Manglore), Water Resource Minister Uma Bharti (Allahabad).
Labour Minister will attend the similar function at Gwalior.The list provides names of two union ministers, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Health Minister Harsh Vardhan to preside over the function at Delhi in view of medical treatment of the former.
During this simultaneous launch of the entitlement, the EPFO's field offices would have a separate time slot for redressing grievances of pensioners and pension claim applicants during the event.
3

US Bank Refunding $48M to Credit Card CustomersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Chrysler Recalls Vehicles to Fix Ignition SwitchesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Riding Lawn Mowers Recalled Due to a Fire RiskAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

How You Nomophobes Can Survive iOS 8 Bugs in iPhoneAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Twitter CEO Burns President of Iran in 140 CharactersTwitter CEO Burns President of Iran in 140 Characters
 
Follow on Twitter
Sep 25, 2014 2:27pm
Twitter CEO Dick Costolo took on Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani the way he knows how to best:
In 140 characters or less.
. @HassanRouhani Mr. President, enjoying your Tweets from the UN. We would love the Iranian people to enjoy them as well. When will that be?
— dick costolo (@dickc) September 25, 2014
Rouhani has been a prolific tweeter since he arrived in New York for an annual United Nations General Assembly. However, the website remains banned in his home country.
As of this afternoon, Rouhani had yet to respond to Costolo’s tweet.
 

India-China pacts likely to bring in $100 billioninvestments
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who both arrived in New Delhi late on Wednesday, must ensure that the bonhomie between the two leaders can be translated to the bilateral ties.
The reasons for Mr. Modi going the extra mile would seem obvious. China and Japan were two countries that received him when other countries wouldn’t, and gave the then Gujarat Chief Minister a welcome reserved for a head of state, especially in China in 2011, where his car drove right off the Beijing airport tarmac and he was received at the Great Hall of People in Beijing.
Officials confirm that many agreements will be signed in the presence of the two leaders on Thursday dealing with tourism and student exchanges, cultural MoUs between several institutions, including the National Museum, railway infrastructure, banks, and technology assistance on irrigation.
The reported standoff between the armed forces at Demchok and Chumar sectors will however, cast a shadow on their talks over border resolution along with the unconcluded agreement on visas. The governments haven’t yet appointed Special Representatives (SRs) to take forward the border resolution talks that have already seen 17 rounds. The bulk of the expectations from Mr. Xi’s visit, however, will come from business transacted and investments announced for projects that are still being pegged at a total of $100 billion, although officials say the investment will be staggered over several years and will be considerably lower than the target.
China’s decision to build industrial cities in Gujarat and Maharashtra at an initial investment of $10 billion is a step towards addressing the ballooning trade deficit India has of about $35 billion, so that Chinese manufacturers can come “make in India,” as Mr. Modi has termed it.
In an article for The Hindu, Mr. Xi also expressed the hope that “the world’s factory” [China] and the “world’s back office” [India], will drive the Asian economy together.
Mr. Xi will also look for Indian support for his vision of a Maritime Silk Road as well as the BCIM corridor in the region, and his gesture to connect Indians more easily to one of the country’s most revered destinations of Kailash-Mansarovar may bear some results when he engages Mr. Modi.
(With additional reporting by Anita Joshua)

Make in India pitch from Sept. 25New Delhi, September 21, 2014
Updated: September 21, 2014 12:53 IST
‘Make in India’ pitch from Sept. 25
Puja Mehra
Tweet
AP In his maiden Independence Day address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India.
PTI In his maiden Independence Day address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India. File photo
INFOGRAPHIC
economy (general)
The objective is to take manufacturing growth to 10% on a sustainable basis.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the “Make In India” campaign on September 25, aimed at reviving the job-creating manufacturing sector — key to taking the economy on a sustainable high growth path.
The drive, the Modi government hopes, will do for investment sentiment what the “Incredible India” campaign has accomplished for tourism. With his “Come, make in India” slogan in his Independence Day speech, Mr. Modi had invited global companies to set up manufacturing units in India to supply to the rest of the world.
For the launch, the government is likely to invite the who’s who of the global corporate sector from the U.S., Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France.
The campaign includes invitations to the world’s top 3,000 companies to explore investment possibilities in India. Indian Embassies around the world are expected to join the campaign. “The objective is to take manufacturing growth on a sustainable basis to 10 per cent over the long term,” a senior Industry Ministry official told presspersons on Saturday. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion has set up an eight-member expert panel to redress grievances and handle queries of global and domestic investors within 24 hours.
Its role will be to provide information and solve investors problems.
Panel to work with States to ease investment process
The ‘Make in India’ campaign to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25 will eventually take up policy reforms involving changes in laws to ensure ease of doing business in the country. An infrastructure push and tax issues are also on the cards, with the setting up of an eight-member expert panel by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion. Besides interfacing with investors, team Invest India will also work with Central and States departments to resolve policy and other issues.
“We will work with the States to accomplish de-bureaucratisation and deregulation and to ensure officials mindsets change from being permits issuers to partners in investment processes,” an official said.
Starting a business in India at present needs an entrepreneur to follow 12 procedures, which on an average takes 27 days. Similarly, enforcing contracts takes years, the official said adding that these need to be streamlined. The latest World Bank report on the ‘ease of doing business’ placed India at the 134th rank out of 189 economies on various parameters relating to business and regulatory environment.

Khoobsurat: A bumbling beautySpecial arrangement A poster of Khoobsurat
Special arrangement Sonam Kapoor in Khoobsurat
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
In a scene in this ambitious reworking of Hrishikesh Mukherjee’s Khubsoorat, a snooty matriarch of a royal family tells a middle class couple to hold a showpiece properly as it is an antique piece. Perhaps nobody gave this piece of advice to director Shashanka Ghosh before fiddling with Mukherjee’s vintage piece. It is admirable that Ghosh doesn’t become a prisoner of the past but it leaves you with a feeling that as we are progressing our façade is becoming more beautiful at the expense of our core.
If Mukherjee’s film despite being firmly rooted in Indian middle class milieu was ahead of its time in giving voice to female characters and tackled complex issues like the value of freedom in a conservative space without making a spectacle of it, this one works well within the confines of the Disney template of romantic comedy. It highlights universal themes like the ability to be yourself and the timeless battle between restraint and spontaneity comes through good looking people in glossy settings providing an interplay of generic emotional upheavals and goofy moments.
Mukherjee’s vivacious Manju gives way to a chirpy physiotherapist Milli (Sonam Kapoor) who is roped in to cure a wheel-chair bound patriarch (Aamir Raza Hussain as the new age Ashok Kumar) of a royal family but ends up treating his rigid funny bone and along the way finds Vikram, her prince charming (Fawad Khan). Dripping with extravagance, it lacks the warmth of the improvised dinner table poetry of the original where Rekha with her braids was far more effective than Sonam, whose nail paint changes within a scene but her voice doesn’t modulate accordingly. Like its central character, the film remains a bumbling beauty that appeals only in parts.
To make it cool and contemporary the producers have shown the earnestness by putting Ghosh and Sneha Khanwalkar in charge of direction and music respectively. While Sneha (of Gangs of Wasseypur fame) manages to maintain her reputation by composing quirky tunes, Ghosh, who has Waisa Bhi Hota Hai and Quickgun Murugun to his credit doesn’t opt for a detour, plays with the age old tropes of class and regional stereotypes and comes up with his whacky flourishes only in the second half when he tackles the scenes of introspection between two people falling in love despite obvious differences. When Milli and Vikram begin to laugh at themselves and Ghosh scratches beneath the fluffy exterior, the film finds its voice. They say acting is about give and take. Sonam’s performance improves the moment Fawad comes into the frame. Till then she is annoyingly screechy as she overdoes the free spirited part.
As the brooding prince who has no time for love, Fawad is a picture of grace and as the narrative unravels he shows his range. That there is more to him than just an irresistible jaw line. In fact at one point Sonam is in danger of losing the title to the new Khan!
In a tribute to Mukherjee’s film, Ghosh has named Milli’s mother as Manju, the central character of Mukherjee’s film and ensures that people get to know this link by making Milli address her mother by her first name. It sounds more forced than funny. And the rigid Nirmala played by Dina Pathak in the original is replaced by Ratna Pathak Shah. As the snobbish matriarch of the palace, who doesn’t approve of the loud gestures of Milli, Shah just has to repeat her Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai act and she does it with unmistakable flair. But it is Kiron Kher, repeating herself as the stereotypical Punjabi mother, who salvages the sagging screenplay by injecting freshness to the proceedings with her effortless delivery of Juhi Chaturvedi’s punchlines. She brings the house down when she questions the royalty’s fondness to address itself as ‘we’. Once again it is Manju who saves the day!
KHOOBSURAT

After Ajith  will it be VijayUpdated: September 23, 2014 13:14 IST
After Ajith, will it be Vijay?
cinema
A lot of younger stars were present at the audio launch of Kaththi and one of them was Arya. The young actor, who is busy with several projects, said, “Thuppakki was a super film from the combination of Vijay and Murugadoss. And now, they’re coming together again with Kaththi and I’m sure that it’ll be better than their previous outing.”
Kollywood fans will remember how Arya has already acted with Thala Ajith in Aarambam. When the emcee asked the actor when he’ll act with Ilayathalapathy, he said, “He has to tell when.”
Kaththi, which has music by Anirudh, is slated for release this Deepavali.

Be ready for a regional war  Xi tells Chinese troopsprint
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) should be combat ready for a regional war, President Xi Jinping has said, adding that the armed forces’ chain of command should strictly follow the central leadership’s instructions.
Addressing a closed door meeting with top PLA officers on Sunday, Xi said the armed forces should have complete faith and loyalty to the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) leadership.
Following the meeting, the Chinese defence ministry issued a statement on Monday, stating that the PLA must follow orders issued by President Xi.
Besides being the President and the head of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Xi also heads the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), which oversees China’s vast armed forces, the largest in the world.
“All PLA forces should follow the instructions of President Xi and update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC,” the defence ministry statement said.
It was not the first time that Xi has urged the PLA to be ready for a “regional war”, but the statement assumes significance as he said it again days after incursions by the Chinese army cast a long shadow over his three-day India visit.
In the order of things, the PLA is expected to always follow the lead from the civilian government. But Monday’s statement reiterating that fact could trigger speculation among strategists whether the chain of command leading up to Xi was, in fact, working smoothly or not.
 “Headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the CPC, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented,” Xi was quoted as telling the officers in the meeting.
Xi then urged them to be combat ready for a “regional war”.
“Headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology,” he said.
Official news agency, Xinhua, quoted him as saying that the PLA should “strictly discipline themselves and the armies as well as contribute to the reform of national defence”.
The PLA chiefs of staff met in Beijing on Sunday to discuss how to improve “the efficiency of military command under new circumstances”.
Military commanders should have a better understanding of international and domestic security situations as well as the latest military development, Xi said. Meanwhile, the foreign ministry on Monday continued to play down the PLA incursion into Ladakh.
“We can say that President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of the two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” spokesperson, Hua Chunying said.
 “As for border issue, and whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through a friendly mechanism. We have an effective mechanism for the border issue…and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
She declined to comment on the decision by the Indian government to withdraw clearances for senior Chinese journalists who were heading to New Delhi to attend a media exchange programme.

India Cements to demerge Chennai Super Kings into a separate companyUpdated: September 24, 2014 06:24 IST
India Cements to demerge Chennai Super Kings into a separate company
K. T. Jagannathan
Tweet
The Hindu The iconic stature of M.S. Dhoni (seen with coach Stephen Fleming), the skipper of Chennai Super Kings, has helped the company in a major way in its forays into news markets such as Rajasthan and Gujarat. File Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
company information
India Cements had successfully bid for the Chennai franchise of the IPL team in 2008 and has to pay the BCCI a total consideration of $ 91 million over a period of 10 years in equal instalments.
The India Cements Ltd. (ICL) has decided to hive off Chennai Super Kings (CSK), a cricket team owned by it and run as a division of the company, into a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Chennai Super Kings is a BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) and IPL (Indian Premier League) Franchise Twenty20 Cricket Tournament Team.
``We propose to de-merge CSK division into a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company,’’ the cement major said in a filing to the BSE on Tuesday.
The de-merger proposal will be taken up for the consideration of the board at its ensuing meeting on September 26.
Chennai Super Kings has given The India Cements a new brand image, and a pan-India corporate identity.
The iconic stature of M.S. Dhoni, the skipper of Chennai Super Kings, has helped the company in a major way in its forays into news markets such as Rajasthan and Gujarat. Thanks to Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings, The India Cements has become some sort of a household name across the country.
The India Cements, it may be recalled, had successfully bid for the Chennai franchise of the IPL team in 2008. The company has to pay the BCCI a total consideration of $ 91 million to operate the franchise. This money is payable over a period of 10 years to BCCI in equal instalments, commencing 2008.
Chennai Super Kings fetched The India Cements revenue of Rs.166 crore in 2013-14. The franchise gets revenue shared by BCCI-IPL from the sale of media rights and sponsorship income. Besides, local revenue like gate collections, team sponsors, uniform sponsors etc. also accrue to the company.
CSK has sponsors such Aircel, Gulf Oil, GST global et al. In Chennai, Hotel Park Sheraton and Towers is the hospitality partner.
Chennai Super Kings won IPL trophies in 2010 and 2011. It also won the IPL Champion League in 2010.
Since 2013, Chennai Super Kings is also organising CSK Super Cup, a multi-sport inter-corporate tournament. It covers chess, cricket, table tennis, badminton, snooker etc. India Cements is also organising a cricket tournament — Junior Super Kings Inter-School T-20 Championship Trophy — every year.

Tiger terror at Delhi zooTweet
A zoo worker closes the gates to the main entrance of the Delhi Zoo after a white tiger killed a school boy inside its enclosure in New Delhi on Tuesday. (AFP Photo)
A white tiger on Tuesday attacked and killed a schoolboy who appeared to have jumped or fallen into its enclosure at the zoo in New Delhi, witnesses said. (PTI Photo)
A television frame grab from Headlines Today, where a white tiger mauled a schoolboy at Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (AFP Photo)
Police officials investigate the spot where the tiger attacked the after falling in the enclosure at Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (PTI Photo)
Zoo workers carry the student's dead body at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (PTI Photo)
The body of the 20-year-old student at Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
The police and zoo personnel retrieve the shoes of the schoolboy who was attacked by the white tiger at the Delhi Zoo on Tuesday. (AFP Photo)
Advertisement

CBDT urged to extend I-T returns filing date to Nov 30CBDT urged to extend I-T returns filing date to Nov 30
Jayanta Mallick
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 23:  
The Gujarat High Court has directed the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) to extend the due date for filing of income-tax returns to November 30, the All India Federation of Tax Practitioners has said.
CBDT earlier had extended the due date for filing of tax audit report for corporate tax payers to November 30. However, it had not extended the due date for filing of the income-tax returns. “Many taxpayers were facing difficulty in filing of I-T returns without filing the tax audit reports” thefFederation said in a statement.
In view of this, the All Gujarat Federation of Tax Consultant had filed a writ petition in the Gujarat High Court contending for extension of the due date for filing of I-T returns to November 30.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

BJP  Sena near truce; may fight polls togetherBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

PM watches as ISRO scientists do India proud with Mangalyaan on Marspicture  others
First pictures of Mars taken by Mars Orbiter
A team of ISRO scientists presented the first pictures from Mangalyaan on Thursday morning to PM Narendra Modi. (Source: Twitter)
One of the first set of pictures of Mars taken by India's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) that was released by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) in a social networking site on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Screens show Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeting Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and other officials after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on September 24, 2014.
India triumphed in its first interplanetary mission, placing a satellite into orbit around Mars on Wednesday morning and catapulting the country into an elite club of deep-space explorers. (AP)
ISRO scientists and officials pose for photos as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore. (AP)
ISRO Scientists and officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore. (Source: AP)
Narendra Modi congratulates ISRO Chairman, Dr. K Radhakrishnan after successful Insertion of Mangalyan. (Source: Twitter by PIB India)
This image was posted on Facebook by Prime MinisteR Narendra Modi and he wrote: "History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists." (Source: Facebook)
Indian Space Research Organization scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore. (Source: AP)
Indian Space Research Organization scientists and other officials listens to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission in Bengaluru on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets scientists after the successful insertion of Mars Orbiter (Mangalyan) into the Mars orbit at ISRO Headquarters in Bengaluru on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being received by the ISRO Chairman, K Radhakrishnan as he arrives to witness the successful insertion of Mars Orbiter (Mangalyan) into the Mars orbit at ISRO Headquarters in Bengaluru on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi meets ISRO scientists before Insertion of Mars Orbiter (Mangalyan) into the Mars, at ISRO Headquarters, in Bengaluru on Wednesday. ISRO Chairman,  K Radhakrishnan is also seen. (Source: PTI)
ISRO scientists and other officials watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission in Bengaluru on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

A timeline of Indias troubled coal sectorA timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 12:05 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:18 IST(24/9/2014)
The Supreme Court ruled on August 25 that all coal block allocations made by the government between 1993 and 2009 were illegal. Here is a look at the key events in the sector ahead of the SC ruling on Wednesday.
 
Coal India Limited (CIL) set up as a state-owned company
Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Amendment Act, 1976 enacted
Mining leases to all private firms, except iron steel producers, terminated
Iron and steel producers allowed to carry on coal mining for captive use
Coal ministry sets up Screening Committee to consider coal mining applications from private companies
1993
Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1976 amended to allow power, in addition to iron and steel, companies to carry out captive coal mining
Screening committee guidelines give preference to large projects of power and steel companies
Blocks allocated on a first-come-first-served basis
1996
Cement sector allowed carry out captive coal mining
2005
Expert committee under TL Sankar, chairman, Energy Group Administrative Staff College, submits coal sector reform roadmap to Prime Minister
2006
Government allows 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) in captive coal mining in power, iron and steel, and cement sectors
August 2012
Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report tabled in Parliament estimating that by not auctioning coal blocks, the government may have handed out a windfall of about Rs. 1.86 lakh crore to private power companies
BJP steps up pressure on the government demanding the PM’s resignation
PM Manmohan Singh states CAG’s observations are clearly disputable.
September 2012
As an inter-ministerial group (IMG) begins review of coal blocks hit by delays
CBI carries out raids across 10 cities and books five firms
SC begins monitoring the CBI probe into the coal field allocations
March 2013
SC asks CBI director Ranjit Sinha not to share details of its investigation with the government.
April 2013
Parliamentary standing committee says allocations between 1993 and 2008 done arbitrarily
CBI director Ranjit Sinha admits that the investigation report was shared with the then law minister Ashwani Kumar
May 2013
Ashwani Kumar resigns
April 2014
Former Coal Secretary PC Parakh says in his book that the authority of PM Manmohan Singh was undermined by former coal ministers Sibu Soren and Dasari Narayan Rao
July 2014
SC sets up a special CBI court to try all coal field allocation cases.
August 2014

Gold  silver extend gains on seasonal demand  global cuesNew Delhi, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 17:17 IST
Gold, silver extend gains on seasonal demand, global cues
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold prices rose further by Rs. 210 to Rs. 27,210 per ten gram in the national capital on Wednesday on increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet upcoming festive and wedding season demand amid a firming global trend.
Silver followed suit and gained another Rs. 500 to Rs. 40,000 per kg on increased off take by industrial users and coin makers.
Traders said increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet the coming festive and wedding season demand mainly kept precious metals higher.
They said a firming global trend on signs of more physical demand amidst escalating tensions in the Middle East also bolstered the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded at USD 1,224.50 an ounce from USD 1,223.42 on Tuesday and silver rose 0.4 per cent to USD 17.86 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity advanced by Rs. 210 each to Rs. 27,210 and Rs. 27,010 per ten gram respectively. It had gained Rs. 150 on Tuesday.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Similarly, silver ready rose further by Rs. 500 to Rs. 40,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 260 to Rs. 39,610 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs. 250 in the previous session.
Meanwhile, silver coins traded at last level of Rs. 69,000 for buying and Rs. 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Metal scrips tank post SC order; Usha Martin  JSPL top losersUpdated: September 24, 2014 16:59 IST
Metal scrips tank post SC order; Usha Martin, JSPL top losers
PTI
stocks
Metal stocks, led by Usha Martin and Jindal Steel & Power Ltd, on Wednesday tumbled as much as 10 per cent after the Supreme Court quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various firms since 1993.
Following this, shares of Usha Martin declined 10.03 per cent to Rs. 30.05, while JSPL tumbled 9.99 per cent to Rs. 189.70 on the BSE.
Among others, shares of Prakash Industries tanked 8.20 per cent, Monnet Ispat & Energy plunged 6.58 per cent, Bhushan Steel (4.96 per cent), Tata Steel (2.63 per cent), Sarda Energy & Minerals (1.63 per cent), Hindalco Industries (0.48 per cent) and NMDC (0.21 per cent).
The BSE metal index fell by 0.02 per cent to settle at 11,717.49.
“As the Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen in the index (Sensex),” said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs. 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha, saved only four blocks — one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects — from being cancelled.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B. Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
Meanwhile, shares of Reliance Power climbed 5.34 per cent and NTPC rose by 0.91 per cent on the BSE.
In the broader market, the BSE benchmark Sensex ended 31 points lower at 26,744.69.

India makes a mark in MarsUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:11 IST
India makes a mark in Mars
Tweet
Reuters Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi on screens after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, in Bangalore on Wednesday, September 24, 2014.
AP ISRO scientists celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore.
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
AP Indian Space Research Organisation scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014.
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
ISRO's Mars orbiter becomes first spacecraft to enter Martian orbit in maiden attempt
From 'Congratulations ISRO' to 'Howdy Curiosity' here's how India's Mars Mission scored big on Twitter .
15.02: Nimisha (@nim2391); Bhakt Repeller (@BhaktRepeller); Sherin Johnson (@i_sherin) ask how is the Mars Mission going to impact common man's life.
Executing an interplanetary mission is no simple feat. Being able to do it provides the impetus for more investment in space research as well as could herald an uptick in foreign investment. Expansion of spacefaring capabilities means development of better launch systems to launch more sophisticated scientific payloads, as well as, in the long run, giving India a foot in the door when it comes to hardcore interplanetary exploration and colonization, far though in the future that may be.
14:59: Many Bollywood stars took to Twitter to congratulate ISRO on its historic feat. Read here
14:56: Question from Facebook follower Dharmateja Challa: Will the data will be made public ? It would be great if they do so for scientific community?
Depends on institutional plans for the data because each instrument on the payload has been designed and manufactured by different institutions around India, led by various scientists. If the corresponding institute has plans to release data, then sure.
14.50: Mr. Mallikarjuna Konduri (@elKondorPasa) asks: will ISRO use rest of fuel for gaining a stabler orbit and extend the mission period?
Mission period doesn't depend on orbit stability as far as extension is concerned.
13: 30: Facebook follower Gautam Reddy: Now that ISRO is competing on par with it's contemporaries, Is ISRO having any plans for a Space Station?
There are no known plans for a space station. That would be too ambitious considering the kind of resources such an installation requires.
11.57: Satheesh Sellam (@SatheeshSellam) asked us this question: If we have successful cryo GSLV vehicle, the complexity of taking the satellite out of earth gravity is considered less?
We've had one successful test of the cryogenic engine. It's too soon to say how future missions will pan out, although that one test was encouraging. Also, having such an engine doesn't make it easier in the general sense but gives us the ability to launch heavier - and therefore more sophisticated - payloads into orbit, especially the geostationary transfer orbit.
11.36: Vaibhav Pratap Singh (@NooseVP) had posted a question on Twitter to us asking the difference between ISRO's Mars orbiter and NASA's Maven. Here's the answer:
There are some overlaps in terms of MAVEN's and MOM's objectives. Both are equipped with instruments that will provide a clearer picture of the Martian atmosphere. The Curiosity rover's next phase of operations includes investigating the possible presence of life in Mars' history and this means finding signs of water by looking for minerals that could have formed only in the presence of water. MAVEN will assist in this by looking for isotopic signatures, which is something MOM will do as well. The reason both probes are there right now is because of a certain window that comes once in 26 months that reduces the distance between Earth and Mars, making it a good opportunity to launch probes in this window.
10.45: "The periapsis achieved was 427 km and the apoapsis was 78,500 km. The final values will be obtained after several hours," Mission Director, MOM, V. Kesava Raju says. Read here
10.15:
History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists http://t.co/RNbacKjB5q #Mangalyaan
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 24, 2014
10.10: Watch: India scripts history with Mars Mission
10.06: India’s first rocket launch pad, the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station, Thumba, Kerala, was in a coconut plantation. A local church served as main office, the bishop’s house was converted into a workshop and a cattleshed the research lab! Surely, we’ve come a long way!
10.00: Mars Orbiter Mission: Timeline of events
9. 34: Home Minister Rajnath Singh wishes Team ISRO
Congratulations to ISRO scientists who successfully launched India's 'Mangalyaan' into Mars Orbit. They have scripted history today!
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
9. 20: Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares. Read In Depth aticle about the mission
8.47:
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
8.36: PM Modi concludes his speech with quote from Tagore.
8.35: This achievement is far greater than a cricket win: PM Modi
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
8.33: India is now the first country to succeed at a Mars Mission in the first attempt & cheapest cost: PM
8.29: Modern India must continue. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8. 28:
Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.23: Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building: PM Modi
8.22: Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8.13:
— The Hindu (@TheHindu) September 24, 2014
8: 12:
Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.05: PM Modi felicitates the scientists. "Scientists have gone beyond the boundaries of humar enterprise."
7.59: Occultation over. Mars Mission successful, ISRO Chairman confirms.
Great to hear from you.....welcome to Mars @isro !! #DSNNow pic.twitter.com/6zSrFHj7lr
7: 53:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
— ISRO (@isro) September 24, 2014
7.48: The firing must have been completed by now and MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication.
7.46: The spacecraft is now out of range of radio signals. It has gone behind Mars, in what is called as occultation/eclipse.Occultation is loss of signal due to the orbiter being on the 'dark side' of Mars.
7.38: In about half hour, ISRO is expected to get the first confirmation from NASA's ground station in Canberra, Australia.
7.31: All engines of the Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn start confirmed. Scientific community celebrate the confirmation message.
7.17: Burn must have started. All engines must have started firing by now. Stand by for confirmation. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m.
ISRO Chairman Dr. Radhakrishnan and Director and chariman of Spacecraft Authorisation Board Kiran Kumar waiting for confirmation of the Burn.
7.16: Mars Orbiter is now in the shadow of Mars.
7.12: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at ISRO to witness the historic event. ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan welcomes the PM
7.11: Mars Orbiter start of forward rotation is confirmed: ISRO
7.08: The Liquid Engine Burn is set to begin in a few minutes now.
7.02: Here's all you need to know about the Mars Orbiter Mission
6.56: Forward rotation must have begun, ISRO says. It is required to align the direction of firing for effective braking. Confirmation will reach after 12.5 minutes.
6.50: ISRO Chairman, in an exlcusive interview to The Hindu, talks about the agency's Plan A and Plan B for MOI. Read here
6.43: The result of Mars Orbit Insertion will be available only at about 8:30 a.m.
6.35: The orbiter’s propulsion system, called the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
6.31:
(Image courtesy: ISRO)
6.24: An exclusive interview with ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the MOI manoeuvre.
6.19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Bangalore late Tuesday and is expected to stay in the ISTRAC complex till 9 a.m. and address Team ISRO.
6.15: Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. today.

IDBI says has near $328 mn exposure to cos hit by coal rulingIDBI says has near $328 mn exposure to cos hit by coal ruling
Reuters   September 24, 2014
Comments
Indian state-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd has close to Rs. 20 billion ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by a Supreme Court order scrapping coal blocks but not all of it will be problematic, the lender's head said on Wednesday.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares were down 5.3% by 0924 GMT compared to a flat performance in the NSE index. The banking sector index fell about 1%.

Starbucks avoids froth in $913 million Japan buyoutHONG KONG, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 18:51 IST
Starbucks avoids froth in $913 million Japan buyout
Reuters
The Hindu If the deal goes ahead, Japan will become Starbucks' second-largest market by revenue. File photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
company information
Starbucks Corp. has served up a grande Japanese buyout without any froth. The U.S. coffee chain is buying the 60.5 percent of its listed local unit that it doesn't already own for around $913 million - a discount to its market value. Expiring franchise license agreements give Starbucks Corp. a rare chance to take full control of its business in the world's third-largest economy on the cheap - as long as minority shareholders don't put up a fight.
The deal has two parts. In the first step, Starbucks Corp.'s local partner, clothes-to-food brand operator Sazaby League, has agreed to hand over its 39.5 percent stake in the Japanese unit for 965 yen per share - a 31 percent discount to the closing price on Sept. 22. Public shareholders that own the remaining 21 percent of the shares will be given an opportunity to sell at 1465 yen per share - a skinny 4.7 percent premium. If both steps are completed, Starbucks Corp. will be able to delist Starbucks Coffee Japan.
Why is Starbucks Corp. able to call the shots?
The key is licence agreements between the Seattle-based group and its local unit. The Japanese arm is only allowed to use the Starbucks name until 2021, with no option to renew. If no deal had been struck, Starbucks Corp. would have eventually had the right to buy back the Japanese stores at their fair market value, probably leaving shareholders worse off. Shares in Starbucks Coffee Japan rose to 1461 yen by mid-day Tokyo time on Sept. 24, suggesting there's unlikely to be much resistance from public shareholders.
A bargain will also help Starbucks Corp. to justify the buyout to its own shareholders. If the deal goes ahead, Japan will become the company's second-largest market by revenue. But the business also has a less attractive financial profile: growth in same-store sales and operating profit margins in Japan are around half the level of the U.S. listed parent. For Starbucks Corp. this no-froth deal looks like just the right brew.
=> Starbucks Corp. announced on Sept. 23 an agreement to buy the remaining 60.5 percent of its Japanese venture that it doesn't already own in a two-step process worth 99.3 billion yen ($913 million).
=> The U.S. coffee chain will pay 965 yen per share to buy the 57 million shares or 39.5 percent stake held in Starbucks Coffee Japan by its local joint venture partner Sazaby League for a total cost of $506 million.
=> Public shareholders holding the remaining 30.2 million shares or 21 percent of Starbucks Coffee Japan will then be given the option to tender their shares for 1465 yen per share - a total cost of around $407 million.
=> The offer to Sazaby is at a 31 percent discount to Starbucks Coffee Japan's closing price on Sept. 22. The offer to public shareholders is at a 4.7 percent premium.
=> Starbucks said in a statement that Sazaby expressed a desire to exit the business in advance of the expiration of Starbucks Coffee Japan's retail franchise rights in 2021.
=> All the steps in the two-stage deal have been unanimously approved by the boards of Starbucks Corp., Sazaby, and Starbucks Coffee Japan. Starbucks Coffee Japan was formed as a joint venture partnership in 1995.
=> Shares in Starbucks Coffee Japan rose 4.5 percent to 1462 yen each by mid-day Tokyo time.

Showing weak judgementThe crux of the matter was the filing of an FIR against the police officer in all cases of encounter killings.
Written by Colin Gonsalves | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:07 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 7:43 am
The decision of the Supreme Court in the People’s Union for Civil Liberties case (in which the genuineness of nearly 99 encounters between the Mumbai police and alleged criminals, resulting in the death of 135 persons between 1995 and 1997, were questioned) has avoided the real issue and is disappointing. The direction given to the effect that an FIR should be registered in all cases of encounter deaths misses the core issue, namely that FIRs are being registered today in every encounter case.
The trick the police engage in is to register an FIR against the dead person under IPC Section 307, alleging that he attempted to murder a police officer, and since the accused is dead, the criminal case is treated as closed by the police themselves without taking the case to the magistrate.
As a remarkable full bench decision of the Andhra Pradesh High Court recently held, the correct procedure is to first register an FIR against the police officer causing death. If the criminal investigation revealed that the officer had fired in self-defence, a closure report would be filed before the magistrate and the case closed by the magistrate, not the police. If the investigation showed that a case under IPC 302 (murder) was made out against the police officer, a chargesheet would be filed and the trial would proceed. The crux of the matter was the filing of an FIR against the police officer in all cases of encounter killings. This is not done anywhere in the country. The result is that criminal prosecutions of policemen do not take place, which is why fake encounters that amount to nothing but extra-judicial executions have spread to every part of this country. In the present case, the direction is merely for an FIR to be registered. By this weak drafting, the entire judgment is undermined.
The full bench decision of the Andhra HC was regrettably stayed by the SC on an argument made by the counsel for the state that the policemen who risk their lives nabbing terrorists would themselves face legal proceedings. The argument is more rhetorical than real. If the law mandates that any person who causes unnatural death must have an FIR registered against him and  be subject to a criminal investigation where he may take the plea of self-defence, and if the law makes no distinction between a civilian and a person in uniform, then so be it. The irritation caused to a policeman who takes part in a genuine encounter can be obviated by commencing the criminal investigation on the spot, quickly recording the statements of the witnesses, including independent witnesses, and then filing a closure report before the magistrate, who would then continued…

Contours of caste disadvantageUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:22 IST
Contours of caste disadvantage
discrimination
Traditional hierarchies are too deeply entrenched to be reversed through one single measure; they need a concerted push, backed by strong will from different segments of society, including, but not confined to, politicians
The rise of Other Backward Classes (OBC) and Dalit-Adivasi leaders in the political sphere is celebrated as India’s “silent revolution.” At the national level, this phenomenon has been especially marked since the early 1990s, leading to comments about the “Mandalisation” of the Indian polity. The political ascendancy of individuals from traditionally marginalised groups has been viewed as a large enough flux that it is believed to have either reversed, or certainly flattened, the centuries-old traditional caste hierarchies. The contemporary caste system is often represented as one where horizontally placed entities compete for government favours and for a space among the elites, often using the trump card of marginalisation, despite being powerful, rich and dominant groups within their local contexts. The pictures vary depending on the commentator: it is either one of competition between equals; or one where the upper castes are now the new marginalised and the so-called lower castes, especially the OBCs, the new elite. A running theme underlying these analyses is one that minimises the actual extent of disadvantage and discrimination, and celebrates the end of the caste system, or at least its dehumanising, hierarchical and exploitative avatar.
Change in political sphere
Indeed, the change in the political sphere is rather striking, especially in the Hindi belt. Until the early 1970s, upper caste Members of Parliament represented more than 50 per cent of North Indian MPs, compared to 5 per cent for the intermediate castes and at most 10 per cent for OBCs. In the South (and also in Maharashtra), due to a combination of reasons, including a long history of intense social reform movements, upper castes lost their predominant position in the political sphere rather early on. Even though the implementation of the Mandal Commission report is seen as “the” turning point, in actual fact, the share of intermediate castes and OBCs started rising in 1977. By 1989, upper caste MPs from Uttar Pradesh fell below 40 per cent for the first time, and the OBC share was 21 per cent. The same trend was getting reflected in the State Assemblies: e.g. in Uttar Pradesh, the share of upper caste MLAs decreased from 58 per cent in 1962 to 37.7 per cent in 1998.
Has this shift in the social composition of political leaders led to a corresponding change in material conditions of broad caste groups? The “OBCs-are-the-new-elite” theory certainly believes that it has: the personal enrichment of individual political leaders, coupled with some rags-to-riches stories are offered as evidence of this change. However, like several debates, this one has generated more heat than light, because these individual stories, dramatic as they are, do not give any sense of the broader contours of change in the relative ranking of the three broad social groups — Dalits-Adivasis, OBCs and “Others” (everyone else). In the absence of jati-specific data, “Others” are often taken as a loose proxy for upper castes, but it should be noted that the actual disparity between upper and lower castes would be larger than what is revealed by these broad data categories. Also, the OBC category in these data sets is the legal one, i.e. all jatis classified as OBCs, including dominant castes. Thus, the gaps between the truly “backward” OBCs and upper castes would be larger than what are revealed by aggregate data.
Material disparities
Along with Rajesh Ramachandran, I have tried to map the changing contours of caste disadvantage in India since independence using large-scale national data. Ideally, the best kind of data to examine changes over time would be longitudinal or panel data — one that tracks a large set of individuals over time. However, in the absence of that, we use National Sample Survey data and divide the population into birth cohorts, such that the oldest cohort in our data comprises individuals born between 1926 and 1935 and the youngest cohort are those born during 1976-85.
We examine gaps in several indicators (landholding, urbanisation, years of education, proportions of those with different levels of education, various employment indicators, wages and so forth) across caste groups, between each cohort, and see if the gaps are increasing or decreasing across cohorts. Suppose that upper castes have a higher proportion (than OBCs) of those who hold elite, white-collar jobs. That indicates disparity along traditional lines. But if this gap is lower for younger cohorts than it was for older cohorts, it would mean that OBCs are catching up with upper castes in terms of access to this tier of occupation. If, hypothetically, we were to find that among the younger cohorts, a greater proportion of OBCs had access to white-collar jobs than upper castes, it would suggest that the older hierarchy of access to such jobs had been overturned, and the OBCs are indeed the new elite in this dimension. We examined each of our indicators using this methodology, and here’s what we found.
The overarching picture shows that there are clear disparities in virtually all indicators of material well-being, with upper castes at the top, SC-STs at the bottom and OBCs in between. However, the picture is not uniform across indicators, and there are signs of change.
Education and occupation
We find evidence of convergence between the three broad groups in literacy and primary education over successive cohorts. However, in access to higher education, the groups are growing further apart. The fact that for education after the primary stage, and especially for higher education critical to achieving social mobility, traditional hierarchies have not only persisted, but widened over the last 50 years is significant. This suggests that policies targeted towards closing the gaps at the higher education levels are not entirely misplaced, as the gaps would probably have been larger in the absence of such policies.
In a three way division of all jobs into agricultural, blue collar and white collar, SC-STs record the highest proportion in agricultural jobs consistently for all cohorts, followed by OBCs and upper castes; whereas for white-collar jobs, upper castes record the highest proportions for all cohorts, followed by OBCs and then SC-STs. For blue-collar jobs, the picture is mixed, in that OBCs record the highest proportions, followed by upper castes and then SC-STs. Here, change can be seen in the fact that younger cohorts among OBCs seem to be closing the gap vis-à-vis upper castes in terms of access to prestigious white-collar jobs, whereas SC-STs continue to lag behind.
Jobs and discrimination
We find that SC-ST percentages with access to public sector jobs are consistently higher than those for OBCs, a trend at variance with access to white-collar jobs. We believe that the difference in the relative picture between SC-STs and OBCs reflects the longer operation of SC-ST quotas. Note, however, that upper castes as a group continue to have the highest percentage of public sector jobs across cohorts.
Here again, the OBCs are catching up, both with SC-STs and with upper castes. This is most strikingly true for the cohort born between 1956-1965, individuals who would have been between 35 and 25 years old in 1990 and hence eligible to take advantage of the new quotas. This catch up continues onwards to younger cohorts. We see a similar convergence between SC-ST and upper castes, which is in contrast to the picture of divergence between SC-ST and upper castes in access to white-collar jobs.
A standard method of estimating discrimination in the labour market is via decomposition of the wage gap between two groups. A part of the wage gap between any two groups can be explained by the fact that members of one group are likely to be better educated, more skilled or have other attributes that command higher wages. However, if the entire wage gap cannot be explained by these factors, the residual gap is taken as a proxy for labour market discrimination. Comparing the oldest cohort born after independence to the youngest cohort, we find that average wage gaps between OBCs and upper castes have been narrowing over the years, but notably, the discriminatory component is rising. The gaps between SC-STs and upper castes are larger than those for OBCs, and the trend is again of rising discrimination for younger cohorts.
Traditional hierarchies persist
Overall, despite significant gaps in all indicators (consumption expenditure, wages, educational attainment, occupational attainment and so forth), we find substantial evidence of catch up between OBCs and upper castes among younger cohorts (especially in literacy, primary education, access to white-collar jobs, wages), but we find continued divergence in all education categories after the middle school level. The convergence for SC-STs is very limited, confined only to literacy and primary education. However, our disaggregated regional examination reveals that the association of these changes with political representation is weak, at best. That should not be taken to mean that political representation has not worked or that it is not vital to achieve an inclusive, and broad-based structure of governance and decision-making. What the evidence indicates is that traditional hierarchies are too deeply entrenched to be reversed through one single measure; they need a concerted push, backed by strong will from different segments of society, including, but not confined to, politicians.
(Ashwini Deshpande is Professor, Delhi School of Economics. E-mail: ashwini@econdse.org)

A faster  cheaper Mars orbiterUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:27 IST
A faster, cheaper Mars orbiter
Pallava Bagla
Photo: PTI MAKING HISTORY: In the Martian marathon, India has reached the finish line ahead of China. Picture shows the rocket carrying the Mars Orbiter lifting off from Sriharikota on November 5, 2013.
TOPICS
space programme
India’s Mars orbiter mission tells the world that the more technology was denied the more determined the country became to master space technologies
India has created global history by becoming the first Asian nation to reach the Mars orbit in a space mission. The success is sweeter because this has been done in its maiden attempt. No other country that has attempted a mission to Mars has succeeded in reaching the planet on debut. So, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) can claim that it has done a shade better than accomplished space powers such as the United States and Russia in reaching Mars.
India’s Mangalyaan has cost the country Rs.450 crore or about $70 million; it is without doubt the cheapest inter-planetary mission ever to be undertaken since Martian exploration began. On September 22, a mission by NASA called the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN), made at a cost of over $670 million, reached Mars. This Indian marathon took 300 days to cover a distance of over 670 million kilometres — a sprint really in a record time of 10 months.
The first official hint that India was undertaking a mission to Mars came in the budget speech of 2012. Subsequently, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh formally declared in his Independence Day speech that year that an Indian mission was heading to Mars. The mission itself was launched on a balmy afternoon on November 5, 2013, and the journey from the Red Fort to the Red Planet has had a dream run.
On his last visit to ISRO, when he witnessed the launch of a Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India’s Mars orbiter is a “great achievement” since it costs less than the making of the Hollywood blockbuster movie “Gravity” which had a tag of $100 million.
An inexpensive mission
Many have questioned why India should be sending a robotic mission to Mars when there is so much poverty, malnutrition, death, disaster and diseases among its 1.2 billon population. Some have even called this mission as being a part of India’s “delusional dream” of becoming a superpower in the 21st century. There can be nothing farther from the truth. If one analyses the cost of the Mars Orbiter mission of Rs.450 crore, for Indians it works out to be about Rs.4 per person. Today, a bus ride would cost a lot more.
India’s Mars Orbiter mission has paved the way for cheaper and faster inter-planetary probes. During his upcoming U.S. visit, Mr. Modi and U.S. President Barack Obama are likely to sign a new agreement for the making of the joint Indo-U.S. Radar Satellite Mission. China and India recently signed an agreement on “peaceful uses of outer space.” So, many are now wanting to partner in ISRO’s success.
The mission, within minutes of reaching Mars, has already taken its first images of the Martian surface. The Mars colour camera, which is essentially an Indian eye to track Mars, will bring back the first tangible truths to Indian taxpayers that their money has been well spent.
If the 20th century witnessed a “space race” between the U.S. and the USSR, the 21st century is seeing an Asian space race. In most aspects of space technology, China is way ahead of India. It has larger rockets, bigger satellites and several rocket ports. It even launched its first astronaut in space way back in 2003 and has a space laboratory in the making.
In 2008, when India undertook its first mission to moon Chandrayaan-1, China raced ahead and orbited its Chang’e-1 satellite ahead of India. But in this Martian marathon, India has reached the finish line ahead of China. This now puts India in the pole position as far as Asian Martian exploration goes. In 2012, the first Chinese probe to Mars Yinghuo-1 failed. It was riding atop a Russian satellite called Phobos-Grunt. But the Chinese probe failed to even leave earth. Earlier in 1998, a Japanese probe to Mars ran out of fuel.
Today, India’s Mars orbiter mission has shown that the Indian elephant has lumbered ahead of the Chinese red dragon. For the record, ISRO’s chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan has gone on record by saying, “We are not racing with anybody. We are racing with ourselves. We have to race to reach the next level of excellence.”
Challenges ahead
Now that India has reached Mars, ISRO has several other goals and challenges to meet. Coming up in the next few weeks is the test firing of India’s monster rocket, the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mk III, a rocket capable of carrying heavy payloads into space. This flight will carry a dummy crew module, which is part of a programme for the development of critical technologies that ISRO seeks to develop as part of its human space flight programme.
As ISRO says, the first astronaut could well be a woman. In a few weeks, an Indian navigation satellite will be also launched into space. By 2017, ISRO wants to undertake India’s second mission to moon Chandrayaan-2 which will have an Indian lander and a rover. Subsequently, it also wants to launch dedicated missions to study the Sun and the planetary bodies in the solar system.
Mr. Modi, in his stirring speech to ISRO, spoke of its capabilities and efficiencies. It is an eye-opener that a country which can undertake a mission to Mars is unable to provide electricity to 400 million citizens. What is worse is that 600 million Indians still don’t have access to toilets. It is hoped that Mr. Modi would have learnt a lesson or two from the Indian space agency on how to undertake cost-effective projects with no time or cost overruns. If only Mr. Modi internalises this big learning can his dream of having “Swachh Bharat” by 2019 become a reality.
The Orbiter mission undoubtedly tells the world that India is a space power to reckon with. The more technology was denied to India, the more determined it became to master these technologies.
Amid the celebration, if there is one point of regret, it is that the Mars Orbiter Satellite — a truly nationalistic mission — does not carry the Indian tri-colour or the flag. This is one inexplicable omission ISRO may regret for a long time to come.
(Pallava Bagla is the co-author of the book Reaching for the Stars: India’s Journey to Mars and Beyond. E-mail: pallava.bagla@gmail.com)

Would love to list but time is not yet right: Vodafone CEOcompany information
Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao says that he would love to list in India but the time is not yet ripe for it. There are too many uncertainties surrounding the business and a period of stability is required before listing could be considered.
“To be honest, I would love to list Vodafone India. We’ve been talking about it and I’ve had banks knocking at my door but my answer is: at the right moment and under the right conditions we would do it. There are so many uncertainties over extension of existing spectrum licences, new auctions, M&A rules… The last thing I want is to do a listing of Vodafone India and then see the stock price go down,” he said over lunch with a group of editors here on Wednesday.
It is not just about doing the right thing for Vodafone but for Indian people who would buy shares in the new company with uncertainties that they are incapable of judging. Pointing out that there were too many players returning too little on capital invested, Mr. Colao argued for consolidation: “You don’t need more than four players; no country in the world has more than five players and usually the fifth is up for sale.”
He said that Vodafone was open to looking at consolidation but it must make sense from a financial point of view. “We cannot throw away money for the sake of consolidation. I’m not obsessed about buying in India,” he said.
He ducked a question on the talks with the Tata group for acquisition of stake in Tata Teleservices saying: “If you want to follow everything I do personally, follow me on Facebook!”
He also dismissed the emerging threat through the 4G foray of Reliance saying: “I wish Reliance full success, we will be great competitors and I’m not worried by Reliance.”
Mr. Colao pointed out that Vodafone had a “fantastic 3G operation with over 60 per cent growth in data business” and that 4G in India was more about capacity than speed. “I was browsing the web from my car this morning and the speed was good. You can do most of what you need today in 3G.”
Without going into details on the arbitration over the Rs.20,000 crore retrospective tax dispute with the government, Mr. Colao would only say: “There is an arbitration process and within that anything can happen. It is an established process and will take whatever turn it has to take.”
Answering a question on whether he was disappointed with the budget not rolling back the retrospective tax, Mr. Colao quipped: “I’m old enough to understand that you should not look at statements but at action. I was not disappointed and I’m waiting like many international investors to see the new India in practice and action. There is this myth of the first 100 days; it’s the first 1000 days that really matter.”
It was clear from the interaction that the upcoming spectrum auction and the renewal of licences in some big circles was occupying more mind space for Mr. Colao and his leadership team than the tax issue. Vodafone is in danger of going out of business if it fails to secure renewal of the licences in circles such as Gujarat that are critical for it.

Reliance Power calls off 12 000-cr deal with Jaypee GroupComments
Citing regulatory uncertainties, Anil Ambani-led Reliance Power on Wednesday called off a deal with Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) to buy the latter’s entire hydel power portfolio. Considered as the largest in India’s infrastructure sector, the deal was valued at close to Rs. 12,000 crore.
The projects have an operating capacity of 1,791 mega watt — the largest hydro power capacity outside government control.
Lack of clarity over  Jayprakash’s 1,000-MW Karcham Wangtoo (KW) project is said to have hit the deal.
“Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power’s acquisition of JPVL’s hydro portfolio of three projects,” a spokesperson of Reliance Power said.
“For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG (Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group) has been called off,” JPVL said in a statement.
“The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of shareholders in the prevailing economic scenario,” said Manoj Gaur, chairman, Jaypee Group.
The move is seen as a setback for Jaypee Power and Jaypee Associates, which were  looking to reduce their Rs. 60,000-crore debt by Rs. 12,000 crore through this deal.

Govt must turn intentions into actions: VodafoneComments
The world’s second-largest telecom company, UK-based Vodafone, has said the Narendra Modi-led NDA government must translate its good intentions into action.
“The programme of this government is good… the problem is implementation,” Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao said on Wednesday. “The problem is the slow and sometimes contradictory regulatory process.”
Vodafone is facing a tax liability of over Rs. 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa’s stake in Hutchison Essar in India.
Asked about the arbitration process with the government, he said it is in its early stages, and called it a “civilised process” to resolve disputes between companies and states.
He said Vodafone is planning to increase its investment in India in the short term. “I would love to list Vodafone India — there are banks knocking at my door — at the right moment, or if conditions are right,” said Colao. Those conditions, he said, include better merger and acquisition rules, as well as allocation of spectrum.
He said M&A rules are holding back consolidation in the telecom sector in India. The next round of spectrum auction (in February) could see Vodafone get deprived of its bandwidth in some important circles, with no alternative to buy in another band. “Our business is up for sale. This is predatory competition,” he said wrily.
He said India is ripe for consolidation. “We do think in India it has to happen. There are too many players not returning enough on their capital investment,” he said.
“I am waiting, like many international investors, to the see the new India,” Colao said. “I am more optimistic than I was, not because of the performance of the government, but of the business.”

Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations  spares fourSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Modis American businessIn recognising the importance of US business in the shaping of Washington’s external policies, Modi is emulating China’s strategy in America over the last three decades.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: September 25, 2014 12:05 am
What Prime Minister Narendra Modi does with the American business community during his visit to the United States may be more consequential over the longer term than his engagement with the political leadership in Washington. No wonder the PM has chosen to spend some quality time, both individually and collectively, with the leaders of American business in New York and Washington.
If the perception of India as a major business opportunity since the reforms began a quarter of a century ago provided the basis for raising Delhi’s diplomatic profile on the global stage, the economic drift over the last few years has inevitably constrained India’s room for foreign policy manoeuvre. Convincing American companies that India is back in business must be one of Modi’s most important political objectives in the US.
As the most business-friendly prime minister India has ever had, Modi might be well placed to successfully pursue this task. Thanks to India’s first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, a thinly veiled contempt for capital is very much part of Delhi’s political culture. Nehru, who kept India’s businessmen at arm’s length at home, made no secret of his distaste at having to deal with what he saw as excessive American materialism and a crass commercial culture during his first visit to the US in 1949.
Modi is probably as “non-Nehruvian” as you could get in India, at least on the relationship between private business and national strategy. During his visit to Japan earlier this month, Modi told the captains of industry there that he was a Gujarati and commerce ran through his blood. Modi’s finance minister, Arun Jaitley, in turn, has often said that there is no contradiction in being “pro-poor” and “pro-business” at the same time.
Delhi’s current pro-business orientation marks a new stage in India’s appreciation of the role of international capital in the conduct of the nation’s foreign policy. For Nehru and Indira Gandhi, focused as they were on economic self-reliance, there was hardly any room for mixing international business and diplomacy. Rajiv Gandhi was the first prime minister who began to see the intrinsic connection between the two. But it was not easy changing the political culture of the Indian Foreign Service, which privileged political activity over the commercial.
After all, the Indian diplomatic corps emerged out of the Indian Political Service of the pre-Independence period. Under the Raj, these officers proudly called themselves the “politicals” as they engaged in high politics with the princely states in the subcontinent and the principalities on the periphery.
At the dawn of the reform era, P.V. Narasimha Rao began to take business delegations along with him to foreign capitals. He made a special continued…

Orbiter sends back first picturesUpdated: September 25, 2014 10:58 IST
Orbiter sends back first pictures
T. S. Subramanian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (L) congratulates K. Radhakrishnan, head of ISRO, after India's Mars Obiter successfully entered the red planet's orbit. Photo: Reuters
TOPICS
space programme
Prime Minister will get first look before releasing them to the press
The colour camera, on board India’s spacecraft to Mars, has beamed back about 10 pictures of the Red Planet’s surface which show some craters.
The camera was the first of the five instruments on board to be switched on a few hours after India’s Mars mission made history on Wednesday by entering the planet’s orbit. The other instruments will become operational one by one in the next few days.
The first pictures were received by the Indian Space Science Data Centre at Byalalu village, about 40 km from Bangalore.
Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) officials said the pictures were of “good quality.” They will be presented to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday before being released to the press, the officials said.

Algerian militants behead kidnapped French touristPrint
In this still image from video published on the Internet on Monday, Sept. 22, 2014, by a group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, a captive Frenchman appeals to French President Francois Hollande to help free him. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Algiers | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:47 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:50 am
Algerian militants beheaded French tourist Herve Gourdel, who was kidnapped by gunmen on Sunday in what the group said was a response to France’s action against Islamic State militants in Iraq.
In a video released by his captors on Wednesday, Gourdel, a 55-year-old from Nice, is seen kneeling with his arms tied behind his back before four masked militants who read out a statement in Arabic criticizing France’s intervention. They then pushed him on his side and held him down. The video does not show the beheading, but a militant later holds the head up to the camera.
ALSO READ: US President Barack Obama calls for dismantling IS ‘network of death’ 
“This is why the Caliphate Soldiers in Algeria have decided to punish France, by executing this man, and to defend our beloved Islamic State ,” one of the militants says in the statement he read out. France’s President Francois Hollande confirmed the death of Gourdel, and vowed that French military operations against Islamic State would continue.
“Our compatriot has been killed cruelly and in a cowardly way by a terrorist group. Herve Gourdel was assassinated because he was French,” Hollande, visibly shaken by the events, said at the United Nations. “My determination is total, and this aggression only strengthens it. France will continue to fight terrorists everywhere. The operations against Islamic State will continue.”
The Caliphate Soldiers, an al Qaeda splinter group linked to Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, had on Monday published a video claiming responsibility for the abduction and showed the man identifying himself as Gourdel. The kidnapping had come after Islamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani urged the group’s followers to attack citizens of the United States, France and other countries that joined the coalition to destroy the radical group.
Just before the militants gave their statement in the video, the Frenchman told his family that he loved them. There was no immediate comment from Gourdel’s relatives, but a friend, Eric Grinda, told France’s i-Tele television: “They want to fan the flames of hatred and to make us want to respond. They only are able to do one thing, assassinate a man on his knees with his hands tied. … My sadness is immense.”
France launched its first air strikes targeting Islamic State targets in Iraq on Friday. It has said all must be done to rid the region of the group. On Monday, France raised the threat level continued…

APECs apparel mart mirrors the waning fortunes of textile exportsPrint
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:37 am
Mannequins draped in finery but covered in transparent sheets, grimy cartons and unused and dust-swathed office furniture, are piled across the “state-of-the-art” Apparel International Mart (AIM), Gurgaon, once envisaged as the one-stop shop for reputed international apparel buyers.
The seven-floor mart comprises 250 showrooms, of which 94 are lying vacant and 81 are being used for running an institute or have been rented out for office space. Only 75 showrooms are occupied but these too remain locked due to negligible export promotion activity.
The Apparel Export Promotion Council (AEPC), which was tasked with operating and promoting apparel exports in the mart, has been running the Institute of Apparel Management (IAM) from the vacant showrooms.
The institute runs out of the seventh floor and a part of the sixth floor. It has been blacklisted by the Haryana Directorate of Technical Education as it does not have AICTE approval.
Despite several representations, both the AEPC and the government have not addressed the concerns of exporters and existing showroom holders, said Rajiv Kapoor, vice-president, Apparel House Exporters’ Association.
The mart was mooted in 1997 to raise apparel exports to $25 billion by 2010 under the National Textile Policy 2000. However, 17 years later, the exports of ready-made garments stood at $13.9 billion in 2013-14.
Trade experts say that with the focus of the government on re-energising exports and promoting manufacturing, it is time to reinvent the export promotion councils (EPCs), bridge between the government and exporters.
“EPCs were designed to hand-hold small exporters. However, instead of doing their jobs, they have become rent-seekers. EPCs in other countries help the exporters to the last detail, if need be,” said Biswajit Dhar, professor, JNU.
Earlier, a study was undertaken by the commerce ministry to gauge the efficacy of EPCs. It had recommended organisational restructuring “to ensure their democratic functioning and greater participation from members in their activities”, a government source said. Several EPCs are yet to put in place effective mechanisms, which adversely affects India’s export competitiveness, the source added.
Even as the government has undertaken steps to make it easier for doing business in the country, it would have to focus on institutions that cater to small and medium enterprises, to push manufacturing, Dhar added.
A showroom holder in the AIM, on the condition of anonymity, said despite the huge vacancy, the AEPC has not taken measures to sell the showrooms to exporters. Except for few events, not much is being done by the AEPC for promoting apparel exports, the showroom holder alleged.
When contacted, while the textiles ministry did not respond, AEPC chairman Virender Uppal said, “We are not doing anything for our benefit. The showrooms were lying vacant so the institute was opened … Now we have decided to involve exporters in the decision-making process.”

Spice Dream Uno vs Karbonn Sparkle V: They are one and the sameAndroid One has been able to almost perfect the standard at least for now. Both these phones are good devices and it will be up to your brand preference to select between the two.
New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:29 am
Android One is a based on a standard set by Google and it is no surprise that all the three phones that have come out so far sport identical specs. In fact, except for the Micromac Canvas A1, which we reviewed last week, the other two even look more or less the same. The Canvas A1 has a steel ring around the camera, which is missing in the Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V. But how good are these two phones in comparison to each other? We put them to the test.
Quick Tech Specs: 4.5-inch (854x480p, 218ppi) capacitive touch screen | Mediatek 1.3 GHz quad core processor | 1GB RAM | 134mm height, 68mm width, 9.3mm depth and 140g weight | 2MP front and 5MP rear camera | 4GB internal memory with 32GB expandable slot |  WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, 3G, 1700 mAh  battery | dual micros SIM
Price: Rs 6,399
Design: All three Android One phones look exactly the same from front, making it almost impossible to make out the difference. They have a distinct round grille for the speaker and that makes the first set of Android One phones unique. In the rear, all three have a clear Android One branding. The Karbonn phone has a rectangular panel to house the camera and flash, while the Spice phone has separate rounds for the camera and flash. The rubberised finish on flap makes them easy to grip.
Screen & Audio: At full brightness both screens are again the same. It is good to see screens like these come to lower price points. Both are reasonably good for the outdoors, though you will need to push up the brightness. On the audio front, the Karbonn phone seems to have slightly better quality and clarity. But that is a very subjective call.
Performance: Like with the Micromax, the two phones strike a perfect balance between software and hardware. The results is a very fluid UI that does not stall or stutter whatever you do. All the regular apps will work well. Also, the phones do not heat when you do a lot of browsing or try and push the phone by using a certain app for too long. But remember, this is a phone that costs just Rs 6,399 and you cannot expect it to perform like a flagship phone. There will be tasks this phone will find to be an uphill task.
Memory: Out of the 4GB of internal memory, but phones have just over 2GB left for the user. This is one of the places where manufacturers have tried to cut corners and keep the price manageable. So you will need to buy an SD card along with the phone and let apps and pictures save on it by default to let the phone perform smoothly in the coming months.
Software: Both phones run Android KitKat and the only way to differentiate them would be to put different wallpapers. This is pure Android, devoid of tweaks or bloatware and you will love the experience. I am tempted to say that this is the real USP of Android One, though I am unsure if consumers would really care at this price point.
Camera: There is nothing to give or take between the cameras on the two phones. They are both good clickers, though not great in any sense of the term. Also, the native camera app is the Google Camera and you can start shooting only if you have an SD card installed. The cameras will suffice your urge to click selfies and let you impress friends on Facebook with a good sunset shot once in a while.
Battery: The battery on both phones will last you till the end of the day, let’s say about 12 hours with regular use. You can get a few hours more if you reduce screen brightness.
Verdict: If Google has decided to brand the phones only as Android One and source the phones from different manufacturers, you would not have been able to find a difference between different devices. I have to say that Android One has been able to almost perfect the standard at least for now. Both these phones are good devices and it will be up to your brand preference to select between the two. I would not want to take that risk myself. Now you know why I chose to do a combined review of the phones.

Happy Navratri: Nine days of dance  music  puja and coloursHappy Navratri: Nine days of dance, music, puja and colours
The nine-days of festivities begin in India today.
Folk dancers perform Dandiya, a traditional dance, during a rehearsal ahead of Navratri festival in Ahmedabad (Source: Reuters)
Women practice Garba dance ahead of the Navratri festival in Ahmadabad (Source: PTI)
Dancers wearing traditional clothes practice Garba ahead of the Navratri festival in Ahmedabad. (Source: PTI)
Women dressed in traditional attire pose as they take part in rehearsals for the "garba" dance ahead of the Navratri festival at Adalaj Stepwell, a five level octagonal step-well complex built in the 15th century, in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad (Source: Reuters)
Women dressed in traditional attire pose as they take part in rehearsals for the "garba" dance ahead of Navratri festival in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad (Source: Reuters)
Women clad in traditional 'ghagra choli' pose for a photograph with dandiya sticks during a dandiya dance programme (SOurce: PTI)
Women clad in traditional 'ghagra choli' practice the 'Garba' dance ahead of Navratri festival in Ahmedabad (Source: PTI)
City girls gear up for the upcoming navratri festival, donning their tattoos and traditional dress in Ahmedabad (PTI)
Related

New iPhones run into software  bending complaintsThe iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a new product release in Cupertino, Calif. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:40 am
Apple’s newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week’s iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads.
The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock their phones with their fingerprint.
By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to users “as quickly as we can.” Users are still able to the upgrade older phones to last week’s version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.
Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest phone models — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It’s not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.
Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner than other iPhone models.
It’s not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands — not from normal sitting.
Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent “breakability” test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include bending.
But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6 Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function normally.
Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model iPhones had been reported in the past. “It does happen,” said Shay, “but it seems like for the most part it’s cosmetic damage.”
He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus, he added, “I continued…

Mars mission successUpdated: September 25, 2014 00:27 IST
Mars mission success
space programme
After a journey of over 660 million kilometres that took 10 months, India’s Mars Orbiter Mission has swept with effortless ease into orbit around the Red Planet, making this country the first to achieve such a feat in a maiden attempt. Probes despatched to Earth’s sibling planet over the last half a century have often run into trouble of one kind or another, with only less than half of those spacecraft ending the voyage successfully. Thus far, only the United States, the former Soviet Union and the European Space Agency have succeeded in doing so. India and its space agency, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), now proudly join their ranks. Although ISRO could draw on its experience with the lunar probe, Chandrayaan-1, launched six years back, the challenges involved in sending a spacecraft all the way to Mars are far greater. That includes propelling the spacecraft with sufficient velocity to escape Earth’s gravitational grasp, guiding it along the proper trajectory over vast distances, and then slowing it down sufficiently to go into orbit around that planet. The spacecraft had to be capable of operating autonomously as communication signals to and from ground stations could take minutes to reach it. All of this has gone remarkably smoothly, including the orbit insertion manoeuvre with the spacecraft’s main engine, which had lain idle for almost 300 days. It is a tribute to ISRO and the professionalism of its scientists and engineers that every minute detail for such a complex mission could be attended to in the course of a project completed in just one and a half years. India’s Mars effort costs Rs.460 crore, an economical price tag by Western standards.
The Indian probe joins four spacecraft already circling Mars, including America’s MAVEN (acronym for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution) that went into orbit just two days earlier, as well as two U.S. rovers exploring the planet’s surface. The Indian and U.S. space agencies are holding discussions on possible scientific collaboration. Success with the Mars Orbiter will give ISRO the confidence and capability to undertake more challenging missions. However, if the country wants to send heavier and more powerful spacecraft to Mars, it cannot do so with the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) that was used for the current mission. However, the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) equipped with an indigenous cryogenic stage made its first successful flight only in January this year, and a few more flights will be necessary to establish its reliability. Further improvements to the rocket may also prove essential. ISRO has achieved much, and more will be expected of it in the years to come.

India celebrates Navratripicture  others
India celebrates Navratri
Golu or Kolu is a festival celebrated during Navratri in South India as feast on colors, light, music, and food. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Visitors are greeted with gleaming dolls. Communities display dolls and figurines in odd numbered tiers (usually 3, 5, 7 or 9). (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
A view of an illuminated Mysore Palace for the upcoming Dussehra festivities. (Source: PTI)
Artists give final touches to idols of Goddess Durga at Jodhpur Park puja pandal ahead of the festival in Kolkata. (Source: PTI)
An artist works an idol of Hindu goddess Durga at a workshop ahead of the Durga Puja festival in Bhubaneswar. (Source: PTI)
A man carries a child on his shoulder as they watch a Dussehra festival procession in Allahabad. (Source: PTI)
Brass band member performs during a Dussehra festival procession in Allahabad.
The ten days long  festival that celebrates victory of good over evil begins. (Source: AP)
Artists dressed as Hindu deities Rama, left, and Laxman, sit in a tableau during a Dussehra festival procession in Allahabad. (Source: AP)
A worker carries decorative lights during a Dussehra festival procession in Allahabad. (Source: AP)
Related

BlackBerry struggles for a comeback  releases  PassportShares of BlackBerry rose 12 cents to $10.69 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq.
Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:15 pm
Hoping for a comeback, embattled Canadian company BlackBerry has launched a new smartphone.
Chief executive John Chen on Wednesday unveiled a large-screen, square sized phone called the Passport to a Toronto audience. London  and Dubai also hosted launch events. No event was held in the U. S. where analysts say there is little demand or carrier interest.
BlackBerry has increasingly lost relevance as a smartphone company in the years since the 2007 launch of Apple’s touchscreen iPhone and the 2008 introduction of Google-powered Android phones.
Chen, who took over as CEO last fall after failed attempt to sell the once-iconic company, said the new phone was in the works before he joined BlackBerry and joked that he can only take credit for not killing it.
He said he’s determined to win back market share in Canada and had hockey-great Wayne Gretzky give a brief speech in support of BlackBerry.
“The reason why we’re here is to really try to get the Canadian people to rally behind us,” Chen said. “I need that help, badly.”
The Passport is the size of a passport and has a square screen that measures 4.5 inches. It has a touch screen and a physical keyboard, something traditional BlackBerry business users prefer.
Chen said the Passport will be available in the U.S. via A&T on an exclusive basis by the end of the year. It is also available for $599 for a limited time through Amazon. He said he expects to release a more popular phone called the “Classic” later this year.
The BlackBerry smartphone, pioneered in 1999, changed the culture by allowing on-the-go business people to access wireless email. Then came a new generation of competing smartphones, and suddenly the BlackBerry looked ancient. Apple first showed that phones can handle much more than email and phone calls with its iPhone. BlackBerry has been hammered by the competition.
Since being named chief executive 10 months ago, Chen has been putting more emphasis on BlackBerry’s mobile device management business, a collection of software that allows IT departments to manage different devices connected to their corporate networks. He has also emphasized BlackBerry’s popular BlackBerry Messenger application that is now also available on Apple and Android devices. And he’s tried to highlight Blackberry’s embedded QNX software systems, which are used in-vehicle infotainment systems and industrial machines.
BGC analyst Colin Gillis said the Passport is not critical to BlackBerry’s survival because the company doesn’t need to sell many to make money on them. Gillis said while the square shape is odd, past attempts to compete with Apple and Android with similar looking devices failed.
“It has a physical keyboard and a big screen. There might be some professionals who value that. Is it a little odd looking? Yes,” Gillis said.
Shares of BlackBerry rose 12 cents to $10.69 in afternoon trading on continued…

India can become world s biggest car maker: MarutiCountry's top car maker Maruti Suzuki India Ltd on Wednesday hoped factors adversely affecting competitiveness of manufacturing will be removed quickly, in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to make India a manufacturing hub.
 
PM Modi launched his Make in India programme which is a signature initiative to urge companies - local and foreign - to invest in India through measures including easier norms and rules.
 
"Costs of production in India increase because of various government policies, procedures, regulations and the way some of the laws are implemented," said Kenichi Ayukawa, managing director and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, at the launch of 'Make in India' campaign.
 
Stating that India is not the easiest country to do business in, he said, "We are fully confident that, under the Make in India programme of the Prime Minister, factors that adversely affect the competitiveness of manufacturing will now be removed quickly.”
 
Ayukawa added India will become one of the most competitive manufacturing countries in the world.
 
Welcoming Modi's call to Make in India, he said Maruti Suzuki was one of the very first multi-national corporation companies to start a major manufacturing operation in India in 1983.
 
"Over 30 years ago, Osamu Suzuki, chairman, Suzuki Motor Corporation, recognised the potential of India, both as a market and as a country where high quality manufacturing was possible," Ayukawa said, adding globally, Maruti Suzuki is the most successful venture of Suzuki group.
 
He said the cars Maruti Suzuki makes in India are lower in costs than similar products made by it in other parts of the world.
 
This enabled Maruti to start exporting cars in 1986 to several countries including western Europe. Suzuki Japan made India its manufacturing hub for compact car Zen in 1994 for export to European countries.
 
Since 1983, Maruti has been making special efforts to develop a vibrant component manufacturing industry in India.
 
"This, along with the rapidly growing car production and demand, with high local content, and low costs, was largely responsible for all the major car manufacturers of the world establishing production facilities in India," he said.
 
The growth of the car industry also attracted investments from a large number of global automotive component manufacturers.
 
"Our experience with Indian managers, engineers and work force, despite an exception in 2012, has been excellent. We have been able to effectively implement work practices based on our Japanese experience, but suitably modified for India, that have resulted in continuous growth of productivity, improvements in quality and lower costs," he said.
 
India continues to be a major exporter of Suzuki branded cars. Other car manufacturers have also made India one of their manufacturing hubs for exports. Car exports from India have reached the levels of around six lakh units annually.
 
"This has been achieved despite the well-recognised fact that India is not the easiest country to do business in," he added.

US-led strikes hit Islamic State-held oil sites in SyriaPress Trust of India | Damascus | Posted: September 25, 2014 1:45 pm
Activists say that U.S.-led airstrikes have targeted Syrian oil installations held by the militant Islamic State group, killing at least five people.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and two local activist collectives say the airstrikes hit refineries and oil fields in the eastern provinces of Deir el-Zour and Hassakeh.
In one incident, the activists said at least five people were killed, including women and children who were likely the wives and children of militants, living near a refinery building.
The Observatory and activists said other airstrikes targeted the Nusra Front, a Syrian al-Qaida affiliate that has fought the Islamic State, and which is one of the most powerful groups fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Other strikes targeted Islamic State compounds, checkpoints and military vehicles.

Mukesh Ambani again tops list of India s richest tycoonsMukesh Ambani again tops list of India's richest tycoons
IANS  Washington, September 25, 2014
First Published: 11:49 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:35 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani has topped  the Forbes magazine's list of the top 100 richest tycoons in India for the eighth consecutive year with a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year.
For the first time, the top 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires, according to the latest Forbes rich list. The combined net worth of India's 100 wealthiest is $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
"In 2014, India's outlook has moved very quickly from gloom to boom. The new federal government's mandate for change has sparked euphoria in the stock market causing a seismic shift in Indian wealth this year," said Naazneen Karmali, India Editor of Forbes Asia.
Dilip Shanghvi, founder of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, India's most valuable drug maker, is the new No. 2, overtaking steel baron Lakshmi Mittal, who slips to fifth place. Sun Pharmaceutical's shares surged after it acquired rival Ranbaxy Laboratories from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo for $4 billion in April, Forbes said.
The 59-year old Shanghvi saw his fortune rise by $4.1 billion to $18 billion. Moving up one notch to No. 3 is Azim Premji, whose net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously.
In July, his tech firm Wipro set up a $100 million venture capital fund to back startups led by his son Rishad.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who jumped 11 spots to No. 11 adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring shares of his companies.
Adani has been on a buying spree: he bought a port in eastern India from the Tata Group for $900 million and agreed to pay $1 billion for a power plant in southern India, Forbes noted.
The minimum amount required to make the list was $1 billion, up from $635 million in 2013. With a record minimum net worth this year, 11 from last year fell off, including tycoons Brij Bhushan Singal and Vijay Mallya.
 
The top 10 richest in India are:
Mukesh Ambani; $23.6 billion

Need to break back of inflation  says Raghuram RajanWe need to improve the quality and quantity and scope of our data, and we are working at it, said Rajan.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 25, 2014 2:49 pm
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there was a need to “break the back” of inflation which remains high and controlling it would make the apex bank’s position more comfortable.
“The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to break the back of inflation, we got to break this persistence,” Rajan said at the 8th Statistics Day Conference here.
He said once inflation is contained, the RBI will be in a much more comfortable position.
In August, consumer price index (CPI) or retail inflation eased to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent in July, while the wholesale price index (WPI) moderated to 3.74 per cent from 5.19 per cent in July.
Noting that various economic data available in the country is not very comprehensive, Rajan pressed for an urgent need to improve them.
“We need to improve the quality and quantity and scope of our data, and we are working at it,” Rajan said.
He said India’s employment data, which forms the basis for number of decision on monetary policies in many countries, comes with a lag and is not comparable.
“We need to work on getting a timely and comprehensive employment data base, perhaps on the monthly level,” Rajan said.
He said the RBI is working with a National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) to create a strong and reliable data base on employment.
He also said the country does not have a proper producer price index and the RBI would soon create a series.

Narendra Modi launches  Make In India  campaignpicture  others
Narendra Modi launches ‘Make In India’ campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign in Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Promising the investors a conducive environment, Modi said the government will focus on the manufacturing sector, which will create job opportunities. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
The gathering was addressed by several bigwigs of India Inc, including Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry and Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
BJP leaders Nirmala Sitharam and Piyush Goel in conversation with each other. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
BJP leaders are seated as PM Modi talks about 'Make In India' campaign. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Cyrus Mistry, Mukesh Ambani, Wipro Chairman Azim Hashim Premji with other business tycoons.  (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
ICICI MD Chanda Kochhar in conversation with Birla group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla. (Source: Express photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Related

How PM Modi plans to make India a manufacturing superpowerFDI
(PM Narendra Modi rolls out…)
PM Narendra Modi launched 'Make in India' on September 25, 2014. The ambitious initiative seeks to make India a manufacturing superpower. ET looks at the key elements.
25 Thrust Sectors: Government has identified 25 sectors where India can become world leader. These include automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharma , textiles, ports, aviation, leather Tourism and hospitality, wellness, and railways are others. The documents will provide growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector-specific FDI , other policies & related agencies.
Single Point Interaction For Investors: Invest India will be fi rst reference point to guide foreign investors It will provide help on regulatory and policy issues and assist in obtaining regulatory clearances
www.makeinindia.com: Follow Up Action Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter Global Launch Make in India will be launched at national and state levels and missions abroad will take it forward
Domestic Focus: Government will identify select domestic cos having leadership in innovation & new technology The idea is to turn these into global champions To promote green and advanced manufacturing & help these cos to integrate into global value chain
Regulatory Regime Overhaul: Review of all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce compliance
Who And Where: The portal will track visitors for their geographical location, interest & real time user behaviour. Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on this information.
Proactive Approach: Investor facilitation cell to assist foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure The cell will also woo top companies across sectors in identified countries.
All Stakeholders On Board: State governments, business chambers, prominent corporates and foreign companies part of the launch.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India: FDI is also  First Develop India  says PM Modiemployment
(Modi said he wanted to make…)
NEW DELHI: Ease of doing business, focus on Public-Private partnerships, harnessing the potential of Democracy, Demography and Demand - that's what forms the key focus of PM Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Calling development of India a 'collective responsibility', PM Modi on Thursday said, "We must stress on two FDIs - First Develop India and Foreign Direct Investment." "For Indians FDI is a responsibility, it means to First Develop India, for global investors FDI is an opportunity in the form of Foreign Direct Investment," he explained.
Focusing on job creation through growth of the manufacturing sector, Modi said, "We need to enhance the purchasing power of Indians. We need to create jobs to move poor to middle class bracket." "Treat India as not just a market. See every Indian as an opportunity to increase their purchasing power," Modi emphasised.
"We have to change the economic dynamics; we have to improve manufacturing in a fashion that benefits the poor. This is a cycle, move poor people towards being a part of middle class," he added. "Manufacturing boost will create jobs, increase purchasing power, thereby creating a larger market for manufacturers," he explained.
The world is looking at Asia. I do not have to waste time to invite...I need to give the address: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 25, 2014
Talking about the ease of doing business, Modi stressed on ensuring smoother state-centre relations. "Development of states is important. States and centre have to work together to attract investment." "Development of states is development of India," he added.
Laying out a red carpet to both global and domestic industrialists and investors, Modi said, "We want our companies to shine as MNCs. We are ready to stand as facilitators." "We can change the direction and fate of India," he sought to assure.
In the context of manufacturing and deficits Modi advocated the importance of exports. "We are aggressively going to work towards export promotion," he said.
Watch: Make India a manufacturing hub: Narendra Modi
  Stating that Asia is the next growth story Modi said, "The world is looking to Asia for growth. I don't need to give an invitation; I just need to tell people the address of India."
Seeking to reassure investors of the government's intent to promote growth Modi said, "Development is an article of faith for the government. We are dedicated to growth." "I do not only talk about good governance. I talk about effective governance. Government working as a facilitator can produce results," he added.
Noting the important role that government has to play Modi said, "I want to take India higher on Ease-of-Doing-Business Index. We need to create an environment of growth, development in the country." "Incentives alone won't work; development and growth directed measures are important. Investors need security first, then growth and profit," he said.
"Government should intervene to instil confidence. Government is committed to growth; there is no political agenda but article of faith. Be assured you will not lose your money," Modi told investors. "Rule of law should be there, corporate government responsibility should be the norm," he said while talking about collective development responsibility.
Modi expressed confidence that the NDA government has reversed the trend of investors wanting to leave India. "In the last one year, many industrialists wanted to shift out of India. We don't want that industrialists should be forced to leave India. I can say with confidence that people don't think of leaving India now."
Trust formed the mantra of Modi's pitch to investors. "I agree that money doesn't come by merely inviting it. We should begin by trusting each other. Trust is the first step."
Citing the government's move to allow self-attestation of documents Modi said, "Self-certification may seem a small decision, but we have trusted the citizens of the country. Our motto is to trust citizens; this trust has the potential to change many things."
Modi also talked about the critical importance of robust infrastructure. "We have to move towards next generation infrastructure. We need not just highways, but I-ways too, that is Information-ways." "We have to move towards port-led development. Infrastructure is important to support manufacturing and industry."
Exhibiting confidence in India's talent pool, Modi said, "Nobody can question the talent of our people...especially after yesterday (after ISRO's successful MOM)." At the same time Modi pointed out that skill manned power should be made available based on requirement of the industry and area.
PM Modi concluded his 'Make in India' pitch by urging investors to focusing on developing India and ensuring that the manufacturing sector becomes a success story.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Committed to womens reservation Bill: Naidusocial issue
Without settingn any time frame for bringing the Bill in Parliament te Minister said the NDA government would move "forward cautiously" on the issue
As it seeks consensus amongst political parties on the issue of the women’s reservation Bill, the government on Thursday said it is committed to getting the legislation passed in Parliament.
“We have to evolve a consensus on the issue of women’s reservation. We have seen the earlier experience also, but my party is committed to this (the Bill), we will see how it can progress,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu said at the Assocham awards function here.
Mr. Naidu, however, declined to give any time frame for bringing the Bill in Parliament and said the NDA government would move “forward cautiously” on the issue.
“I cannot give any time frame because it is not to be decided by one party. It needs broader support and consensus among all political parties. You need an amendment as well,” he said when asked whether the Bill would be introduced in the upcoming winter session of Parliament.
“We have to talk to different parties, take them on board and then move forward. We have had bitter experiences earlier ... on the discussion of the Bill. Keeping that in mind, we have to move forward cautiously,” he said.
Regarding the opposition to the Bill, Mr. Naidu said without naming anybody that, “Some men have their own way of obstructing the progress of women and are determined to deprive them of opportunities.
“The issue of women’s reservation is one such example. For long have we been talking of giving one-third share to women in the Assemblies and in Parliament. Why should anybody grudge giving just one-third seats to women when they are equal in number.”
Hoping for the speedy enactment of the law, Mr. Naidu said, “I strongly feel that the women’s reservation Bill needs to be taken forward to its logical conclusion. Earlier the better.”
About 35 women achievers from across the country were honoured by the Assocham Ladies League at the event.
Mr. Naidu said that the role of women in society should be recognised and all hurdles towards their empowerment should be removed.
“Women are on a par with men... Whatever few hurdles there are shall be brought down quickly. I hope that day is not too far.
“It is one thing to hold women in high esteem but what is more important is to accord them due space, share and status,” Mr. Naidu said.
“It is patently false to suggest that, by nature, men are more capable than women. These days, in umpteen numbers of areas, women are outdoing men,” he added.

Bull run may be over if Nifty fails to sustain 8000You are here: Home > Collections > Expiry
Expect volatile October series; Bank Nifty Index may crack
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 01.15PM IST
Tags:
("Open interest concentration…)
By Mohammed Sabir
MUMBAI: The October series is expected to be volatile due to less trading sessions, says Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst , Anand Rathi . In an email response to economictimes.com, he said the short rollovers in banks future is a cause of concern for the Bank Nifty.
Q: We have seen seven consecutive positive series. Will this series be the eighth one?
We have seen seven consecutive positive series from Feb 14 to August and as per the option data, we are expecting the September series to expire at higher levels as well. August expiry close was 7,954 and we are expecting it to close above those levels.
Q: What are the key levels you are observing for the expiry day trade?
Open interest concentration are indicating immediate hurdle at 8,050. Next major hurdle is seen in the 8,100-8,120 zone. It is likely to hold 7,980-7,950 levels.
Q: What is the view for October series as per recent data?
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs. The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rallym then the immediate trend may end).
Q: How is the rollover data?
Nifty future has seen rollover of 61.72 per cent for current (September) series compared to 56.01 per cent in August series (one day before the expiry). Total rollover of August series was 73.41 per cent.
In this series, we are expecting total rollover to be around 70 per cent. Rollover is almost in line with the last six-month average in terms of percentage as well as in terms of the number of contacts.
Q: Your view on sector-wise rollovers?
Infrastructure, pharma, capital goods, cement, oil & gas, media, technology, textile, fmcg and finance sector are leading sector-wise rollover. Lower rolls are seen in telecom, power, realty, banking and metals sector stocks.
Bank Nifty futures have been forming a tower top formation. Sustained supply has been seen between 16,250 and 16,350 zones. It has support at 15,555 zones. The immediate hurdle is at 16,000 and then at 16,100 levels.
VWAP of the Bank Nifty index is at 16,100 levels. Short rolls are seen and that is the cause of concern for the Bank Nifty index.
Q: Any trading idea to play the expiry day with limited risk?
Hind Unilever: At a new life-time high, up by 3 per cent in this series, built up of long with aggressive short covering. Trade in 760 strikes to play the momentum with limited risk.
Coal India: It took support at falling trend line on daily chart. Now Rs 335 would act as a strong support, upside move led by short covering may be seen in the stock. Trade with Rs 350 strike call if holds Rs 350 levels.
Cipla: The stock is the top Nifty 50 gainer of the month. One can trade in Rs 600 strike call for upswing.
Aditya Birla Nuvo: The stock is among the top F&O gainers of the month. Even after the market pressure it is holding the gains. Once above Rs 1,740, traders can go for a fresh long position.
Wipro: The stock is near to all major hurdles and is set for a fresh breakout. We have a negative bias on all infrastructure and real estate stocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  promises to fast-track economic growth trajectory: India IncE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil groups R&D spending under threatOil majors’ R&D into conventional and renewable energy at risk
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c69618a0-4050-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Women outnumbered men throughout human historyUpdated: September 25, 2014 17:25 IST
‘Women outnumbered men throughout human history’
IANS
The Hindu In developments which could lead to books on human evolutionary history being rewritten, new DNA analysis has found that women outnumbered men throughout humanity. File photo
TOPICS
human science
Practices such as polygyny resulted in females making a larger genetic contribution to the global population than males did, according to a paper appeared in the journal “Investigative Genetics”.
In developments which could lead to books on human evolutionary history being rewritten, new DNA analysis has found that women outnumbered men throughout humanity.
Studying DNA samples of 623 males from 51 populations around the world, researchers took the DNA samples from each male and compared the paternally inherited Y chromosome (NRY) with mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), passed by mothers to their children.
The genetic findings offered evidence of polygyny — when one man has many wives, Live Science reported.
These practices resulted in females making a larger genetic contribution to the global population than males did, the study noted.
According to the findings, females migrated more than males did, spreading their female mitochondrial DNA far and wide and reducing genetic variability between populations.
Men stayed put which resulted in their sons having distinct genes in each population.
“For much of human history, a greater proportion of women in the population reproduced relative to men,” explained lead researcher Mark Stoneking, a professor from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany.
The paper appeared in the journal Investigative Genetics.

Apple pulls back faulty updateApple: iPhone software fix 'in a few days'
By Gregory Wallace   @gregorywallace September 24, 2014: 3:14 PM ET
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apple's first update to its recently released iPhone software didn't go so well.
It withdrew the software update Wednesday following widely reported issues that left some unable to use their phone.
After the update, the phones were unable to connect to cellular networks and the fingerprint reader, a security feature, did not work.
"We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update," the company said in a statement, adding it was "actively investigating."
Apple later released a statement saying that reinstalling the original version of iOS 8, known as iOS 8.0, would provide a temporary fix for the problem, and giving instructions to users how to do so using its iTunes service. Some users had posted on Apple's online support message boards that their phones were working again after completely resetting the phones.
It also said a new version of iOS 8, version 8.0.2, which it said will include a fix for the problem, will be available "in the next few days."
The iOS 8 software released last week, shortly before the latest iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became available. Users have reported other issues, such as problems connecting to the phone using Bluetooth .
First Published: September 24, 2014: 3:14 PM ET
Most Popular

Branson offers unlimited vacationBranson: Take as much vacation as you want!
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 24, 2014: 1:18 PM ET
 
Branson's jaw-dropping vacation policy
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Billionaire businessman Richard Branson has just given his office staff a big reason to celebrate: they can now take as much vacation as they like.
Employees at Branson's Virgin Group can take unlimited vacation whenever they want, provided they work at one of the main offices in New York, London, Geneva or Sydney.
For now, the new policy will apply to roughly 160 employees.
Branson said Virgin subsidiaries would be encouraged to follow suit if the experiment is successful.
"Take a holiday whenever you want. Take as much holiday as you want. We're not going to keep a check on how much holiday you take," he said in a CNN interview.
Companies in which Virgin owns a stake, including Virgi n Galactic and Virgin America , employ as many as 40,000 people.
Related: Unlimited vacation days and other perks you don't get
However, the apparent giveaway may not be as generous at it seems.
The lack of a formal policy can leave some people feeling pressured to take less time off, rather than more.
Branson, who is also the author of 'The Virgin Way,' said in a blog post that he assumes staff will only take time off when they're up to date with their work, and feel their absence won't damage the business or their careers.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ), which gives its employees unlimited holiday time.
"Treat people as human beings, give them that flexibility and I don't think they'll abuse it. And they'll get the job done," Branson told CNN during a segment set to air on Erin Burnett OutFront later this week.
 
Vacation like a duchess at Chatsworth
Vacation policies are at the center of a debate about work-life balance as more employees routinely work late into the night on their smartphones.
Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim has called for a three-day work week . In return, workers would have to complete 11-hour days and stay on the job until age 70 or 75.
Policies on working time and vacation vary widely around the world.
European nations typically guarantee workers more down time than the U.S.
"The amount of holidays people are given in the States is dreadful," the British-born Branson told CNN. "How can you find time to get to know your children if you're working with very very little holiday time?"
First Published: September 24, 2014: 9:32 AM ET
Most Popular

Govt lacks political honesty: Cong on  Make in India  campaignComments
Terming the government's "Make in India" campaign as "mere repackaging and rebranding" of the earlier initiatives taken during the UPA rule, Congress on Thursday accused the Centre of "lacking political honesty".
"It is surprising that there is nothing new in it. It is just repackaging and rebranding the initiatives that were taken up during the UPA government.
"This staged event conveys lack of political honesty in correctly informing the nation that these steps were taken by the UPA government," party spokesperson and former commerce minister Anand Sharma said.
His reaction came after Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the campaign, saying his government's focus will be on physical infrastructure creation as well as creating a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.
Holding that in the last two-three years "companies were looking to move out of country", Modi said the three months of the NDA government has reversed the mood with its focus on easing the process of doing business in the country.
Congress leader Sharma, however, reminded that the Union Cabinet had in October 2011 itself approved the National Manufacturing Policy when the UPA government was in power.
Regarding the Prime Minister's remarks that his government's focus will be on physical infrastructure creation as also on a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods, Sharma said that there were already portals of Invest India, which cover every continent and they have already signed 12 MoUs.
"There is a dedicated portal, which was launched at the Africa-India Forum Summit in Addis Ababa in May 2011," the former Commerce Minister said. He said that the government is talking of things like manufaturing and others as if they are new and did not exist in the past, which is "far away from the truth".

Mallya drops out of India s 100 richest clubMallya drops out of India's 100 richest club
PTI  Singapore, September 25, 2014
First Published: 17:27 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:31 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya is no longer a member of India's 100 Richest club, even as fortunes of the country's uber-rich have seen a significant growth since last year.
Mallya, who has been declared as 'wilful defaulter' by lenders following huge debts on his Kingfisher Airlines, is missing from the Forbes latest list of 100 richest released on Thursday. He was ranked at 84th position in 2013, with a net worth of $800 million. With a record $1 billion as the minimum net worth this year, as many as 11 persons dropped out of this year's list including Mallya.
"The flamboyant Vijay Mallya, who was tagged by his bankers as a "willful defaulter," also dropped off," Forbes said.
The drop-offs this year also include, Brij Bhushan Singal, whose Bhushan Steel's shares tanked after son Neeraj was arrested in a corruption scandal, Forbes said. In sharp contrast, the combined net worth of India's 100 wealthiest is $346 billion, up from more than a third from $259 billion in 2013, thanks to soaring stock markets which have gained 28 per cent since January this year.
Earlier in March 2013, Mallya was dropped from Forbes global rich list, while he had moved out of the billionaire league way back in 2012.
Amid huge debt burden and mounting losses at Kingfisher Airlines, Mallya's fortunes has been declining continuously over the recent years.
The airline owes Rs. 7,600 crore to 17 banks. In February 2012, the banks had formally declared loan recall on KFA and began recovery process. They have recovered around Rs. 2,000 crore by selling pledged shares.
Already, United Bank of India has won a legal backing on its decision to declare Mallya and other top executives of the airline as "wilful defaulters". India's largest bank SBI has also sent a notice to tag them as "wilful defaulters".
State-run PNB and IDBI Bank, and private lenders Federal Bank and Axis Bank are also in the process of doing the same.
Burdened with huge losses and large debts, Kingfisher Airlines stopped flying in October 2012 and its flying licence also lapsed about two months later.
About Mallya Forbes India in October 2012 had said that the 'king of good times' is having nothing but bad times lately.

Sensex  Nifty drop to 1 month lows as stocks fall for third daySensex, Nifty drop to 1 month lows as stocks fall for third day
PTI  Mumbai, September 25, 2014
First Published: 17:30 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:30 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
Slumping for third straight day, the Sensex dropped 276 points and Nifty fell over 90 points to end at one-month lows on Thursday as metal, power and banking bluechips crumbled due to coal mines deallocation while the oil and gas sector was hit by selling on deferment of a hike in gas price.
Investor confidence appeared to plummet as heavy selling was seen mostly across-the-board. Not just blue-chips, two-tier counters too bore the brunt of a heavy sell-off, said traders.
Realty, capital goods, auto and consumer durable shares were also at the receiving end, they added. Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced market sentiments.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex initially touched a high of 26,814.20 on the back of firm Asian cues prompted by strong closing on Wall Street on Wednesday after robust US housing data for August.
Later, however, emergence of selling pulled it down to a low of 26,349.55 before recovering some ground and concluding at one-month low of 26,468.36, a fall of 276.33 points or 1.03%.
In straight three days, it has plunged by 738.38 points or 2.71%.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "For the third session in row, local indices fell. ONGC and RIL lost over 3 per cent each as government deferred decision on gas price hike. Indices are heading towards to post its first weekly fall in seven weeks."  
As many as 23 Sensex stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI, Hindalco, BHEL and ICICI Bank. However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers.
Similarly, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also settled sharply down by 90.55 points at its one-month low of 7,911.85.
It has logged an intra-day low of 7,877.35.
Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling 214 mines.
"We believe that the coal block cancellation could adversely impact India's nascent economic recovery...The impact will be felt across various channels and lead to a rise in non-performing assets of banking sector, an increase in the cost of coal and in turn a rise in power tariffs...," said India Ratings & Research.
Mixed Asian as well as European markets amid selling by foreign funds for the second day in a row also weighed on the sentiment. Liquidity flow from FIIs seems to be slowing down as FPIs/FIIs yesterday sold shares worth Rs. 793.65 crore.

Google responds to News Corp attackGoogle issues detailed response to News Corp attack
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8a2b682-44a6-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP trying to divide people  Modi unable to stop incursion by China: Nitish KumarNitish Kumar said BJP leaders have become 'arrogant'.
Press Trust of India | Jind | Posted: September 25, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:43 pm
Former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday hit out at BJP, accusing it of practicing divisive politics and charged the Narendra Modi-led government with doing “nothing” to prevent Chinese incursion into Indian territory.
“He (Narendra Modi) had said during Lok Sabha elections that Indian land under China’s control will be freed and lesson will be taught to Pakistan.
“During the recent visit of China’s President Xi Jinping to India, Chinese army entered into Indian territory. We want to know where is the 56-inch chest now. What happened today when Chinese army is entering our territory. Nothing is happening,” Kumar said.
He was addressing ‘Samman’ rally organised by INLD to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Devi Lal here.
“They (BJP) talk of development while sitting in Delhi, but at lower level, they try to divide people,” Kumar alleged.
He said BJP leaders have become “arrogant” as their senior leaders like L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi have not been given “respectable” place in the party.
“After winning (Lok Sabha) polls, BJP leaders have become arrogant. They do not have respect for their old and senior leaders like L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi. What kind of tradition they are following,” he said.
Former chief minister of Haryana and INLD chief Om Parkash Chautala, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and former prime minister H D Deve Gowda were also present at the rally.
Kumar said within a short span of time after coming to power at the Centre, BJP has faced “humiliating” defeats in by-polls of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.
“They should know that people do not want divisive politics,” the former Bihar Chief Minister said.
Kumar asked like-minded political outfits to unite and bring positive change in the country’s political landscape.
“In the new political situation, there is a big challenge. The kind of political atmosphere we are having, we should unite and everybody should come together,” he said.
Kumar said seeing the “huge” gathering at the birth anniversary of Chaudhary Devi Lal, it is now clear that people have made up their mind to support his party to help it form the next government in Haryana.
Kumar said he was confident that Chautala would come out of all “problems” he was facing and the state would get an able leadership.
Speaking at the event, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal urged people to vote for INLD candidates to help the party form government in Haryana, even as SAD supports BJP in Punjab.
“We have very old relations with the family of Chaudhary Devi Lal and INLD. I pray to the almighty that in forthcoming
Haryana assembly polls, INLD forms the government in the state,” Badal said.
SAD is an ally of INLD in Haryana and has nominated two candidates from Kalianwali and Ambala City seats for the
October 15 polls.

Iraqi woman activist killed by Islamic Statefighters from the Islamic State group parade in a commandeered Iraqi security forces vehicle down a main road in the northern city of Mosul, Iraq. (Source:AP)
Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: September 25, 2014 6:27 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 6:31 pm
Militants with the Islamic State group publicly killed a rights lawyer in the Iraqi city of Mosul after finding her guilty of apostasy in a self-styled Islamic court, the United Nations said on Thursday.
Samira Salih al-Nuaimi was seized from her home on Sep 17 after allegedly posting messages on Facebook that were critical of the militants’ destruction of religious sites in Mosul. Her Facebook page appears to have been removed since her death.
According to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq, al-Nuaimi was tried in a so-called “Sharia court” for apostasy, after which she was tortured for five days before the militants sentenced her to public execution.
“By torturing and executing a female human rights’ lawyer and activist, defending in particular the civil and human rights of her fellow citizens in Mosul, ISIL continues to attest to its infamous nature, combining hatred, nihilism and savagery, as well as its total disregard of human decency,” Nickolay Mladenov, the UN envoy to Iraq, said in a statement, referring to the group by an acronym.
The militant group captured Iraq’s second largest city Mosul during its rapid advance across the country’s north and west in June, as Iraqi security forces melted away. The extremists now rule a vast, self-declared caliphate straddling the Syria-Iraq border in which they have imposed a harsh version of Islamic law and beheaded and massacred their opponents.
In the once-diverse city of Mosul the group has forced religious minorities to convert to Islam, pay special taxes or die, causing tens of thousands to flee. The militants have enforced a strict dress code on women, going so far as to veil the faces of female mannequins in store fronts.
In August, the group destroyed a number of historic landmarks in the town, including several mosques and shrines, claiming they promote apostasy.
The Gulf Center for Human Rights said yesterday that al-Nuaimi had worked on detainee rights and poverty. The Bahrain-based rights organisation said her death “is solely motivated by her peaceful and legitimate human rights work, in particular defending the civil and human rights of her fellow citizens in Mosul.”
The militants’ rapid advance eventually prompted US airstrikes last month to aid Kurdish forces and protect religious minorities in Iraq.
This week a newly formed US-led coalition expanded the aerial campaign into Syria, where the Islamic State group is battling President Bashar Assad’s forces as well as Western-backed rebels.
 
By torturing and executing a female human rights' lawyer and activist, ISIL continues to attest to its infamous nature.

Emami acquires RasoiUpdated: September 25, 2014 18:39 IST
Emami acquires Rasoi
merger, acquisition and takeover
Emami Biotech Ltd., the edible oil and bio-diesel arm of the Rs. 8,000 cr Emami Group of Companies has entered into an agreement on Thursday, with Kolkata-based Rasoi Limited, the edible oil arm of Rasoi Group to acquire ‘RASOI’, a brand with a rich legacy of 50 years that continues to be one of the most trusted brands of Vanaspati and edible oil in India. The acquisition will be an addition to the Company’s existing portfolio of edible oil brands such as ‘Emami Healthy & Tasty’ and ‘Himani Best Choice’.
Commenting on the development, Aditya V. Agarwal, Director, Emami Group said “Rasoi is a heritage brand that enjoys very strong brand equity. It is a leading Vanaspati brand in West Bengal and one of the leading producers of Vanaspati in India that enjoys a strong legacy of consumer trust. With the acquisition of the ‘Rasoi’ brand, we would be adding Vanaspati to our existing portfolio, enabling us to offer a wide range of choices to our consumers.”
Manish Goenka, Director, Emami Group added “Emami Biotech is poised to be a Rs.5000 cr company by end of this financial year. The acquisition of Rasoi brand is part of our inorganic growth plan and has been funded internally. This is line with our overall growth strategy to emerge as the one of the top three edible oil companies in India.”
Rasoi Spokesperson said, “Rasoi is a brand which we had built over the years with a lot of commitment and hard work. Today it commands a strong consumer loyalty. Therefore, we were looking for an entity that can carry on this hard earned legacy. Emami Biotech Ltd, with its wide experience in the sphere of edible oil business has built powerful oil brands like Emami Healthy & Tasty. We are happy that we are handing over Rasoi brand to Emami Biotech Ltd who has every potential to take it to greater height.”
On this occasion, Sudhakar Desai, CEO, Emami Biotech Ltd said, “Our primary focus would be to leverage the brand’s consumer good will. Rasoi brand has a strong potential of both geographic and category expansion. Hence, we have plans to strengthen its distribution network across the length & breadth of the country and establish it as a front running Vanaspati brand nationally. Going forward, we plan to diversify and grow the brand “Rasoi” into other range of cooking oils and even into other categories and products leveraging the legacy of trust earned over last 50 years across households.

Adani gets Australian approval for rail projectUpdated: September 25, 2014 18:31 IST
Adani gets Australian approval for rail project
Reuters
economy, business and finance
Adani Mining on Thursday took a step closer to the development of Australian $2.2 billion ($1.94 billion) coal mining project in Australia after the federal government approved construction of a rail haulage line.
The Australian unit of Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the 300-km (186-mile) line, after last month gaining clearance from the state of Queensland.
Known as the North Galilee Basin Rail project, it is being designed to connect collieries owned by Adani and potentially other developers in the largely unpopulated Galilee Basin to the east coast port of Abbot Point.
Despite analyst views that Adani’s project would be unprofitable at current coal prices, the company remains committed to pushing ahead with it to supply power stations in India.
India is home to the world’s fifth-largest coal reserves but still needs to resort to imports as state-owned Coal India , which accounts for about 80 per cent of the country’s output, frequently falls short of its output target.
“Today’s approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition from approvals to the build phase,’’ said Jeyakumar Janakaraj, Adani Mining Chief Executive.
Environmental groups have protested against Adani and Indian company GVK Hancock developing mines in the Galilee Basin as it could require dumping sand within the boundaries of the Great Barrier Reef to allow for the expansion of a nearby coal port.
Earlier this month, Adani and GVK Hancock agreed to resubmit proposals offering alternative dumping sites on land

Indian market turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh crore levelIndian market turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh crore level
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 07.05PM IST
Tags:
Bank Nifty
(Nearly 1.36 crore derivative…)
MUMBAI: The Indian capital markets' turnover today rose to record high level of about Rs 8.2 lakh crore, amid monthly expiry of derivative contracts.
BSE recorded total daily turnover of Rs 2,93,526.31 crore, while that at NSE rose to Rs 5,32,612 crore -- taking the combined total for the entire Indian capital markets to Rs 8,26,138.31 crore.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) said its total futures and options (F&O) turnover scaled a record high of Rs 5,32,612 crore today, surpassing the previous high of Rs 441,534.45 crore that it had touched on July 10, 2014.
Nearly 1.36 crore derivative contracts were traded on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) amounting to a F&0 turnover of Rs 5.32 lakh crore, record high for a day, the bourse said.
Index options touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore as a part of the total derivative turnover on NSE today. On July 10, index options turnover had touched a high of Rs 3.32 lakh crore.
The total turnover at BSE rose to Rs 2,93,526.31 crore at the end of trade up from Rs 2,24,870.16 crore yesterday.
In the equity market, the BSE benchmark Sensex as well as NSE's Nifty closed with sharp losses.
Meanwhile, NSE also that the total Bank Nifty turnover touched Rs 65,470 crore, while the turnover for Bank Nifty Options hit a record of Rs 55,250 crore. Bank Nifty turnover is a subset of total equity derivative turnover on the exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple iPhone rollout marred by bendgate  dropped cell serviceSAN FRANCISCO, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 23:29 IST
Apple iPhone rollout marred by ‘bendgate’, dropped cell service
Reuters
new service
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans
Two new Apple products hit speed bumps on Wednesday: iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovered their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulled its latest mobile operating system after reports of dropped cellular service.
‘Bendgate’, as the problem has already been dubbed on social media sites, is a reminder of 2010’s ‘antennagate’, when iPhone 4 users reported a design flaw that caused dropped calls.
Apple did not comment on the bending-phone reports. But it did announce that it was investigating reports of an issue with an update of its iOS 8 operating system and in the meantime had pulled the version designated 8.0.1.
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans, according to reports on Facebook and Twitter. The phrase “Your pants are too tight for your phone’’ has already received hundreds of mentions.
Some say the device, which has a lightweight aluminium shell, is more malleable than expected, but that might fall short of a design flaw, according to analysts.
Overall, evaluators seem flummoxed.
“A ‘bendability test’ hasn’t been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue,’’ said a spokesman at SquareTrade.
SquareTrade, which provides warranties to iPhone users, said it planned more tests later on Wednesday.
Reports on the quirk first surfaced on Unbox Therapy, a gadget-review show on YouTube.
Brandwatch, a company that tracks and analyses data from social media sites, said only a small number of people tweeted about the ‘bend’ in the days leading up to September 22. But after the release of the YouTube video, which had racked up over 6 million views by mid-day Wednesday, Twitter mentions of the ‘bend’ had skyrocketed to 75,000.
Tweets are flying about the ‘bend in your pocket’, the challenge of wearing ‘tight pants’, and that the iPhone 6 Plus bends ‘with bare hands’, said Brandwatch spokeswoman Dinah Alobeid.
Another key topic, she said, is a comparison with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone, which has nearly 4,500 mentions.
Apple spokespeople did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but at least one rival smartphone maker jumped at the chance to weigh in.
“I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport,’’ John Chen, Blackberry’s Chief Executive Officer, said on Wednesday at an event in Toronto to unveil its newest phone.
On Monday, Apple said it had shipped 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus since it began selling the phone on Friday.
Releases iOS 8 workaround
Apple Inc released a workaround for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users who reported a drop in cellular service and the inability to use the fingerprint reading Touch ID after downloading the iOS 8.0.1 mobile operating system. Apple said it would release iOS 8.0.2 in the next few days to fix the issue. In the meantime, it offered step-by-step instructions to reinstall iOS 8 using iTunes. (http://support.apple.com/ kb/HT6487)
The company said users should make sure that they are using the latest version of iTunes before reinstalling iOS 8. Apple said its health app would not work in iOS 8 after these steps, but would be fixed in iOS 8.0.2.
The company pulled the iOS 8 system after users took to microblogging site Twitter to post their complaints.

Modi leaves for US  hopes visit will boost tiesModi calls US ‘vital partner for national development'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 15:08 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:04 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
Calling the US India’s “vital partner for national development”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday left for New York and said he is confident that the five-day trip will mark a new chapter in bilateral strategic ties.
“I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology, innovation and, above all, a shared commitment to human values,” Modi said in his departure statement.
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
 
The PM said he will discuss with US President Barack Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a “new level”.
In New York, Modi will deliver his maiden address at the UN General Assembly on Saturday. In his address, he said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing the challenges of a fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, the growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
“I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st century,” he said.
Watch: Modi leaves for 5 day visit to United States
Modi will also be meeting 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast on September 29 apart from one-on-one meetings with six more business captains the same day.
Referring to his scheduled address at the Madison Square Garden in New York on September 28, Modi said he was keenly awaiting the opportunity to meet the Indian-American community.

Smriti Irani launches  Swachh Bharat Swachh Vidyalaya  campaignPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:22 pm
With an aim to promote awareness on hygiene, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani on Thursday launched a campaign under ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ programme, where she joined the students and teachers in cleaning the school campus.
Irani, who launched the programme at a Kendriya Vidyalaya School here, used broom and shovel to clean the ground. She asked all to become part of the mission and put their best effort for the success of the campaign.
Under the ‘Swachh Bharat, Swachh Vidyalaya’ campaign, schools with the highest green rating would be felicitate with a cash prize of Rs one lakh.
The campaign at motivating students and making them realise that hygienic way of living was the best way. The campaign will go on till October 31 in the schools, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) said in a statement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also slated to release a booklet on sanitation on October 2, when he launches the ‘Swachh Bharat Mission, promoting behavioural changes in children.
An important component of the mission is the construction of toilets in schools. The seven states, which account for 80 per cent of the schools without toilets, have been asked to start building toilets from October 2, when the ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ would be launched.
The states include Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar and Assam.
The state governments would initiate construction of toilets in 25,000 schools on October 2, under the ‘Sarva Siksha Abhiyan’ and ‘Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan programme, officials in the HRD Ministry said.
States would also be advised to periodically monitor the functionality of toilets and take up repair and maintenance work, they said.
The Ministry has also asked higher educational institutes to join the campaign.
An important component of the mission is the construction of toilets in schools.

CommonFloor looks to scale up businessUpdated: September 25, 2014 19:37 IST
CommonFloor looks to scale up business
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
Leading real estate portal CommonFloor.com plans to scale up its business in the backdrop of an improvement in the fortunes of the Indian real estate sector.
The company last week received $30 million from its existing investor Tiger Global and recently raised Rs.64 crore from Tiger Global and Accel India. “There has been a pick-up in sentiment in real estate with a slew of new launches,” Sumit Jain, CEO, CommonFloor.com, told this correspondent. “The customer profile is becoming younger and there are several satellite cities coming up where young professionals prefer to rent apartments.”
Mr. Jain said the current round of funding would be used to invest in technology. “Our main thrust is providing information and our capital is directed there. We offer tools to builders to market their properties from floor plans to ‘virtual walk throughs’ of properties and drone services to take pictures of panoramic views of planned high rises to engage with customers. Our aim is to become a large effective platform, and not be a property broker.”
The competitive strength of the portal was the quality of listings, the number of listings and the tools offered, he added. CommonFloor.com has over a lakh projects listed on the portal which also has more than 4 lakh active listings on its site. “We are approaching an inflexion point in our business. We grew at 100 per cent in the last six months and are targeting 10 lakh listings by March 2016,” Mr. Jain said.
It offers listings of properties in 200 cities and has 18 offices in different cities. It plans to increase the number of offices to 40 by 2016. “The aim is to cover million-plus population cities and also the emerging ‘smart cities’.”
On future funding plans, Mr. Jain said the plans were fully funded for the next two years. “The latest round has allowed us to shift gears successfully. There are certainly plans for an initial public offering (IPO) in future to allow our investors an exit route.”

Nearly 100 Morsi supporters jailed in EgyptPress Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: September 25, 2014 7:48 pm
Nearly 100 Muslim Brotherhood supporters in Egypt were on Thursday handed down stiff jail terms for upto 25 years after being found guilty of violence during protests supporting ousted Islamist President Mohamed Morsi.
A court sentenced 73 Muslim Brotherhood supporters in absentia to 15 years in prison for inciting violence in Kafr el-Sheikh police station last year.
Nine other defendants were sentenced to 10 years in prison, while 4 others were sentenced to a year in prison.
The defendants were found guilty of illegal assembly, attempted murder, vandalism, stealing a gun from a policeman and possessing illegal arms in the Delta province of Kafr-el-Sheikh following the ouster of Morsi in 2013.
In a separate case, a criminal court sentenced four Islamists to 10 years in prison and six others to seven years and a year in prison for a minor, for inciting violence in Shubra el-Kheyma police station last year.
Also, two Muslim Brotherhood leaders, Hossam Marghani and Abdullah Barakat, were sentenced to 25 years in prison and were fined 20,000 Egyptian pounds for inciting violence in Qalioub city which led to the death of two persons.
Both defendants were sentenced to death in absentia in the same case earlier, but were present on Thursday and got a reduced sentence.
In July, a court had sentenced Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie and 36 others to life in prison, and confirmed death sentences for 10 others.
Badie, convicted of involvement in deadly protests, had already received death sentences in two other cases in a crackdown on Muslim Brotherhood supporters after Morsi was overthrown by the army in a coup last year.
Morsi himself is currently in prison over charges of killing peaceful protesters, espionage, escaping from prison during the Egyptian Revolution in 2011, and insulting the judiciary.
He is also charged with spying and handing sensitive documents concerning national security to Qatari intelligence through the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera news channel.
So far Morsi has not been sentenced in any case but faces a possible death penalty if the charges are proved.

Maha polls: BJP ends alliance with Sena | Alliance to remain intact at Centre: SenaBharatiya Janata Party
("Shiv Sena never gave a suitable…)
MUMBAI: BJP today snapped its ties with its oldest saffron partner Shiv Sena after failure of talks on seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, ending a 25-year-old ideological alliance that had survived various vicissitudes.
The messy break up, which came after days of hectic parleys on seat-sharing between the leaders of both parties and their smaller allies has dramatically changed the scene in the state that has witnessed direct fight between two fronts-- Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP--in the last 15 years.
"The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, which lasted over 25 years, has ended," senior State BJP leader Eknath Khadse told reporters at the party office here tonight.
The announcement came after failure of seat-sharing talks between the two prominent partners of the six-party `Mahayuti' (grand) alliance, with just two days left to file nominations for the polls in 288 Assembly constituencies.
Buoyed by the Lok Sabha results in which the BJP-Sena alliance won 42 of the 48 seats, BJP upped the ante and demanded 135 which the Sena was not willing to give. Sena responded saying it would leave only 119 seats it had contested earlier but later agreed to concede a few more seats.
BJP later climbed down to 130. Describing the break-up as "unfortunate", Rajiv Pratap Rudy, party in-charge for Maharashtra, blamed the "inflexible attitude" of the Sena for the split.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis said the decision to part ways with the Sena was "unfortunate" and "taken with a heavy heart."
The Sena is the second constituent (after Haryana Janhit Congress) of the NDA to part ways with BJP after Amit Shah became its President in July.
There is speculation that Sena Lok Sabha MP Anant Geete may quit as Union Minister following today's developments.
"There was so less time to file papers and out talks with Sena weren't progressing. All proposals which came from Sena during the last 20-22 days of talks centred only on a specific number of seats and the issue of Chief Ministership," said Khadse, Leader of Opposition in the outgoing Assembly.
Fadnavis said, "Today, they came with another proposal but said the discussion cannot progress beyond a certain number."
Leader of Opposition in Legislative Council Vinod Tawde of BJP said the Sena proposal was discussed in the party's Core Committee meeting here today. "With so less time left to file nominations, it was decided to take this painful decision."
"We agreed to disagree (with Sena)," said Tawde, one of the BJP leaders who was involved in numerous rounds of negotiations with the Uddhav Thackeray-led outfit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi eyes jobs with Make in India campaignCheered by some of India’s top billionaires, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled a campaign on Thursday to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse, vowing to remove bureaucratic sloth and make the country more investor friendly.
 
The "Make in India" campaign is as much an invitation to domestic and foreign companies as a promise to rectify everything that has kept the country at almost the bottom of World Bank’s ‘ease of doing business’ index.
 
“(The) mantra of our government is that we want to trust each and every Indian. The atmosphere of trust can change a lot of things,” Modi said at the launch of his government’s flagship programme that came with a new web portal www.makeinindia.com emblazoned with logo of a prowling lion.
Watch: Modi launches 'Make in India' scheme
“We don’t want any industrialist being forced to leave India. (I) can say that we have been able to bring about a change in last few months.”
 
The government wants to boost the share of manufacturing in country’s gross domestic product to 25% from about 15% now, roughly the same share of the economy as peers like Brazil and Russia but less than China’s 32%.
 
Read: All about Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign
From energy shortages and land problems to ambiguous tax laws and byzantine labour rules, a barrage of hurdles have kept away large-scale private investments in what should otherwise count as a massive, attractive market, analysts said. Lack of cooperation between the federal and state governments also turns off investors.
 
“The real challenge lies in getting execution of projects right at the state level,” said Sunil Sinha, director India ratings at Fitch – a global rating agency.  “States will have to come around to reform laws, even at the level of local bodies, and proactively facilitate implementation of plans and policies drawn up by the Centre.”
 
Populous, and strategic, neighbour China’s manufacturing capabilities have long overshadowed India and the government's push for manufacturing comes at a time when many big companies are seeking an alternative to the Asian giant as costs and risks there rise.
 
For 64-year-old Modi, however, at stake is a key election promise to lift the lowest living standards among emerging markets by creating jobs for about 100 million young Indians who will enter the workforce over the next decade or so.
Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will boost ties
 
During 2005-12, India added only 15 million jobs, a quarter of the figure added in the previous six years.
 
"We don't need to invite the world to India, they are ready to come,” Modi told an audience of some of the country’s wealthiest tycoons, including Reliance Industries head Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man, Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistry and Wipro chairman Azim Premji.
 
It was a first-of-its kind assembly of top corporate leaders, who are pinning hopes on Modi and his government to steer the economy out of a prolonged slump.
 
Speaking before Modi, Ambani said the prime minister’s interactions “in Japan and anticipation of the visit to the USA (have) created a very positive environment,” adding that his company will hire 125,000 more people in the next 12-15 months.
 
AV Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said with the launch of the “Make in India” campaign India had embarked on a “landmark mission that coincides with the triumph in outer space.”
PM Narendra Modi unveils the "Make In India" logo pic.twitter.com/ldoQnEBpUw
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 25, 2014
                  
Modi, whose party opposes foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, articulated the contentious issue by saying that FDI also meant “first develop India” as much as it meant an opportunity for multinational companies to grow in India.
 
The government has identified 25 sectors, including automobile, aviation and construction that have potential to attract investment.
 
All ministries and state governments have been advised to introduce self-certification, while the home ministry will provide security clearances to investment proposals within 3 months.
 
The government plans to introduce a single labour law for small industries by December, while plans to initiate the other labour laws have already been initiated.
Read: Modi’s US visit could boost regional Asian ties
 
Asia's third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and Modi’s landslide election victory has raised hopes that he will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
Highlights of the mega launch event
Live Blog Make in India campaign launch
 
Watch: 'Make In India' to bring govt and industry closer: India Inc
 

Pope Francis sacks Paraguay bishop in new sex abuse scandalPope Francis
Agence-France Presse | Vatican City | Posted: September 25, 2014 8:42 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:44 pm
Pope Francis on on Thursday sacked a Paraguayan bishop who had been accused of protecting a suspected paedophile priest.
In an official statement, the Vatican said the removal of Ciudad del Este bishop Rogelio Livieres Plano had been a “painful decision taken for serious pastoral reasons.”
The decision to fire the conservative bishop follows a visit to Paraguay by a Vatican delegatation charged with investigating a case that had led to a public war-of-words between the South American country’s senior clerics.
Livieres had been publicly attacked by his colleagues in Paraguay for promoting and defending an Argentinian priest who has been accused of sexual abuse.
“This grave decision of the Holy See was taken for serious pastoral reasons and was motivated by the greater good of unity in the church of Ciudad del Este and the episcopal communion in Paraguay,” the Vatican statement said.
The Argentinian priest, Carlos Urrotigoity, had been named Livieres’s number two in the diocese, despite having been been accused of molesting minors while he was serving in a parish in Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The American diocese where he worked has publicly described him as “a serious threat to young people.”

NCP ends ties with CongressUpdated: September 26, 2014 03:48 IST
Maharashtra Assembly polls
NCP ends ties with Congress
Priyanka Kakodkar
Tweet
The Hindu NCP leaders Praful Patel and Ajit Pawar announce the end of alliance with the Congress on Thursday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Nationalist Congress Party leaders Sharad Pawar (L), Praful Patel and Chhagan Bhujbal at a meeting. File photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
The NCP seemed to be weighing its options based on news of a split within the saffron camp.
After 15 years in power in Maharashtra, the ruling Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance split on Thursday with the latter pulling out, accusing its senior ally of high-handedness during seat-sharing talks. The Congress however, alleged that the NCP’s decision to split was pre-planned.
Deputy Chief Minister and senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar directly blamed Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the break-up. “We have dealt with several Congress chief ministers. But this time we were ignored in seat-sharing talks and felt there was no option,” said Mr Pawar.
Union Minister Praful Patel said the Congress had taken the talks too casually and kept the NCP waiting for weeks on its demands. . “Even yesterday Mr Chavan spent the day in his constituency instead of being available for talks,”said Mr Patel.The NCP seemed to be weighing its options based on news of a split within the saffron camp. Their decision was announced minutes after the Bharatiya Janata Party parted ways with the Shiv Sena.
Congress leaders however feel that the NCP faction led by Ajit Pawar was determined to go solo from the very beginning and was not interested in striking an alliance. Mr Pawar has Chief Ministerial ambitions and also has an adversarial relationship with Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan.
After performing better than the Congress in the Lok Sabha, the NCP demanded 144 of the state’s 288 assembly seats. In 2009, it had contested 114. The Congress offered 124 and was prepared to strike a deal at 130 seats.
However on Tuesday, the NCP suddenly demanded that the Chief Minister’s post be shared by rotation for a 2.5 year term. “Demanding the CM’s post by rotation was a clear sign that the NCP was not interested in the alliance,” said a Congress Minister.
The split in the alliance will impact both parties who are already facing major anti-incumbency and the Modi wave which decimated both parties during the Lok Sabha polls. “We would have benefitted by staying together since the saffron camp had split but the NCP was not keen. They probably think they will do better than us,” said a senior Congress leader.

Bamiyan to be SAARC cultural capital for 2015NEW DELHI, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 26, 2014 08:03 IST
Bamiyan to be SAARC cultural capital for 2015
Anita Joshua
Tweet
AP This June 17, 2009 file photo, two women walk past the cliffs that once held giant Buddhas destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 in Bamiyan, central Afghanistan. The Taliban dynamited the huge Bamiyan Buddhas in March 2001, deeming them idolatrous and anti-Muslim. It was one of the regime's most widely condemned act.
TOPICS
culture (general)
India’s Project Mausam gets a fillip at Culture Ministers’ meet
Bamiyan, the Afghan town which shot into prominence when the Taliban blew up two ancient statues of the Buddha in 2001, has been selected to be the SAARC cultural capital for a year beginning April 2015. Dhaka will be the SAARC cultural capital in 2016-17.
This was decided at the SAARC Culture Ministers Conference which concluded here on Thursday. Finalising the cultural capitals for the next two years was part of the Delhi Resolution which was adopted at the conference while preparing a road map on cultural ties till 2017. The year 2016-17 will also be declared the SAARC Year of Cultural Heritage.
The SAARC countries also agreed to formulate proposals for transnational nominations for the World Heritage List and a regional list of heritage sites. India’s Project Mausam got a fillip as the Delhi Resolution agrees to recognise the impact and contribution of maritime routes and the monsoon as also other inland relations through centuries of trade, migration and colonialism.
In a measure aimed at promoting literature produced in local languages of the region, the Ministers decided to make them accessible to readers across the world through translations in not just English but SAARC languages.
Other areas of cooperation decided upon include promoting traditions unique to the region, digital mapping of historic sites in member countries, preparing inventories of cultural assets, preservation of folklore and other oral traditions besides a common entrance rate to monuments in the region for people from SAARC countries.

Like a streak of lightningUpdated: September 26, 2014 12:16 IST
Like a streak of lightning
Geetha Venkatramanan
Thank you Ji: Shrinivas with John McLaughlin.
U. Shrinivas with T.N. Seshagopalan
U. Shrinivas with Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan, Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and Maharajapuram Santhanam
Shrinivas with Anil Srinivasan and their friend Rajkumar Rajamani.
A young U. Shrinivas
U. Shrinivas with Zakir Hussain, Selva Ganesh and John McLaughlin
Mandolin U Shrinivas autograph.
Mandolin U. Shrinivas the child prodigy with then Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MG Ramachandran
U. Shrinivas with Ustad Sultan Khan
A. Kanyakumari.
Eminent music personalities pay their tributes to Mandolin. U.Shrinivas.
A. Kanyakumari:
“He rose like a meteor and has fallen like one,” violin exponent Kanyakumari thus describes the phenomenon called Shrinivas. “I played with him for 13 years and what an experience it was!”
A musician who loves challenges, Kanyakumari found her outings with the mandolin wizard absolutely thrilling. “He would play swaras in a rare raga, impromptu, and look at me with an impish smile. It was a delight to give a fitting reply on my instrument. Actually, the entire team would be on its toes and we loved it. He belonged to the rare breed of musicians that gave equal status to accompanists and revelled in the exchange,” says Kanyakumari.
“Prodigies we know and I have played with several but here was a mind that defied comparison. He was extraordinary. No two concerts of his were alike. He never played a raga the same way. And he appealed to audience of any kind. His music and charisma were such that listeners, the lay and the expert, were spellbound. It was divine, that tejas was unique; he was Subramanya and the mandolin was the lance. Only it poured nectar.
“Thanjavur Upendran brought his talent to light after listening to him at a temple. Shrinivas met with initial resistance but did not rest until he made Carnatic music rasikas accept the mandolin. He was proving something at every concert. And the rasikas adored him,” she says.
When and how did her long association with Shrinivas begin?
“The year was 1983. MLV was teaching at Rishi Valley. Shrinivas had just appeared on the scene and the students wanted to hear the mandolin. A concert was arranged and MLV trusted to me the task of handing over the advance. I went to his house but only met his mother. I didn’t accompany him in that concert.
“Soon, I got a call from Sangeeta Cassettes and I was requested to accompany Mandolin Shrinivas. I agreed and the partnership flourished till 1996. Along with Guruvayur Durai, Thanjavur Upendran, Srimushnam Rajarao and Sikkil Bhaskaran, we formed a wonderful team,” narrates Kanyakumari, who thinks they were privileged to be in the company of a prodigy at his peak.
Concert tours often entailed car travels into remote areas and they had such fun. “Full of life and zest, Shrinivas would spread laughter with his jokes and child-like observations.
And then would fall asleep leaning on one of us. He was Anjaneya upasaka and had impeccable manners, especially with elders.”
He was self-taught and during concert tours, would go to seniors and seek clarification on ragas that he was yet to master. “A single stroke on the violin would be enough for him to launch into a flawless exposition, informs Kanyakumari.
“He learnt many kirtanas, MLV bani, that way. Young and fresh, he absorbed everything effortlessly. The thirst for knowledge and relentless practice – he would be making polite conversation but the fingers would be caressing the mandolin – shaped his genius into an artist that wove magic. We seniors literally watched him grow and can’t believe that he is no more.”
Vikku Vinayakaram and Selva Ganesh:
Thirty five years ago, Thetakudi Harihara Vinayakaram or 'Vikku mama' as he is more popularly known as, went to play the ghatam at a concert in Vadapalani. He walked in with Thanjavur K Upendran who was going to play the mridangam for the same concert. Minutes before they were to go on stage, the organiser came up to them and asked, "A ten year old boy is going to play the mandolin. Why don't you listen to him?" They then sat and listened to U. Shrinivas strumming a kirtana on the mandolin, an instrument that had never entered a Carnatic music concert before that.
"That day, both Upendran and I felt that the little boy played the instrument remarkably well. In fact, Upendran then asked Shrinivas to play at a 'kalyana kutcheri' in Salem. Enthralled by his calibre, Upendran ensured that he was given more opportunities," recalls Vinayakaram.
A few years later, the young boy Shrinivas became a groupie of sorts playing among legends in the field of Carnatic music. At a concert in Krishna Gana Sabha, Shrinivas played the mandolin along with stalwarts like Sikkil. R. Bhaskaran, Vinayakaram, Upendran and Valangaiman Shanmugasundaram. "After that concert, Tamil Nadu Minister K. Rajaram came up to us and said "Nalu pulikku naduvla oru eli enna paadu padithiduthu!" (rough translation: What ruckus a little mouse created among four tigers!) narrates Vinayakaram.
If Vinayakaram was part of the team that sighted Shrinivas's genius for the first time, his son, Selva Ganesh got a chance to witness from close quarters how the mandolin maestro functioned. “In the fourteen years that I knew him, I got to know the side that believes in the power of the divine. He used to pray and meditate whenever he got the time. He strongly believed that as human beings we mustn’t expect anything. Whatever we deserve, we will get, he used to say,” recounts Selva.
For Selva, Shrinivas was God’s own child. “It would take two or three lifetimes to achieve what Shrinivas has achieved in forty years. He did not belong to this world.”
In 1999, Selva and Shrinivas along with the rest of the team of Remembering Shakti boarded a private jet that would take them on their musical tour. “I was just thinking about that journey and the kind of fun we used to have on the jet. Nobody could watch us there! I remember adding milagaipodi, thengaipodi, paruppupodi to a packet of chips and creating a mixture out of it. This, I made for Shrinivas ji.”
“He was always the first person to sleep on the jet. As soon as we’d get inside the plane, he’d fall asleep. Shankar (Mahadevan) and I would be envious of his ability to sleep whenever he wanted.”
During Shakti’s rehearsals, the kind of compositions that John Mclaughlin gave us weren’t easy, says Selva. “Normally, any musician would take around two or three weeks to master the pieces John gave us. Shrinivas took twenty minutes. After a mere 20 minutes, when John and Shrinivas played, they were in perfect sync! Till date, I haven’t seen anything like that in my life.”
Selva remembers the fabulous memory that Shrinivas had. “From the colour of the kurta I was wearing to the compositions we played, Shrinivas could remember everything with such precision. He would say things like ‘We’ve played that raga ten years ago. We cannot repeat it.’ How did he remember that!”
Selva’s favourite backstage memory of Shrinivas is the time when Shrinivas asked Zakir Hussain to bless him before they went on stage. “Zakir ji replied saying ‘You are born blessed.’”
Guruvayur Dorai
An emotional Dorai is at a loss for words. “They say he was 45. But to me he was always a child. Having accompanied him very early in his career, the image I have etched in my mind is that of a young artist with incredible talent. He had great affection for me and would seek my support in key concerts. Thus we performed together at the Rashtrapati Bhavan, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, New York and London.”
It may sound clichéd but Guruvayur Dorai emphasises – “Artists make indelible impressions with instruments, some becoming synonymous. But in Shrinivas’s case the mandolin adopted him.” This, from a man, who had his own doubts about the instrument’s suitability for Carnatic music only to be mesmerised.
Sembanarkoil S.R.G. Rajanna
Sembanarkoil S.R.G. Rajanna breaks down as he talks of his 30-year association with Shrinivas. “The Mandolin is dead. Put that down,” he says. “He brought it to this side of the world and has taken it with him. There is none who can play the instrument like he did. He was Chakravarti just as TNR was for the nagaswaram.”
Sembanarkoli Brothers and Shrinivas shared the platform on many occasions. “Valangaiman (Shanmugasundaram) and Haridwaramangalam (Pazhanivel) were his favourite accompanists. They knew how to keep in step with his sparkling but serene style.” Rajanna happened to attend a marriage reception where Shrinivas was performing. People streamed in, handed over gifts to the couple and wended their way to the dining hall. An upset Rajanna mentioned this to Shrinivas and he replied: “Your presence is equal to a million listeners, I’m happy.”
Anil Srinivasan:
Shrinivas was a child of God; His gentlest perhaps. He was much more than a master musician to me… he was my mentor, sounding board and a great friend. During my New York days, he would often visit me. Once, while in Seattle, he learnt I was unwell and slightly low on confidence. He landed in New York the following day and came to stay with me. I think I must be the only person who drank soup made by Shrinivas! Yes, he was so concerned that he tried to help me.
Small things gave him immense joy. Once, he made a request… he wanted to take a ride in the subway. So I got him a ticket and we took the ride. He was silent throughout, just observing the people. After we got out, he looked at me and said, “Can I ask you something?” And his question was “Do even the rich people take the train?” To my affirmative, he was amazed! That child-like wonder was one of his most endearing qualities. And of course that sweet smile! He also loved collecting DVDs. Once, he walked 10 blocks under the harsh afternoon sun to get a copy of the film ‘School of Rock,’ and watched it the same evening and giggled throughout even though he admitted he could not figure out quite a bit of the film. That was Shrinivas for you!
He loved my imitation of people. He would suddenly call me and ask me to imitate somebody. And then giggle non-stop.
Once during the recording of an album, he asked me to play a particularly complicated beat. He played it first and I had to follow suit. I played for 15 minutes. And looked up at him when the sound engineer asked, “Another take, right?” I realised I had got it all wrong, every note, every beat. But all Shrinivas said was, “No. What he played also sounds interesting. We can keep it for later.” And then he taught me to play the beat correctly!
Now, how can I accept that such a warm, compassionate and generous being will not call me up again on my next birthday at 6 in the morning, wish me and then ask, “Practise panniyacha?”
John McLaughlin
In a way, you could divide my life into -- Before Shrinivas, and After Shrinivas. I was 41 when I first saw Shrinivas. He was 14. If we are lucky, we get to meet one or two exceptional human beings in our lifetime. They inspire us, and he was one of them. My life was blessed as a result.
Within one minute of seeing and hearing his marvellous music, I knew I had to work and play with this person. It took some years. Finally in 1997, he was persuaded to join the group Shakti, and the fun began. His electric mandolin and my electric guitar were made for each other.
Of course, much rehearsal had to be done before touring, and after the rehearsals, Shrinivas and I would sit in the hotel room and simply play together, just the two of us.
He would ask me things like, “Ji, how do you articulate those double notes in the upper register? I would show him, and he would grasp it immediately, saying, ‘Thank you Ji, yes it's easy Ji, thank you!’ Then, I would ask him how he played those wonderful gamakas, and he would show me, but though easy for him, extremely difficult for me, but he had been a prodigy from the age of three.
Shrinivas had grown up listening to Shakti, and by the time he joined us, he had already written music for the group! He mastered the Shakti repertory with disconcerting ease, and always with his shining eyes and delightful smile... I miss him so...
He had received more honours than I've had hot dinners, and yet he was always simple and unpretentious. He had such humility it was almost embarrassing; before every concert, before going on stage, he would come to me to thank me for being in the group. He was almost too pure for this world, so of course, all the other musicians would tease him: he had his little idiosyncrasies, every time we would be in a restaurant, first thing he'd say, “Water please, room temperature, please.” So, of course, we'd bring the words ‘room temperature’ into the conversation whenever possible. Since he had a delightful sense of humour, we laughed a lot and frequently.
One particular concert, Shakti played in a town somewhere in the U.K. We could see that the audience hadn't the faintest idea what was going on stage, and there were some strange faces. For months afterwards, he would ask me, “Ji, show me the faces of THE CONCERT,” which I would do, and he would double up with laughter to the point of weeping.
Shrinivas the Great is gone, but Shrinivas will never leave us.
Pt. Hariprasad Chaurasia
I’ve never been this unhappy. The kind of fealty and hard work Shrinivas showcased was unparalleled. In my lifetime, I haven’t seen anyone with such talent. Even as a person, Shrinivas was unique. Few artists manage to be good human beings as well. He was respectful towards everyone. God has clearly made a mistake by taking him from us. Personally, I feel like someone has chopped my hand off. It won’t be the same playing my instrument again.
Dr. L. Subramaniam: I first heard of Shrinivas when he was still a child - it was great to see a prodigy which such depth in his music. He took the music world by storm. Even the critics who might have thought that it was a western instrument and not suitable for Indian music, were proved totally wrong by his innovative genius of adapting the mandolin so well. In addition to being a most successful interpreter of Carnatic music, he was also a musician's musician, rare indeed.
I had the pleasure of meeting him on quite a few occasions. He was humble, down to earth and simple. We have also shared the stage for Jalsa along with Pt. Jasraj and Pt. Hariprasad. It was a memorable concert for me. Whatever he played was meticulous, clean and with a lot of emotion and expression. He had this rare ability impress any audience, whether a knowledgeable Indian or an uninitiated foreigner. He was extremely successful in crossing over and collaborating with musicians of other cultures.
Mandolin Shrinivas was a virtuoso, a maestro.
Pt. Ronu Majumdar:
I recall meeting Shrini at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London, when I was performing with Trilok Gurtu. Shrini was not only a super genius musician but also soft spoken and unassuming. We were planning to play together in Mumbai sometime this year but unfortunately that will remain unfulfilled. I will miss his heart- touching music.
‘Chitravina’ N. Narasimhan:
I was happy to read that the Madras Music Academy condoled the untimely passing of mandolin maestro U. Shrinivas at a rare specially conferred meeting. Shrinivas touched the hearts of millions of rasikas and made a name for himself and his instrument globally. Early in his career, I convinced the Government of India to confer on him AIR’s A-top Grade, at a time when doubts were being expressed about his ‘foreign’ instrument, arguing, among other things, that the violin and clarinet too were ‘foreign’ instruments. While it may not be possible to confer the Sangita Kalanidhi Award on him posthumously, it may be possible for the Music Academy to induct him into its Hall of Fame from the ensuing annual music festival of December 2014. May The Music Academy consider this on behalf of music lovers and fans of Shrinivas.
Vidushi R. Vedavalli:
“My first memory of Shrinivas is him playing at the Ayodhya Mandapam. He was just seven. A friend of ours spoke highly of this little boy who played like a seasoned musician. I was curious. So I went to listen to him. And was simply astounded by the sheer talent on stage. A sweet little boy with a charming smile played like he was to the music born! I may not have interacted much with him on a personal level (there was a two-generation gap), but I always made it a point to attend his concerts. And every time we met, he would always stand up and greet me with that beautiful smile. I was a great fan, an ardent admirer. An irreparable loss, indeed!
‘Drums’ Sivamani:
He used to call me ‘Annababoi’ and he loved the Telugu slang that I used to speak. Before every concert, he used to say “Anna, you have to take care of me on stage.” But, on stage it was he that would take care of me. I remember the Madhuvanti piece he played for Shraddha’s concert for Shakti Foundation at Music Academy. That was sheer magic! To me, he is an avatar of God. He came, gave us the light and then returned. I made a stop-over yesterday at his house and urged Rajesh to take his legacy forward. Shrinu was a genius.
Jayanthi Kumaresh:
Shrinivas stormed in the music scene in the early eighties. He looked like god's own child...I remember the first concert in the Indian fine arts society when legends and giants from the music fraternity were there in the audience for an afternoon slot concert. The music was seamless and absolutely unbelievable. After the concert, great musicians rushed to the stage and offered their rings, bangles and whatever they had to this little boy who knew nothing about all these worldly things.
He introduced a new instrument to the Carnatic world. He introduced so many new concepts...quietly, making no noise about it, unassuming and just his music spoke for him. He hit the zenith of fame, but what really mattered to him was his mahaperiyava, his Ramana, his Sai, his hanuman and most importantly, his mandolin. He just went back where he belonged, to the gods.
Search

GIC to become large shareholder in RACSingapore’s GIC poised to buy large RAC stake
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26296508-449b-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JSW Energy to buy hydropower plants from JP ...hydropower business
(The deal comes a day after…)
NEW DELHI: In its third attempt to strike a deal for its power assets, Jaypee Group today inked a binding pact with Sajjan Jindal-led JSW Energy for selling three projects, including two hydel plants.
The announcement comes a day after Jaiprakash Power's proposed sale of three hydro projects fell through. In July, Jaypee Group had announced Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) withdrew from nearly Rs 10,000 crore deal to acquire its two hydel power projects.
"JSW Energy Limited (JSW) and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited (JPVL), today announced the signing of binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), for the 100 per cent acquisition by JSW of three operational plants of JPVL," the companies said in similarly-worded statements.
The financial details of the deal, however, were not disclosed.
These plants area -- 300 MW Baspa-II Hydro Electric Plant, 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Plant and 500 MW Bina Thermal Power Plant, it added.
Shares of Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanked nearly 14 per cent today on the BSE.
JPVL and Reliance Power had been in talks for two months before calling off the deal.
As per industry sources, the talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash group (Japyee) was looking to sell the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt.
In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM leaves for US  hopes visit will mark  new chapterPM Modi leaves for US, hopes visit will mark "new chapter"
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The Prime Minister said…)
NEW DELHI: Describing America as India's "vital partner", Prime Minister Narendra Modi today embarked on his first visit to the US confident that his five-day trip will mark a "new chapter" in bilateral strategic ties.
As Modi seeks to promote India as open for business and to mend ties with the US after a bitter diplomatic row last year, Modi said he was looking forward to meeting President Barack Obama in Washington over two days.
The Prime Minister said he will discuss with Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a "new level" in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world.
Obama will host a rare private dinner for Modi at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the Indian leader ahead of summit talks the next day. The two leaders are meeting for the first time.
The Prime Minister is expected to have only tea and lemonade at the dinner as his US visit coincides with the Navratri fast which he religiously observes every year.
"I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership," he said in a statement before he took off on a special Air India plane.
Modi will have a stopover in Frankfurt tonight and will reach New York tomorrow and later proceed to Washington on September 29.
"I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation - and, above all, a shared commitment to human values.
Working together, and with others, we can bridge the many divisions of our times and contribute to building a more peaceful, stable, secure, sustainable and prosperous world," the Prime Minister said.
The case involving Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade last year had escalated into a full-blown diplomatic spat between India and the US, casting a shadow on their ties. Khobragade was arrested and then strip-searched in New York for allegedly mistreating her domestic maid.
In New York, Modi will deliver his maiden address at the UN General Assembly on Saturday.
In his address at the 69th session of the UNGA, Modi said he will call for a stronger global commitment and more concerted multilateral action in addressing challenges of fragile global economy, turbulence and tension in many parts of the world, growth and spread of terrorism, the Ebola health crisis in Africa, climate change and eradication of poverty.
"I will also stress the urgency of early reforms in the United Nations, to ensure that it remains relevant and effective in dealing with the challenges of the 21st Century," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With canal and hut  India stands up to China on LACBREAKING NEWS
With canal and hut, India stands up to China on LAC; PM Modi oversees action along border
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 03.13PM IST
Modi was unusually forthright when Xi visited India, challenging him in private on the question of incursions along their 3,500-km contested frontier.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Earlier this month, the Indian army stationed on a remote Himalayan plateau built a small observation hut from where they could watch Chinese soldiers across a disputed border.
The move so irked China's military that it laid a road on territory claimed by India and demanded that the tin hut be dismantled. India refused, destroyed a part of the new road and promptly raised troop numbers in the area.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is making good on election promises of a more robust national security policy, and the fact that around 1,000 soldiers from each side are facing off in Ladakh is evidence even mighty China is not off limits.
No shots have been fired, and a brief border war between the world's two most populous nations was fought 52 years ago.
But Indian military officials said the situation in the Chumar area of Ladakh had been unusually tense in recent weeks, highlighting a simmering disagreement between the nuclear-armed neighbours that is back on the agenda at the highest level.
Modi, who swept to power in May, was unusually forthright when Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India in mid-September, challenging Xi in private on the question of incursions along their 3,500-km contested frontier.
Afterwards, he told a news conference in the presence of the Chinese leader that peace and stability on the border were needed for better economic ties Beijing has been pressing for.
P. Stobdan, a former Indian ambassador and a Ladakhi with deep knowledge of the competing claims in the region, sees a shift in New Delhi's thinking.
"The hut has become the bone of contention. The Chinese have drawn a red line. They want it demolished before they will withdraw," he said.
Last year, the Chinese forced the Indians to demolish another hut in Chumar in return for ending a face-off.
"This time the new government does not seem to be in a mood to budge," Stobdan added.
NO LONGER BUSINESS AS USUAL
Beginning in June, as it prepared to receive Xi, PM Modi's government set in train a series of bold actions on the border where Indian officials say China has long been nibbling away at its territory.
It ordered faster construction of 72 strategic roads along the border to narrow the gap with China's vastly superior and intricate network of roads and tracks in the mountains.
It has also rebuilt airfields, including a landing strip laid in Daulat Beg Oldi in Ladakh in 1962, the year the two countries fought their short war.
Over the past few months C-130 Hercules planes bought from the United States have been landing at the airfield some 30 km from Depsang, the site of a 21-day standoff last year when People's Liberation Army soldiers set up tents on India's side of the 1962 ceasefire line.
V.K. Singh, Modi's minister for northeastern states, another area where the border is in dispute with China, says it is no longer business as usual on the so-called Line of Actual Control ( LAC ) dividing the two countries.
Incursions from both sides are common along the ceasefire line, because their armies cannot agree where it lies, making a final settlement a distant prospect.
"Sometimes (in the past), I think for political reasons or other reasons, we would have said OK, leave it. But that perpetuates the problem, it doesn't solve the problem," said Singh, a former army chief handpicked to beef up civilian and military infrastructure in the northeast.
"You keep giving a concession, it only perpetuates the problem. So somewhere up the hierarchy someone has to say 'let's hold on'," he told Reuters in an interview about the latest confrontation with China.
Page 1 of 2

China s ambitions leading to drastic changes in Asia s geopoliticsChina's rising territorial ambitions leading to drastic changes of scenario in Asia's geopolitical tangle
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Tags:
Asia
(Countries like India, Vietnam,…)
NEW DELHI: The ongoing behaviour by PLA along the Line of Actual Control that was in full swing even during the Chinese President's visit to India last week and Xi Jinping's recent comments that his country's Army should be ready for a regional war has once again raised suspicions of Beijing's ambitions could enable realisation of quadrilateral dialogue between Delhi, Tokyo, Washington and Canberra with an objective of maintaining stability in the Indian Ocean and Asia-Pacific regions.
Xi's visit to India that had raised high hopes of new era of cooperation belied all expectations with PLA deliberately choosing the occasion to challenge India's strategic advantage in Chumar area of Ladakh region. The PLA action was also shaped by Indian President's visit to Vietnam, Prime Minister's visit to Japan and Australian PM's visit to India. These visits helped to expand India's strategic and defence partnerships with Hanoi, Tokyo and Canberra raising eyebrows in Beijing. All these trips were closely followed in China and so will be Narendra Modi's first trip to USA as the PM.
Xi's comment to PLA is being deemed by experts as "psychological war" against India, Japan, Vietnam and Philippines all of which have territorial disputes with China. "Xi wanted to send strong message that China will do everything to protect its core interests including disputed territories with neighbouring countries," explained an expert on the region, who did not wish to be named.
Modi's visit to Japan ushered in an opportunity for expanding bilateral strategic and defence partnership that would contribute in a major way in stabilising the region amid China's aggression and territorial ambitions. Prime Minister Tony Abbott's India trip was aimed at raising strategic partnership to the next level by signing a uranium supplies deal. President Pranab Mukherjee's trip to Vietnam saw a landmark defence MoU and pact for further oil exploration in the South China Sea region. These were to the discomfort of the Chinese leadership.
What was been cause of serious concern in recent years is Beijings territorial ambitions in South China Sea region, East China Sea region and also in Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir. This has led to strong protests from Vietnam, Japan and India both bilaterally as well as through multilateral fora. What is particularly disturbing is the Chinas continuous aggression in South China Sea region which threatens economic interests of various countries including India and Vietnam.
  Amid this Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe understandably wants to revive the 'Strategic Diamond' in the region. Abe is re-calibrating its security alliance with the United States and steer the establishment of a 'democratic security diamond', a proposed strategic alliance of like-minded Indo-Pacific countries that share similar anxieties about China's ambitions. Under such circumstances, Strategic Diamond would be the right strategy to maintain balance in the region following China's rise.
"Japan appears set on a modest expansion of its maritime defense capabilities, given several years of tensions with China and worsening anxieties about North Korea. And a more normalized Japanese defense posture - including a military that can operate confidently with partners beyond Japan's immediate neighborhood - could contribute to the maintenance of security and order in the Indo-Pacific regional commons, where Japan has a legitimate interest as a major seafaring and trading nation. Still, one area where Abe could well ring alarm bells in Beijing and among those observers most sensitive to China's perceptions is the question of so-called minilateral security collaboration. This refers to small groupings of self-selecting partner countries holding confidential strategic dialogues or military exercises or even joining forces in operations like disaster relief," writes Rory Medcalf of the Lowy Institute in his article last year titled 'With Shinzo Abe back in power, could an old initiative be reborn?'
Medcalf further explains of the arrangements in place in the region in his article. "Already there are is an established trilateral strategic dialogue, Australia, the United States and Japan, and an emerging trilateral forum of Japan, United States and India. An Australia-India-United States trilateral has also been briefly mooted. Meanwhile bilateral dialogues, security declarations and defense cooperation agreements (albeit short of treaty alliances) have proliferated between American allies and partners, notably Australia-Japan, Japan-India, Australia-India and Australia-South Korea." It may be noted here that India-Japan-US trilateral dialogue held annually too have been successful in discussing common concerns.

PLA plays down Ladakh stand-off  says situation under controlChina-India border
(The spokesman skipped questions…)
BEIJING: Playing down the continuing standoff at the Ladakh border region, China's military today said such incidents are "sometimes inevitable" but the situation is under "effective control" with the joint efforts of the two sides.
"Through the joint efforts of both sides it is under effective control and I hope that with the continued efforts of both sides it can be solved as soon as possible and peace and stability will be maintained at the China-India border," military spokesman Geng Yansheng told a media briefing here.
"I would like to emphasis again that because the China-India border is not demarcated, it is sometimes inevitable that incidents happen. What is important is for both sides to implement agreements signed by both sides to boost mutual understanding and mutual trust and make joint efforts to maintain peace stability in the India-China border region," he said, replying to a number of questions from PTI on why such incidents are taking place.
He said while it is quite natural for some incidents to happen along the border, "this kind of incidents will not change the overall situation of good neighbourliness and friendship between China and India".
The spokesman skipped questions on why the incursion took place coinciding with the visit of top Chinese leaders to India.
While Chinese troops entered the Depsang Valley in Ladakh region last year during Premier Li Keqiang's visit, the two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh coinciding with the visit of President Xi Jinping.
Referring to Xi's recent visit to India, Geng said the President made successful visit. During the visit both sides agreed to maintain peace and tranquillity along the border region stating that it is an important factor for the further development of bilateral relations and continued growth of the two countries.
"It was reiterated that before the final settlement of the border issue, the two countries will jointly safeguard peace and stability in the border region," the spokesman said.
For the incidents at the China-India border region, there are channels of communication that are functioning quite well, he said.
"The problems can be solved through dialogue and consultation. Both sides should manage the situation and maintain peace stability in the area. In the recent incident both sides communicated with each other through the existing channels. The situation is currently under effective control and china and India border is peaceful," he said.
He refuted the perception that the Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) signed last year has failed to prevent the standoffs from taking place.
"This agreement is of great significance for consolidating and improving the relations and consolidating the mutual trust between the two countries as well as effectively maintaining peace stability along the China India border," he said.
"In this agreement a lot of things are clearly regulated such as the content of the border defence cooperation, the working mechanisms, channels of communication and exchanges between the two border troops," he said.
"Of the content written in the agreement, some of it is put into practice while others are being in the process of being implemented. For example, if there is a standoff between the border troops both sides should keep maximum restraint and the two sides should conduct flag meeting in certain places along the LAC," he said.
  Currently it is just because both sides are acting in the spirit of BDCA and other agreements, the incidents has taken under effective control the border region remained peaceful.
"This again demonstrates the necessity and effectiveness of the BDCA and other agreements," he said.
Tension in the area erupted last Sunday when some Chinese workers, who were constructing a road on their side, crossed into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build a road up to Tible, 5-km deep inside Indian territory.
Chumar was at the centre of the fortnight-long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
For the incidents at the China-India border region, there are channels of communication that are functioning quite well, Geng said.
"The problems can be solved through dialogue and consultation. Both sides should manage the situation and maintain peace stability in the area. In the recent incident both sides communicated with each other through the existing channels. The situation is currently under effective control and china and India border is peaceful," he said.
He refuted the perception that the Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) signed last year has failed to prevent the standoffs from taking place.

Apple s iOS 8 workaround to fix dropped cell serviceApple releases iOS 8 workaround to fix dropped cell service
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 06.14PM IST
0
Share More
Apple Inc pulled back an update to its new operating system and offered a guide to revert to iOS 8 after many iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users complained.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc withdrew a faulty update to its latest operating system after many users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions, the latest in a series of glitches to mar the first week of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales.
Apple shares fell as much as nearly 4 percent to $97.72 in early trading on Thursday, to be the biggest drag on the Nasdaq Composite Index.
At that price, the stock had lost all its gains since the launch of the latest iPhones and the company's market value declined by $24 billion.
"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users, and are working around the clock to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for the issue, and will release it as soon as it is ready in the next few days," an Apple spokesperson said, according to a report on technology news website Recode. (http://on.recode.net/1vkEO5Y)
Apple officials were not available immediately for comment.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which started selling the new phones last Friday, complained about a drop in cellular service and inability to use the fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating the operating system to iOS 8.0.1.
Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last week, through the latest version of iTunes. Its health app will not work after the reinstallation, but will be fixed in iOS 8.0.2, the company said. (http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487)
Some users had complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after updating to iOS 8 on Twitter and Apple forums, Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt)
The new phones also face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate" on social media and online forums, which have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.
The phones' lightweight aluminum shell is more malleable than expected but this may not qualify as a design flaw, some analysts said.
Apple said on Monday it had already shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but did not comment on the bending reports.
Rival smartphone makers have tried to take advantage of Apple's problems.
Samsung released an advertisement showcasing a bending phone against its own product, while Blackberry Chief Executive John Chen said: "I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport."
Apple shares were down 3 percent at $98.73 on the Nasdaq just after midday.

M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakhM&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh; to take on Duster & Safari Storme
By ET Bureau | 26 Sep, 2014, 03.28AM IST
M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh
M&M launches new Scorpio starting at Rs 7.98 lakh
Gearing up to meet an increasing competition in the SUV segment, M&M launched the new Scorpio priced between Rs 7.98 lakh-Rs 11.46 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra, India's largest selling utility vehicle maker, has launched an-all new Scorpio at Rs7.98 lakh toRs11.46 lakh (ex-showroom, Mumbai). Built on an all-new generation (ladder on frame architecture) platform, the Scorpio in its new avatar not only retains its off-road capability, but has tried to make the drive plusher to give it a car-like comfort, with the aim of taking on the likes of Renault Duster and Ford EcoSport. In its 4-generatio n, M&M has developed the new Scorpio with an investment of Rs150 crore, with over 100 engineers working on the project for over 3-4 years. The company has separately spent Rs100 crore on the platform to churn out more offsprings in the future, one of them being the U301, which will hit the market in 2015.
Pawan Goenka, ED and president of the automotive division at Mahindra & Mahindra, said, "This is the continuing evolution of Scorpio. A lot of effort has gone into it, and we have looked at every part of the vehicle, ensuring that we are giving the best that's possible in this segment. Therefore, the interior, the chassis, the features, exterior — all of it is adding up. It is a new leaf in the exciting history of the Scorpio brand."
Since its launch in 2002, over 4,50,000 Scorpios have been sold across India, and 74,000 units in global markets. M&M averages about 4,000 to 4,200 units a month and it touched a record high in FY13. With the new Scorpio and improving sentiment, M&M hopes to raise its monthly volumes further.
M&M claims that the new Scorpio delivers 5-6% more fuel efficiency than its predecessors, best-in-class turning radius, and the SUV has been built on a new chassis, new transmission and gearbox, softer suspension and a re-tuned 2.2 litre Mhawk engine, which will deliver enhanced ride, handling and driving dynamics. This is apart from the new exterior and interior styling, with a new firstin-segment features.
Hormazd Sorabjee, editor, Autocar India, agrees, saying that Scorpio is a brand that transformed Mahindra from a rural to a mainstream automaker. But the future depends on how proactively the company reacts to competition.
"The new Scorpio is a big improvement for M&M, and it will do well, but there is a tidal wave of SUVs coming to India. Mahindra needs to fast-track product lifecycles to keep pace with competition," Sorabjee added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Indian equity markets have material upside in next 3 years: BlackRockBlackRock
(With earnings momentum…)
MUMBAI: With earnings momentum set to take off and domestic investors buying, the equity markets have "material upside" in the next three years, the US brokerage firm BlackRock said in its outlook for Indian markets.
"Equity valuations are reasonable, earnings momentum looks set to take off and domestic investors are buying. We therefore think the 30-stock BSE Sensex index has material upside in the next three years.
"Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummelled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
BlackRock favours financials, consumer discretionary and small caps, but are lukewarm about staples, the report said.
"India has gone from a castaway market to investor darling - in the space of a year. The election of Prime Minster Narendra Modi and the appointment of economist Raghuram Rajan as head of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) have much to do with it.
"Modi and Rajan have set in motion an apparent virtuous cycle: increasing business confidence, accelerating economic growth, deficit reduction, receding inflation, a stable currency and inbound investment. Modi is acting as a hands-on CEO. He has revived stalled investment projects, further curbed government spending and initiated many small changes that make it easier to do business," the report said.
"Under Rajan's watch, inflation is coming down, real interest rates have turned positive and the currency has stabilised. We expect India's GDP growth to accelerate to 7 per cent annually in 2015, 2016 and beyond - when many other EM economies are expected to slow. The growth is driven by implementing half-finished projects," the report said.
According to BlackRock, a drive to provide the poor with bank accounts will enable direct transfers of subsidies to the needy, leading to less wastage.
"Combine this with India's long-term advantages such as an expanding working age population, low debt-to-GDP levels, an edge in key industries such as IT and potential for financial sector growth, and the investment case starts to look pretty compelling.
"We have yet to see progress on structural reforms and resolving policy ambiguities in the power sector. The next six months are crucial for investor confidence: Markets are anticipating a clear policy road map in the November-February parliamentary session and budget presentation, as well as rate cuts in 2015. Bottom line is markets need performance above promise," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why mkt is sinking | JSPL down 20%: A buySensex ends day 276 points down; 5 reasons Dalal Street is sinking
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 25, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: 'Make in India' campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi failed to cheer markets; as benchmark Sensex plunged as much as 395 points in intraday trade, led by losses in ICICI Bank , RIL, Axis Bank and ONGC .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological support level of 7900, but managed to claw back towards the fag end of the trade to close at 7911.85 level. The fall in the index was led by losses in power, realty, oil & gas and banking stocks.
The 30-share index closed at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points or 1.03 per cent. It touched a high of 26,814.20 and a low of 26,349.55 in trade today.
The Nifty ended at 7,911.85, down 90.55 points or 1.13 per cent. It touched a high of 8,019.30 and a low of 7,877.35 in trade today.
October is a month with less trading sessions. So the movement would be volatile with more of gap up - gap downs, caution analysts.
"The index is making a Doji candle on Monthly chart. After the run up of the last seven months, if it doesn't settle above 8,000 and sustains below 7,950 levels, then this positive rally may end. We may see lower levels of 7,840 & 7,700," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives Analyst, Anand Rathi.
(Doji candle means opening and closing at almost same levels after a rage-bound move of the entire month. This is a sign of indecision between bulls and bear, and if this candle occurs at the top of rally then the immediate trend may end).
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
September F&O expiry:
The market always remains volatile with fierce moves on either side ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
"Given the fact this is an F&O expiry week, this consolidation and a little bit of profit booking was expected in the market," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
"By my understanding, this negative bias could continue but not with any deep or sharp cuts, though certainly, volatility could be the order of the day," he added.
Coal Block De-allocation:
The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines.
Even though the verdict clears some bit of uncertainty, but the verdict will still remain an overhang on markets and various sectors such as mining, power for some more time.
There will be a considerable amount of nervousness both in the broader market as well as in the frontline stocks , say experts and investors can look at defensives and export-oriented themes such as IT and pharma.
"40% of the index - and that is adjusting for SAIL , NTPC and Coal India which are unaffected by today's order - is greatly affected by this cancellation of coal mines. This includes banks, power and metals," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"So I guess this representation will be more or less similar in the broader markets as well, in days ahead as the uncertainty looms over what kind of auction policy the government adopts," he added.
Sekhar pointed that since the balance sheets of many of these companies in power and metal sector are in a real state of disarray, it will be very difficult for the market to claw back as if nothing had happened.
Yellen warning on interest rates:
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she wants investors to be prepared for the possibility that the Fed will raise interest rates sooner than they currently project. Her words are going unheeded, said media reports.
Heavy FII selling:
Foreign institutional investors or FIIs which are the backbone of over 28 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers.
FII sold Rs 1,185.17 crore in equities on Sept 23 while DII bought Rs 325.70 crore in equities on September 23 when Sensex plunged 431 points on Tuesday.
The figure was less aggressive on 24 September Wednesday. FIIs sold Rs 793.65 crore in equities while DII's bought Rs 15.29 crore on the same day as per provisional data.
Technical Breakdown on Charts:
The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000. The trend does indicate some bit of bearishness but we are still in bull market, say analysts.
"Even though the charts are suggesting bearishness, but if 7930 is broken down on a closing basis, we can go down all the way to 7600, even 7580. Yet, the bull market remains even if we go to 7200, we are still in a bull market," said Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth.
"If we close below 7930 on Wednesday or the day after, then the bigger fall commences and we will go down all the way to 7650. For me, as a trader that would be more worrisome for people who are long," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hopeful of opening new chapter  Modi leaves for USNew Delhi, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 17:46 IST
Hopeful of opening new chapter, Modi leaves for US
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the gathering during the launch of "Make In India" in New Delhi on Thursday. Later, he left for the U.S. Photo: R.V.Moorthy
TOPICS
India-United States
In a statement prior to his departure for the US, Modi said he views the US as a "vital partner for our national development."
Describing America as India’s “vital partner”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday embarked on his first visit to the U.S. confident that his five-day trip will mark a “new chapter” in bilateral strategic ties.
Seeking to promote India as open for business and to mend ties with the U.S. after a bitter diplomatic row last year, Mr. Modi said he was looking forward to meeting President Barack Obama in Washington over two days.
The Prime Minister said he will discuss with Mr. Obama how Indo-US ties can be taken to a “new level” in the interest of the two countries as well as of the world.
Mr. Obama will host a rare private dinner for Mr. Modi at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the Indian leader ahead of summit talks the next day. The two leaders are meeting for the first time.
The Prime Minister is expected to have only tea and lemonade at the dinner as his U.S. visit coincides with the Navratri fast which he religiously observes every year.
“I will discuss with President Obama how we can use the strength of all that we share and all that we have built so far to take our relationship to a new level in the interest of our two countries and the cause of this world. I am confident that the visit will mark the start of a new chapter in our strategic partnership,” he said in a statement before he took off on a special Air India plane.
Mr. Modi will have a stopover in Frankfurt tonight and will reach New York tomorrow and later proceed to Washington on September 29.
“I see the United States as a vital partner for our national development, drawing especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation — and, above all, a shared commitment to human values.
Working together, and with others, we can bridge the many divisions of our times and contribute to building a more peaceful, stable, secure, sustainable and prosperous world,” the Prime Minister said.
The case involving Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade last year had escalated into a full—blown diplomatic spat between India and the U.S., casting a shadow on their ties.

Actor Rajput set to play Dhoni in biopicNew Delhi, September 25, 2014
Updated: September 25, 2014 19:04 IST
Actor Rajput set to play Dhoni in biopic
PTI
Sushant Singh Rajput is all set to play as M.S. Dhoni in the biopic "M.S. Dhoni -- The Untold Story"
TOPICS
cinema
If Mahendra Singh Dhoni fans have not got enough of the cricketer on field then now they will be served ‘captain cool’ on the big screen as actor Sushant Singh Rajput is set to portray the Indian skipper in a ‘biopic’ come 2015.
With the introductory poster of the film titled ‘M.S. Dhoni -- The Untold Story’ released in the national dailies on Thursday, the movie certainly becomes an awaited event along with the 50-over World Cup next year.
The project, which reportedly ran into financial problems, is now making headlines and Dhoni’s wife Sakshi was quick to share her joy on twitter after she tweeted the first poster of the film.
“Clearing out all those rumours being carried out past few days. It was all false.. Here you go ....BOOM !!!” she wrote on the micro-blogging site.
Clearing out all those rumours being carried out past few days.It was all false.. Here you go ....BOOM !!! pic.twitter.com/58vXAGe3Bc
— Sakshi Singh Dhoni (@SaakshiSRawat) September 24, 2014
Expectations from the movie have also risen since Sushant, who became famous after playing the protaginist in the screen adaption of Chetan Bhagat’s novel ‘The Three Big Mistakes of My Life’ titled ‘Kai Po Che’, is expected to play a cricketer’s life once again.
In the poster, Sushant as Dhoni, has his back to the viewers with an Indian ODI jersey and number seven displayed on it. Sushant though may have got the character of coach cum cricketer in ‘Kai Po Che’ right but whether his portrayal of Dhoni will click with the audience or not, only time will tell.
With biopics on Milkha Singh -- Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, played by Farhan Akhtar and Mary Kom, played by Priyanka Chopra doing good business, Bollywood is certainly cashing in on the sports stars to bring in the moolah.

Sad to part ways with Sena but no hard feelings: BJPPrint
Rajiv Pratap Rudy said if there had been no time constraint, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution. (Source: Express photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:35 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 9:45 pm
After parting ways with its 25-year-old alliance partner Shiv Sena, BJP on Thursday said it will go alone to oust the “corrupt” NCP-Congress in Maharashtra but will not hold any bitterness with its old ally during the campaign for the October 15 state assembly polls.
Terming as “unfortunate” the break-up of its alliance, BJP said time constraints and “inflexibility” of Shiv Sena compelled it to contest the coming polls without its old ally.
“It is very unfortunate that we have to part ways after 25 years of journey. We have seen lots of ups and downs with Shiv Sena and we have braved them boldly for the last 25 years, BJP general secretary and incharge of party affairs in Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy told PTI.
He said if there was more time left for nominations, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution but time constraints and an “inflexible” Shiv Sena forced the split.
“Reluctantly, we have to part ways as there is a severe constraint of time as all nominations for 288 seats which will include our smaller alliance partners has to be accomplished by September 27, the deadline for nominations fixed by the Election Commission,” said the BJP leader who spearheaded the talks with Shiv Sena along with party’s election incharge of the state Om Mathur.
“We are committed that even if we are parting ways there will be no bitterness whatsoever between our old partners and the sole consideration of these elections is to get rid of NCP-Congress regime which has unleashed years of misgovernance and corruption,” he said.

Government announces  Deen Dayal Antyodaya Y...BJP
(Seeking a PPP model for the…)
NEW DELHI: With an aim to uplift the poor by enhancing livelihood opportunities through skill development, Government today announced a Rs 500 crore " Deen Dayal Antyodaya Yojana " and also urged the Industry to come forward to impart training to unemployed youth.
The DAY programme was announced by Minister of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Venkaiah Naidu and Minister for Rural Development Nitin Gadkari at a convention to mark the birth anniversary of Deen Dayal Upadhaya.
Upadhyaya was a philosopher, sociologist and political activist and a key leader of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh, the forerunner of the present day BJP .
Seeking a public-private partnership ( PPP ) model for the skill upgradation programme, Naidu said the Industry should come forward to help impart training to unemployed youth.
"More and more entrepreneurs should come forward to impart training to unemployed youth so that they can get jobs. There is a dearth of skilled staff in various categories," he said.
A sum of Rs 1,000 crore has been provisioned for urban poverty alleviation during 2014-15 out of which, Rs 500 crore will be spent on skill development of over five lakh urban poor under the DAY scheme, Naidu said, adding for realising the "Make in India" objective, skill development is essential.
"If India is to emerge as the manufacturing base to meet global needs, the only certain way is to empower every youth of the country with the necessary skills," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Split season: BJP  Sena  Cong  NCP all want to breakfreeBJP leaders Vinod Tawde and Devendra Phadnavis leave after a meeting with Shiv Sena leaders in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:08 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 4:31 am
It was a day of political upheavals in Maharashtra, as the BJP called off its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena and the NCP pulled the plug on the Congress government led by Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday, just weeks ahead of the state assembly elections.
The stage is now set for at least a four-cornered contest, even as the BJP indicated that it would not target the Sena in its campaign. However, that did not stop Sena leaders from branding the BJP as “betrayers”.
Announcing the decision to split from the Sena after seat-sharing talks collapsed, state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis said, “The Shiv Sena is not willing to consider the  concerns of BJP and allies, making it impossible to continue the relationship… We will continue as friends.”
The Sena wanted 151 of the total 288 seats, setting aside 123 for the BJP and 14 for the smaller allies of the “mahayuti” (grand alliance) — Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, Republican Party of India, Rashtriya Samaj Party and Shiv Sangram. It also wanted the Chief Minister’s post.
The formula was not acceptable to the BJP, which demanded 135 seats for itself and 18 for the smaller allies. The BJP was ready to scale down its demand to 126 seats, on the condition that the Sena should agree to 145-147 seats.  But Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray refused to climb down from the party’s “Mission 151”, as declared by his son Aditya Thackeray.
ALSO READ:  NCP breaks 15-year-old alliance with Congress in Maharashtra
On Thursday evening, BJP president Amit Shah is learnt to have conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the alliance, founded in 1989 on the common ideology of Hindutva, was not working. Modi is reported to have said that the state leaders should take a decision keeping in mind the party’s larger interests.
“From the very beginning, we had decided that we would not tolerate the Shiv Sena’s high handedness or compromise on the party’s expansion plans,” said a senior BJP leader. Keeping this in mind, the BJP worked towards getting the smaller allies on board, while isolating the Sena.
Fadnavis held a series of meetings with Thackeray to set the stage for an “equal partnership”. In 1989, it was late Sena chief Bal Thackeray and late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan who formed the saffron alliance — the Sena then got 171 seats and the BJP 117. But the seat-sharing formula in 2009 was altered to 169 for Sena 169 and 119 for BJP.
Meanwhile, both the parties have begun the blame game. “The BJP had already made up its mind to break the alliance. It was looking for excuses and trying to put the onus on the Sena. They have betrayed us,” continued…

Sad to part ways with Sena but no hard feelings: Rajiv PratapRudyPrint
Rajiv Pratap Rudy said if there had been no time constraint, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution. (Source: Express photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 25, 2014 9:35 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 9:45 pm
After parting ways with its 25-year-old alliance partner Shiv Sena, BJP on Thursday said it will go alone to oust the “corrupt” NCP-Congress in Maharashtra but will not hold any bitterness with its old ally during the campaign for the October 15 state assembly polls.
Terming as “unfortunate” the break-up of its alliance, BJP said time constraints and “inflexibility” of Shiv Sena compelled it to contest the coming polls without its old ally.
“It is very unfortunate that we have to part ways after 25 years of journey. We have seen lots of ups and downs with Shiv Sena and we have braved them boldly for the last 25 years, BJP general secretary and incharge of party affairs in Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy told PTI.
He said if there was more time left for nominations, the negotiations could have gone on to find an amicable solution but time constraints and an “inflexible” Shiv Sena forced the split.
“Reluctantly, we have to part ways as there is a severe constraint of time as all nominations for 288 seats which will include our smaller alliance partners has to be accomplished by September 27, the deadline for nominations fixed by the Election Commission,” said the BJP leader who spearheaded the talks with Shiv Sena along with party’s election incharge of the state Om Mathur.
“We are committed that even if we are parting ways there will be no bitterness whatsoever between our old partners and the sole consideration of these elections is to get rid of NCP-Congress regime which has unleashed years of misgovernance and corruption,” he said.

Australia approves outback rail plan for Adani s coal mineAustralia approves outback rail plan for Adani's coal mine
PTI Sep 25, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(India is home to the world's…)
MELBOURNE: Indian conglomerate Adani Mining today won Australian government's approval to build a whopping $1.94 billion rail line for its Carmichael coal mine project, a "significant milestone" in the company's operations here.
Queensland state's Coordinator General last month had cleared the way for the Aus dollars 2.2 billion ($1.94) 300-km rail line called the North Galilee Basin Rail (NGBR) that would link Adani's Carmichael Coal Mine with Abbot point coal terminal.
The 16.5 billion Australian dollars ($15 billion) coal project is expected to provide electricity for up to 100 million people in India. The rail line will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal annually.
After last month's clearance, the Australian subsidiary of Adani Enterprises needed the approval of Environment Minister Greg Hunt to proceed with the rail line.
The conglomerate, in a statmeent, today said it has received the final nod for its significant investments in mining and infrastructure in Queensland.
"Following on from the Commonwealth Government's approval of the Carmichael mine, as well as the Queensland Coordinator General's approval of the North Galilee Basin Rail Project (NGBR) in August, Adani welcomes today's announcement of the approval by Environment Minister Greg Hunt of the NGBR," the company said.
The development follows July's announcement by Adani of Korean giant POSCO E&C as the EPC contractor and joint venture partner on the NGBR and the company's agreement in August to acquire Linc's interest in royalties at the Carmichael mine.
Adani said these important milestones all underlined the growing confidence in the project as the shift from the approvals phase to the build phase continues.
Welcoming today's approval for the rail project, Adani Mining CEO and Country Head Jeyakumar Janakaraj said "Today's approval is a significant milestone in the life of our integrated mine, rail and port project, helping transition from approvals to the build phase."
"The minister's detailed consideration of our rail plan and subsequent approval, together with the work done by Deputy Premier Seeney, has ensured Adani is well placed to progress its long term future with Queensland," Janakaraj said.
"Our long term future with Queensland will mean more than 10,000 jobs, $22 billion in taxes and royalties to the state, and by helping deliver energy security, will light the lives of millions of Indians," he said.
NGBR represents a significant milestone for infrastructure development in Queensland, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sikka s innovation drive: Infy to double investment in core banking productCEO
(Over the last three years Finacle has…)
BANGALORE: Vishal Sikka's drive to put innovation at the core of Infosys culture to offer new products and solutions is underlined by the CEO promising to double company's investment in its core banking product, Finacle, which until late last year was being considered to be sold-off.
With Sikka at the helm, Infosys has shelved plans to explore selling off its banking product Finacle, as the Board of Infosys until late last year wanted to spin off Finacle and then look out for a buyer, two executives directly familiar with the development told ET. "The proposal was brought before the board in October last year," one person directly familiar with Board told ET, adding that it was subsequently shelved because company's transition process started. "The thinking was to spin it off as a subsidiary and then evaluate firms which could take it," said the second executive directly familiar with the process.
An Infosys spokeswoman declined to comment.
Although Infosys does not share revenues generated from its core banking product, over the last three years Finacle has seen revenues dip from $314 million in 2012 to $297 million by the end of March 2014, estimates advisory firm Nelson Hall. This was mainly on account of poor demand from banks to invest in next generation core banking solutions and company's inability to tap into the large US market, said one former Infosys executive.
For now, Infosys clubs revenues from Finacle along with its clients from the banking, financial services and insurance space, which accounts for a little over 33.5% of company's $8.25 billion revenues.
Last week, Sikka told industry participants at an Infosys customer event in Berlin that among other things, he plans to double investments in Finacle, without sharing details. Some experts, including Rachael Stormonth, senior vice president at Nelson Hall, believe that Infosys may look at expanding Finacle brand to include insurance, something which Mumbai-based TCS has done with its core banking product BaNCS.
"Sikka did say he will double his investment in Finacle," said Stormonth, adding that the investment could include adding functionalities around its "mobile banking and wealth management". "He also implied a greater push to cross-sell Finacle into Infosys' existing banking client base". To be sure, core banking solutions market is believed to be northwards of $20 billion opportunity, according to company executives.
For now, Infosys has been successful in selling Finacle to 170 banks in emerging markets, including Asia Pacific, Middle East and Latin America , and has built customer base in Ireland , the Netherlands and the UK. These geographies account for about over 90% of Finacle's revenues while US accounts for remaining 8-9%, according to an executive at banking financial and services space at Infosys. Experts at Forrester and Nelson Hall believe that Sikka could help expand Finacle's reach in the US as there is "pent-up demand" for replacement of core banking systems from both large and small banks.
"Finacle is also one of a small group of solutions that offer more than basic social media support," said Frederic Giron, VP and Research Director, Forrester Research.
"While the key differentiators of Finacle's application architecture were slightly diluted in the past, the banking platform has returned to its old strength and offers flexibility regarding, for example, business process design....[T]he change in Infosys' executive leadership has the potential to increase Finacle's relevance within Infosys beyond its current status".
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL to raise $800 mn from Korea Exim to fund Reliance JioReliance Industries to raise $800 million from Korea Exim to fund Reliance Jio
Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.40AM IST
Tags:
equipment
(Reliance Industries Ltd…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL),is raising $800 million from Korea Exim (K-Exim) in order to finance purchase of telecom equipment from Korean vendors such as Samsung by Reliance Jio (RJio), the telecom arm of the retail to petroleum giant, indicating that the much awaited rollout of telecom services by India's largest private company is gathering pace. The company may launch services in the first quarter of 2015, according to analysts.
This will be the first international financing for RJio, after a $1.5 billion overseas borrowing (ECB) raised in 2010 for spectrum payments. RIL is expected to soon refinance that funding as well. "The new tenor will be for 5.25 years for $1 billion and 6.5 years for $500 million. These will be at spreads lower than the previous loan."
K-Exim will be funding 60% of the amount while standing guarantees for the remaining amount. A number of global banks — three each from Japan and Korea along with ANZ and HSBC, would bankroll the rest. The agreements are expected to be signed within the next 2 days, according to people directly involved in the matter.
Reliance spokesperson was not available for comment.
From 2012 till now, RIL, responsible for about 14% of India's exports, has raised over $11 billion from overseas via bonds, ECBs as well as funding from exim banks. Most of funding till now is to finance the company's capex for a massive expansion of its petrochemicals capacity.
Exim bank are quasi- government organisations that offer cheaper credit (relative to commercial banks) to support exports from its country or region. RIL - the country's largest overseas borrower -- is also the most active Indian corporation in tapping the ECA financing route that offer cheaper credit for a longer tenure. For example, the latest financing is expected to be 12 years, said the sources mentioned above.
ECAs from the US, Korea, France and the UK, have extended ECA-backed funding to RIL during 2013 on the back of its strong balance sheet and credit ratings, the latter being better than India's sovereign ratings.
As a result, Reliance has been to lock in capital commitments for tenors as long as 14 years and at extremely low costs — on average a fixed-rate ECA from the US government carries an interest rate of 3.5% versus 5% to 5.5% for a 10-year dollar-denominated bond.
Reliance has been working towards a 2015 launch for its 4G telecom service and may invest as much as .`70,000 crore towards this end. As per a recent calculation by Moody's, RIL is expected to pump in nearly 42% of that amount over the next two years. The company has said that Jio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities, covering over 90% of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India. The target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
Reliance Jio acquired telecom spectrum four years ago but has since waited for clarity in telecom policy and for technology to evolve. But earlier this month, analysts from investment bank Credit Suisse said that as per their intelligence, the rollout has been gathering momentum and a March 2015 launch could be expected.
"RJio has completed installation of 32,000 LTE base stations nationwide. The pace of rollout, importantly, has picked up sharply to 6,500-7,000 per month (vs 3,000 per month in May 2014). It seems the company and the rollout partners are maturing in the rollout process (note this is the first major equipment contract for Samsung in India)," wrote analysts Sunil Tirumalai and Chunky Shah in a September 16 note to clients.
In addition to the original base station contract (for 60,000 LTE units for the initial launch network), a second contract for an additional 50,000-70,000 base stations has also been awarded to Samsung. "So we see firm visibility of the network size crossing 100,000 base stations. Since many of these sites will also run on 1800MHz FDD LTE (we expect this to be the base voice network), the network would be quite comparable to other operator's network in terms of reach, in our view," they added.
These base stations are believed to allow multiple technologies to work across multiple bands of spectrum. For Jio the relevant technologies are FDD LTE (frequency division duplexing) and TDD LTE (time-division duplexing), the two rival fourth generation (4G) wireless telephony technologies. The telecom department has also recently issued Reliance spectrum in the 1800 MHz band that it won in the February auctions in 14 circles. Most industry observers feel Jio will initially offer basic voice services on the 1800MHz spectrum, using FDD VoLTE (Voice over LTE).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street slumps as Apple drags; S&P breaks support levelWall Street slumps as Apple drags; S&P breaks support level
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 09.55PM IST
Apple shares, down 3.3% to $98.39, were the biggest drag on both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 indexes, after it pulled back an update to its new operating system.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were sharply lower heading into the midpoint of trading on Thursday, with each of the major indexes falling more than one per cent and the S&P dropping through a key support level as Apple shares slumped.
Apple shares, down 3.3 per cent to $98.39, were the biggest drag on both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 indexes, after it pulled back an update to its new operating system.
In broad selling, each of the ten major S&P sectors was in negative territory, with the S&P technology index the worst performer, down 2 per cent. The S&P 500 also broke through its 50-day moving average around 1,976, a key support level which the index had been able to rebound off of when recently tested.
"We keep bouncing off of it, and so the question becomes, is there any kind of catalyst out there which allows us to bounce off it again and propel higher," said Keith Bliss, senior vice-president at Cuttone & Co in New York.
Durable goods orders dropped 18.2 per cent in August, largely in-line with expectations, while initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 12,000 to a seasonally adjusted 293,000 for the week ended Sept. 20, below the 300,000 forecast, indicating an acceleration in job growth for the month.
"Some people were getting back to saying it's OK to like good economic news and that should translate into higher sales and higher profits, but my suspicion is there is a very large segment of the market participants who have not gotten out of that mode," said Bliss. "Everyone is trying to get ahead of this interest rate increase."
The pace of growth in the US services sector slowed in September compared with the previous month, dropping to its lowest level since May, a Markit survey showed.
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 205.7 points, or 1.2 per cent, to 17,004.36, the S&P 500 was losing 24.45 points, or 1.22 per cent, to 1,973.85 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 73.35 points, or 1.61 per cent, to 4,481.87.
Each of the major indexes were on track for their worst drop since July 31.
The top per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Cone Midstream Partners, rising 33.68 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was OMNOVA Solutions, down 18.18 per cent.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,549 to 374, for a 6.82-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,117 issues were falling and 404 advancing for a 5.24-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 6 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 17 new highs and 115 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Indian mkts have material upside in next 3 yrsBlackRock
(With earnings momentum…)
MUMBAI: With earnings momentum set to take off and domestic investors buying, the equity markets have "material upside" in the next three years, the US brokerage firm BlackRock said in its outlook for Indian markets.
"Equity valuations are reasonable, earnings momentum looks set to take off and domestic investors are buying. We therefore think the 30-stock BSE Sensex index has material upside in the next three years.
"Equities could dip 5-10 per cent in the short run, pummelled by a geopolitical hiccup or the anticipation of a US rate rise. Any correction, however, is likely to draw in buyers," BlackRock said in its outlook.
BlackRock favours financials, consumer discretionary and small caps, but are lukewarm about staples, the report said.
"India has gone from a castaway market to investor darling - in the space of a year. The election of Prime Minster Narendra Modi and the appointment of economist Raghuram Rajan as head of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) have much to do with it.
"Modi and Rajan have set in motion an apparent virtuous cycle: increasing business confidence, accelerating economic growth, deficit reduction, receding inflation, a stable currency and inbound investment. Modi is acting as a hands-on CEO. He has revived stalled investment projects, further curbed government spending and initiated many small changes that make it easier to do business," the report said.
"Under Rajan's watch, inflation is coming down, real interest rates have turned positive and the currency has stabilised. We expect India's GDP growth to accelerate to 7 per cent annually in 2015, 2016 and beyond - when many other EM economies are expected to slow. The growth is driven by implementing half-finished projects," the report said.
According to BlackRock, a drive to provide the poor with bank accounts will enable direct transfers of subsidies to the needy, leading to less wastage.
"Combine this with India's long-term advantages such as an expanding working age population, low debt-to-GDP levels, an edge in key industries such as IT and potential for financial sector growth, and the investment case starts to look pretty compelling.
"We have yet to see progress on structural reforms and resolving policy ambiguities in the power sector. The next six months are crucial for investor confidence: Markets are anticipating a clear policy road map in the November-February parliamentary session and budget presentation, as well as rate cuts in 2015. Bottom line is markets need performance above promise," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress picks 94-yr-old sugar baron to fight Maharashtra pollsComments
At 94, SR Patil is still going strong. The sugar baron from western Maharashtra will fight the upcoming assembly elections in the state on a Congress ticket from Shirol.
Sugar baron SR Patil (right, standing next to Sushilkumar Shinde) from western Maharashtra will fight the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra on a Congress ticket from Shirol. (HT photo)
The party officially announced his name in its first list released late on Wednesday. His family members take pride in the fact that their beloved 'Appasaheb' is the oldest contestant in the October 15 assembly elections.
“Even at this age my father is physically fit to carry out development of the constituency. We are proud that he is the oldest candidate,” said his son, Ganptrao Patil.
In 2009, Patil, then 89, defeated Swabhimani Shetakari Sanghatana (SSS) nominee Ulhas Patil and won Shirol for the Congress. Ironically, the Congress had denied Patil a ticket in 2004, citing his old age.
A contemporary of Jawaharlal Nehru, Patil first fought polls in 1957 as an independent and defeated the Congress candidate. For the next four decades, he did not take part in electoral politics and focused on his sugar factory instead.  
He lost Shirol on a Congress ticket in 1999. However, as SSS made its inroads in the region, the Congress took Patil's help 10 years later.
In early 2009, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi visited Patil’s Shree Datta cooperative sugar factory. Impressed with the factory’s management, Gandhi ensured that Patil, who loves wearing golf caps and white, contested the assembly polls, which the latter won by 16,000 votes.
Realising that Shirol, a sugarcane-growing area in Kolhapur, may slip from its pocket, the Congress has again fielded Patil.
Political observers say Patil’s re-nomination poses serious challenge to the SSS and may change the equations.

Eye on border  China fanning intra-sect rivalry: Ladakh s Buddhist leaderComments
At a time when Chinese incursions in Ladakh has India’s security establishment worried, Gyalwang Drukpa, the honorific title of the top Buddhist leader of the Drukpa sect with followers in Ladakh and Tibet, has accused Beijing of fanning intra-sect rivalries and using the Karmapa-led sect to take over monasteries in the holy Mount Kailash area of Tibet. This, he claims, is being done with an eye on the border issue.  
Speaking exclusively to HT, Gyalwang Drukpa - Jigme Pema Wangchen - said that 75-80 percent in Ladakh and over 95 percent in the Kailash area are Drukpa sect followers. “There are several Drukpa monasteries in the Kailash region, but followers of the Karma Kagyu school of Buddhism are taking over our sites. They are engaged in forceful conversion. God knows where they are getting the money – but we strongly suspect it is with the help of the Chinese government.” The Drukpa leader said the issue is larger. “I believe both the Indian and Chinese governments have to deal with this. We have a border issue right here, and Drukpas guard it. China is trying to increase its control over our sites.”
Their modus operandi, according to the Drukpa leader, involves coming to monasteries offering to help. “They then change the wall painting and monument in the name of restoration. They offer money and coerce. And now, they have even started kicking our practitioners.” Wangchen claims while this started 15 years ago, when they took over the Dri ra Phug monastery; it has escalated in the past year, and two months ago, they took over the Tirthapuri monastery.
The Karma Kagyu school is led by the Karmapa. But Wangchen is quick to avoid directly blaming the senior Tibetan spiritual leader. “They are using his name, but I don’t think he is responsible. But what we know is that certain high Lamas of the sect are involved.” Wangchen has urged the 17th Karmapa as recognized by the Dalai Lama, Ugyen Thinley Dorjee, to urge his followers to restrain and return sacred heritage.
The Karmapa’s media spokesperson, Kunzang Chunvyalp, strongly denied there was any attempt to ‘forcefully concert’, and told HT “His Holiness does not believe in conversion. He has a broad outlook, and there is no conversion plan. He believes in harmony and dialogue between all sects, and we all belong to the broad Buddhist tradition.”
Giving historical context, Chunvyalp said that in the late 70s, a high lama of their sect had visited the Kailash region and witnessed how four Drukpa monasteries had been desecrated. “He had then urged that these be restored because they are very sacred.” The Karmapa’s office added local communities and local authorities often act on their own, and to ascribe it to any larger plan would be inaccurate. Chunvyalp said they had no information about the Chinese role. “We can comment only on the religious element.”

Syria shadow over Modi s US visitprint
Launching the Make In India initiative was among the last things Prime Minister Narendra Modi did before boarding a flight for the United States Thursday evening.
President Barack Obama’s last actions in past 24 hours included a call to nations to join a broader fight against ISIS and violent extremism describing it as a threat to world peace.
And his forces continued to pound ISIS positions in Iraq and Syria, in a steadily escalating military engagement in a region that he believed he had left behind in 2011.
Are they likely to talk past each other, thus, when they meet at th White House first over dinner on September 29, and then the next morning for delegation-level talks?
Unlikely, said Milan Vaishnav of Carnegie. “I think the distraction on America’s side, if it comes, is likely to impact the follow-up to the visit rather than the visit itself.”
But, he added, there is every indication that everyone in the administration from the president on down “is geared up to make this summit a success”.
Lisa Curtis of Heritage Foundation argued that there is a danger of the visit being overshadowed by the airstrikes in Syria and other international challenges facing the US.
“The White House will have to make a concerted effort to prevent that,” Curtis said, adding, “they shouldn’t miss this opportunity to reboot the relationship.”
Past some years have seen the relationship sink from the heady high of the nuclear deal to the disappointment, in the US, at losing the MMRCA deal, to the Khobragade row.
Rick Rossow of the Center for Strategic and International Studies described the relationship “as better than it was 20 years ago, worse than 9 years ago (the nuclear deal).”
And that’s the challenge before the two leaders.
Prime Minister Modi arrives here Friday evening to start a four-day tour of the US — the first, and the longer, leg will be in New York, for the UN general assembly.
The high-point of the New York stay is likely to be a public reception hosted for him by the Indian American community at Madison Square Garden, an iconic Manhattan venue.
Modi reaches DC on September 29, and has his first meeting with Obama the same evening over dinner at the White House. Will they connect, establish a rapport?
They will be watched closely.
Modi’s engagements with businesses, and there is a distinctly business tone to the visit, in both New York and Washington DC will also be monitored closely.
As the prime minister re-sells India as a safe, profitable and, importantly, a predictable investment destination, US officials and businesses will be listening intently.
US business, specially pharmaceutical firms, have had eade issues with India, and have lobbied the administration and Capitol Hill hard to put pressure on New Delhi.
A trade body spearheading this effort, the Alliance for Free Trade with India, wrote a letter to Obama on Thursday asking him press Modi on these issues when they meet.

US hands foreign companies tax advantageUS hands foreign companies tax advantage
By Barney Jopson in Washington and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d13ff9e8-44c8-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Inc asks new iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus users to reinstall iOS 8 after update glitchesTech
Apple Inc asks new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus users to reinstall iOS 8 after update glitches
Reuters | Published:  Sep 25 2014, 22:15  IST
Sep 25 2014, 22:15  IST
 

BJP breaks alliance  blames Uddhav Thackeray s  inflexible  Shiv SenaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sony launches new flagship Xperia Z3 in India at Rs 51 990E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra and Mahindra unveils new ScorpioMahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting, prices it at Rs 7.98 lakh
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
 

Saradha Scam: After Artha Tatwa  CBI raids Seashore chit fund groupPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:20 pm
After several high-profile arrests including former advocate general Ashok Mohanty in the Artha Tatwa chit fund scam, the CBI on Thursday turned its attention to another chit fund firm Seashore Group. It conducted raids at 23 places including 17 in Orissa, 3 in Mumbai and one each in Bangalore, Kolkata and Dadra Nagar Haveli. CBI would probe 44 chit fund groups in the State.
Raids were conducted in residential places of its CMD Prashant Das, its former president, former vice-president, former Chief Executive Officer, five Directors & other employees of the Seashore Group of companies. The CBI team also raided an engineering college in Bhubaneswar where they found documents allegedly showing payment of around Rs.9 crores made by Das.
During searches, several other incriminating documents were recovered. Das is now in a jail in Koraput district in connection with the chit fund case.
Seashore headed by Das had at least 10 sister concerns some of which were registered under Multi-State Cooperative Societies Act and Orissa Self-Help Cooperative Societies Act. The Group was reportedly helped by several prominent politicians and bureaucrats in the State including Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra. The Group which entered into several agreements with Orissa government, collected Rs 1500 crore from people assuring them increased returns on their deposits, but failed to return money. It also started a TV channel STV which folded up a year after it started. The group also started companies like Soubhagya Drinks, Seashore Dairy Products, Seashore Pharmaceutical Industries, Seashore Biotech Private Limited, Seashore Pen Industries and Seashore Roller Flour Mill.
The group even bid to become the banking correspondent of Orissa and emerged as the lowest bidder by bidding minus 0.06%. to be the
intermediary between banks and the poor for all welfare payments and cash transfers in Odisha.
Last year, The Economic Offences Wing of the CID arrested Das from Mumbai. Before CBI took up the probe, 40 cases had been registered against the company with different police stations across the State.
The CID has already provided CBI with the list of documents, including the details of immovable properties of the group and its allied companies, farm houses, rice mill, apartments, land in different locations, gold bars, silver coins and expensive cars.
Apart from CBI, the Seashore chief is under the scanner of Enforcement Directorate, which this month filed a petition before the Court of
Khurda District and Sessions Judge seeking 15-day remand. The court is yet to pronounce its verdict.
Meanwhile, the Orissa High Court on Thursday asked the advocate of the arrested former AG Ashok Mohanty to move the Khurda district sessions court for bail and directed the CBI to submit the case diary by the first half on Friday. The Orissa High Court Bar Association is on a two-day strike since yesterday protesting the ‘unjustified’ arrest of Mohanty.

Apple s iOS 8 workaround to fix dropped cell...Apple releases iOS 8 workaround to fix dropped cell service
By Reuters | 25 Sep, 2014, 06.14PM IST
0
Share More
Apple Inc pulled back an update to its new operating system and offered a guide to revert to iOS 8 after many iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users complained.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc withdrew a faulty update to its latest operating system after many users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions, the latest in a series of glitches to mar the first week of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales.
Apple shares fell as much as nearly 4 percent to $97.72 in early trading on Thursday, to be the biggest drag on the Nasdaq Composite Index.
At that price, the stock had lost all its gains since the launch of the latest iPhones and the company's market value declined by $24 billion.
"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users, and are working around the clock to prepare iOS 8.0.2 with a fix for the issue, and will release it as soon as it is ready in the next few days," an Apple spokesperson said, according to a report on technology news website Recode. (http://on.recode.net/1vkEO5Y)
Apple officials were not available immediately for comment.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which started selling the new phones last Friday, complained about a drop in cellular service and inability to use the fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating the operating system to iOS 8.0.1.
Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last week, through the latest version of iTunes. Its health app will not work after the reinstallation, but will be fixed in iOS 8.0.2, the company said. (http://support.apple.com/kb/HT6487)
Some users had complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after updating to iOS 8 on Twitter and Apple forums, Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt)
The new phones also face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate" on social media and online forums, which have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans.
The phones' lightweight aluminum shell is more malleable than expected but this may not qualify as a design flaw, some analysts said.
Apple said on Monday it had already shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but did not comment on the bending reports.
Rival smartphone makers have tried to take advantage of Apple's problems.
Samsung released an advertisement showcasing a bending phone against its own product, while Blackberry Chief Executive John Chen said: "I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport."
Apple shares were down 3 percent at $98.73 on the Nasdaq just after midday.

Mukesh Ambani tops 100 billionaires in IndiaUpdated: September 25, 2014 23:50 IST
Mukesh Ambani tops 100 billionaires in India
PTI
celebrity
Topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes. With a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year. Mr. Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by $4.1 billion. Mr. Shanghvi is the new No. 2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place. Wipro’s Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group, which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons, with a new worth of $15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that “good days are here” for the India’s 100 richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with a combined wealth of $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.

Ventureast to exit three firmsUpdated: September 25, 2014 23:32 IST
Ventureast to exit three firms
Sanjay Vijayakumar
company information
The company’s $150 million tech-focussed fund The Ventureast Proactive Fund has 14 companies in its portfolio.
Venture capital firm Ventureast is looking for exit from three portfolio companies in its technology-focussed fund. The firm focuses on early stage investing or in other words Series A funding, where the deal size is between Rs.12 crore and Rs.30 crore.
The firm’s $150 million tech-focussed fund The Ventureast Proactive Fund has 14 companies in its portfolio.
“We are focusing on exits, which our investors will like to see. This market has taken a lot of investments in the last eight years, and the capital overhang should be swiped out of the system through exits,” Siddhartha Das, General Partner Ventureast, said.
Mr. Das also said the exit would happen in the next 12-18 months. The firm’s current portfolio includes loyalty and rewards management firm Loylty Rewardz; online pre-press, design and production services firm Ad2pro; Onemi’, an e-commerce firm that sells only on equal monthly instalments; and vocational training firm Orion Edutech.
Mr. Das noted that Ad2pro had received a lot of strategic investment offers from global firms. He declined to name the investors and also the other companies which the firm was looking to exit. One of the notable exits of Ventureast was Atyati Technologies, a technology platform provider for the rural banking sector in India, which was sold to Genpact in 2012.

Schneider rolls out smart panel conceptUpdated: September 25, 2014 23:20 IST
Schneider rolls out smart panel concept
Special Correspondent
new service
The solution offers to automate energy usage data collection to eliminate manual meter-reading.
Schneider Electric has come out with a smart panel concept aimed at helping achieve energy efficiency and energy management in buildings. The smart panel solution automates energy usage data collection to eliminate the time-consuming manual meter-reading.
These are equipped with metering, control and communication systems. Automatic metering at the source lets the users see exactly how and where the building is using energy.
It also performs intelligent cross references of energy usage by zones (offices, lobby, storage, etc.) with usage by type (lighting, heating, etc).
Smart panels use simple to install displays, and Ethernet and Modbus interfaces on the communication system, enabling data access locally as well as remotely over cloud.
Smart panels systems are ideal for new and existing large IT buildings, industrial establishments, retail premises, hotels, and public buildings, among others, said Shrinivas Chebbi, Vice-President – India and SAARC, Buildings Business, Schneider Electric India.
Smart panel solutions are being rolled out in 10 cities across the country.

Maharashtra rocked: BJP and Shiv Sena part ways  NCP says it s dumping CongressBJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 25, 2014
First Published: 11:24 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:28 IST(27/9/2014)
Two of India’s biggest parties - the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress – parted ways with their long-standing allies on Thursday following differences over sharing of seats in October’s assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Maharashtra heads for four-cornered elections after end of political alliances.
While The BJP and Shiv Sena ended their 25-year-old relationship that helped shape Hindu revivalist politics in the country, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) snapped ties 15 years after it allied with the Congress.  
 
The decisions, which came barely an hour apart with the BJP making the first announcement, throw open the election field in Maharashtra where the contest could now be four cornered. This could split the electorate and possibly throw up a hung house.
The 288-member state assembly goes to the polls on October 15 and September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The Sena, a part of the ruling combine at the Centre, said it would continue in the NDA. The Sena has 18 members in the Lok Sabha, the most for any NDA constituent after the BJP.
 
“It’s painful but there was no choice,” BJP’s state chief Devendra Fadnavis told reporters after days of negotiations failed to save what was among the longest political alliances in the country.
Read: Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorced
 
“The ‘Mahayuti' (grand alliance) sans the Shiv Sena will contest the polls. We will not criticise Shiv Sena during (the) campaign and remain friends.”
 
Over the past week or so, the two parties held several rounds of talks, emerging every time to blame each other for not being inflexible and accommodative of each other’s proposals.
 
Things came to a head earlier in the day with both sides saying they had exhausted all options. As contradictory reports emerged from Delhi and Mumbai, a high stakes game of brinkmanship unfolded.
Read: Why BJP broke ranks with Sena
Around early evening, it became clear that the Shiv Sena’s final offer of 151 seats was unacceptable to the BJP.
Traditionally, the Sena has contested more seats than the BJP. But after performing better than Sena in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP wanted larger share. The Sena, however, was not prepared to whittle down its share of 151 seats.
In less than an hour after BJP's announcement, the NCP, too, walked out on the Congress. “The Congress has been adamant and non-responsive despite our numerous attempts,” NCP state chief Sunil Tatkare said.
Read: Big egos spelt doom for saffron alliance
 
“The list of 118 candidates announced by the Congress had two names declared against the independent MLAs inducted by the NCP. This was against the agreement between the two parties,” senior NCP leader Praful Patel said. Party colleague and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said the NCP was pulling out of the state government.
 
Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is from the Congress, said the NCP was not serious about seat sharing and was waiting for the Sena-BJP split. “It was not practically possible for us to concede 144 seats to the NCP. Then they put forth the demand for sharing chief ministership which, was not acceptable,” he said.
Read: Split, but Sena maykeep berth at Centre
 
Both the Congress and the Sena alleged that there was a tacit understanding between the BJP and the NCP. “The NCP wants to get benefit of power at the Centre. I won’t be surprised if there is any unexpected announcement tomorrow,” Chavan said.
 
The parties are now competing to get smaller allies on their side. The BJP has managed to keep three of the four smaller allies and is trying to woo the fourth partner of the mahayuti, or the grand alliance. The Congress, it is learnt, is in talks with the Samajwadi Party.
 
Political experts predict a fractured mandate and say rivals may turn into allies to come to power. The BJP has already said it won’t target “friend” Shiv Sena.

Shiv Sena and BJP: How they married and divorcedprint
Back in the days when the BJP was still experimenting with Gandhian socialism and the party was not yet sure of Bal Thackeray's shrill Hindutva, the two parties had come briefly together for an election in 1983 - they lost.
But six years later, Pramod Mahajan, then the all-powerful general secretary of the patty realised that the Shiv Sena was increasingly occupying the Hindutva space and the BJP, now fully in the mood to take on the Babri Masjid could not afford to divide that vote which was already a miniscule one in a largely left of centre socialist state like Maharashtra.
But it was a random converastion with Thackeray that finally made up Mahajan's mind. Mahajan was lamenting the fact that Hindus never voted as Hindus - they were always divided by castes and other considerations. Bal Thackeray instantly shot back, "They will vote as Hindus if I ask them to."
"What do you mean?'' asked Mahajan.
"Well that was the complaint of the Maharashtrian community before the Shiv Sena was formed - that they never voted for Maharahtrians as Mahahstrians , they always chose either the Congress or the Communists. But I persuaded and compelled them to vote en masse as Maharashtrians. I know I can compel them to do so as Hindus as well.''
Mahajan took Thackeray for his word and, against the will of the RSS,  forged the BJP's most lasting alliance until today with the Shiv Sena. Before their tie up the Sena never managed to win more than a single seat in the assembly at different times - MLAs Wamanrao Mahadik, Pramod Navalkar, Chhagan Bhujbal- in different years. And the BJP never managed to send more than half dozen legislators at any time to the assembly. In 1990, with the first try, the two parties managed to elect 85 legislators and displaced the socialist parties like the Janata Dal and the PWP from the opposition space, wresting the position of leader of the Opposition for themselves (Manohar Joshi of the Shiv Sena became the first LoP).
At the next election in 1995, the two parties had romped home to victory and never looked back, for the BJP went on to win the Lok Sabha with Sena support and the NDA government with  more allies lasted a whole six years.
However, things went downhill for the Sena after the deaths of Mahajan and Bal Thackeray and the emergence of a more charismatic leader, Narendra Modi as the new Hindu Hriday Samrat. It was only a matter of time before the Sena would fight to retain its shared space with the BJP - and now its ally no longer finds the need to ride piggy back on the Thackerays.
The writing was on the wall long before today, but particularly after the results of the Lok Sabha elections when Modi emerged as a star and did not accommodate the Sena suitably in his cabinet.
The Sena must save its existence and the BJP needs to marginalise its ally to shed its dependence. The divorce was bound to happen.

Chinese companies open to making it in IndiaChinese companies open to making it in India
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, September 25, 2014
First Published: 21:24 IST(25/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(26/9/2014)
Comments
More than 150 Chinese companies attended the Beijing screening of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Make-it-India” speech on Thursday, seeking opportunities to invest and spelling out their apprehensions about doing business in India.
Organised at five-star hotel in Beijing by the Indian Embassy, the screening of Modi’s speech and the introduction to investing in India, was closely followed by the Chinese delegates; an indication, according to Indian diplomats, that many were keen to invest in India.
Speaking on the occasion, Lin Dajian from China’s National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the country’s top planning body, said there was a need to improve efficiency in the Indian business to strive towards economic growth.
China, she said, expects the Indian government to introduce preferential policies for Chinese companies.
“We hope Indian government introduces preferential policies and guidelines to smoothen the job for Chinese investors,” she said.
She added that the established framework for India-China economic dialogue should be strengthened.
Zhao Yan from the China Top 400 Foreign Trade Enterprises Club said the two countries are far from realising the true potential of bilateral trade.
“Last year, (Sino-India) trade was 65.4 billion USD. The China-Malaysia trade is more than 100 billion USD and trade with South Korea is more than 250 billion USD,” Zhao said.
Zhou Liliang from the TBEA Shenyang company, which manufactures power equipment, shared his experiences about setting up a factory in Gujarat.
Zhou recollected his first trip to India five years ago to carry out a feasibility study on putting up the factory. “After the study was completed, the company board agreed immediately to start the project,” he said.
It took more three more years before the factory was set up; it started working in June this year.
But Zhou is optimistic about the future and said the demand for power equipment in India is huge.
Bank of China, the country’s flagship state-owned bank, had a branch in India from 1941. But after the 1962 India-China war, the bank withdrew from India.
It was a decision that was regretted by the bank officials, Qiu Hengchang, heading the preparatory group that is working to set up a new branch in Mumbai, told the gathering.
Qiu said bureaucracy, lack of efficiency and acquiring land were some of the problems faced by Chinese companies investing in India.
The India branch, he said, is expected to open in Mumbai next year.
“Bank of China,” he said, “…was ready to play a part in India’s development,” he said.

Ashleys gamble on Tesco divides opinionAshley’s gamble on Tesco divides opinion in the City
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2407849a-44cc-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Encounter with realityPrint
Supreme Court’s order defining guidelines for encounter fatalities has been a long time coming — the appeal was first filed in 1999.
Written by K P S Gill | Posted: September 26, 2014 12:12 am | Updated: September 26, 2014 8:41 am
By: K.P.S. Gill
The Supreme Court’s order defining guidelines for encounter fatalities has been a long time coming —  the appeal was first filed in 1999. But it is a critical reiteration of the law at a time when there has been a tremendous deterioration in the top leadership of the police. The involvement of police officers, including many in the hallowed IPS, in cases of massive corruption, their extreme politicisation and at least some cases where “encounters” have allegedly been transformed into outright assassination at the behest of rival criminal gangs underline the necessity of procedural safeguards. The issue of encounters, fake and genuine, is crucial to the credibility of the police and of the justice system, particularly within a democratic polity. It is necessary to acknowledge that, while the police does, and must, have powers to take a man’s life under certain pressing circumstances, preventing the abuse of such powers has to be a concern.
The main thrust of the 16-point guidelines issued by the court endorses existing laws on the subject, the most significant of which are already followed in all but the most egregious cases. Crucially, an independent inquiry by a senior officer of a jurisdiction other than that of the operational unit involved or by an independent agency like the criminal investigation department of the state, in some cases, is routine in all encounter deaths. A magisterial inquiry under Section 176 of the Criminal Procedure Code has long been an option, but has rightly been made mandatory by the present order. Far from undermining the authority of the police, it will provide greater legitimacy to justifiable cases of the state’s use of lethal force and constrain the criminality of “ketchup heroes” who fabricate encounters to earn accolades and awards or abuse their powers for extraneous reasons.
There are, nevertheless, some difficulties with the order, not so much because the requirements themselves are unacceptable, but rather because of the dismal state of policing, and police and administrative capacity. The guidelines call for detailed evidence-gathering in the wake of each incident of death in encounters, including the immediate record of statements, dusting for fingerprints, recovery and preservation of evidentiary material “including blood-stained earth, hair, fibres and threads, etc”, preparation of topographical sketches of the location of the incident, gathering of evidence of weapons, including bullets, cartridges, testing for gunshot residues, etc. The truth is, even in cases of crime in police-dense metropolitan areas, standards of investigation are abysmal, and the court’s order makes no distinction between an encounter in such a city environment, crowd-control duties or counter-insurgency operations in remote and jungle locations.
Many encounters with armed insurgents involve scores, and sometimes hundreds, of armed miscreants continued…

Saradha Scam: After Artha Tatwa  CBI raids Seashore chit fundgroupPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: September 25, 2014 10:20 pm
After several high-profile arrests including former advocate general Ashok Mohanty in the Artha Tatwa chit fund scam, the CBI on Thursday turned its attention to another chit fund firm Seashore Group. It conducted raids at 23 places including 17 in Orissa, 3 in Mumbai and one each in Bangalore, Kolkata and Dadra Nagar Haveli. CBI would probe 44 chit fund groups in the State.
Raids were conducted in residential places of its CMD Prashant Das, its former president, former vice-president, former Chief Executive Officer, five Directors & other employees of the Seashore Group of companies. The CBI team also raided an engineering college in Bhubaneswar where they found documents allegedly showing payment of around Rs.9 crores made by Das.
During searches, several other incriminating documents were recovered. Das is now in a jail in Koraput district in connection with the chit fund case.
Seashore headed by Das had at least 10 sister concerns some of which were registered under Multi-State Cooperative Societies Act and Orissa Self-Help Cooperative Societies Act. The Group was reportedly helped by several prominent politicians and bureaucrats in the State including Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra. The Group which entered into several agreements with Orissa government, collected Rs 1500 crore from people assuring them increased returns on their deposits, but failed to return money. It also started a TV channel STV which folded up a year after it started. The group also started companies like Soubhagya Drinks, Seashore Dairy Products, Seashore Pharmaceutical Industries, Seashore Biotech Private Limited, Seashore Pen Industries and Seashore Roller Flour Mill.
The group even bid to become the banking correspondent of Orissa and emerged as the lowest bidder by bidding minus 0.06%. to be the
intermediary between banks and the poor for all welfare payments and cash transfers in Odisha.
Last year, The Economic Offences Wing of the CID arrested Das from Mumbai. Before CBI took up the probe, 40 cases had been registered against the company with different police stations across the State.
The CID has already provided CBI with the list of documents, including the details of immovable properties of the group and its allied companies, farm houses, rice mill, apartments, land in different locations, gold bars, silver coins and expensive cars.
Apart from CBI, the Seashore chief is under the scanner of Enforcement Directorate, which this month filed a petition before the Court of
Khurda District and Sessions Judge seeking 15-day remand. The court is yet to pronounce its verdict.
Meanwhile, the Orissa High Court on Thursday asked the advocate of the arrested former AG Ashok Mohanty to move the Khurda district sessions court for bail and directed the CBI to submit the case diary by the first half on Friday. The Orissa High Court Bar Association is on a two-day strike since yesterday protesting the ‘unjustified’ arrest of Mohanty.

EU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practicesEU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practices
By Reuters | 26 Sep, 2014, 12.09AM IST
Regulators in six European countries have opened investigations into Google after it consolidated its 60 privacy policies into one.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: European data privacy regulators on Thursday handed Google a package of guidelines to help it bring the way it collects and stores user data in line with EU law after six regulators opened investigations into the internet giant.
The group of European data protection authorities, known as the Article 29 Working Party, sent Google a list of measures it could implement, such as spelling out clearly for what purposes it collects user data and what third party entities would also be able to collect people's information.
Regulators in six European countries, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Britain and the Netherlands, have opened investigations into Google after it consolidated its 60 privacy policies into one and started combining data collected on individual users across its services, including YouTube , Gmail and Google Maps.
It gave users no means to opt out.
In January France's data protection authority, the CNIL, fined Google 150,000 euros ($191,100) for failing to bring its new privacy policy in line with local law.
A spokesman for the company said Google was open to the regulators' feedback and looked forward to discussing the list of guidelines.
"We have worked with the different data protection authorities across Europe to explain our privacy policy changes," said Al Verney.
The fines for privacy breaches remain small in most countries when compared with the $12.2 billion net profit Google earned in 2013.
Google has actively responded to a separate European court ruling that it must remove links from internet search results under a person's name if the information is inadequate or irrelevant. It is currently holding consultations in seven European capitals to debate the balance between privacy and the freedom of information.

US has identified masked man in beheading vi...You are here: Home > Collections
US has identified masked man in beheading videos
AP Sep 25, 2014, 11.52PM IST
Tags:
David Haines
(In late August, British…)
WASHINGTON: The US believes it has identified the British-accented masked man in the videos depicting the beheadings of two American journalists and a British aid worker, the FBI director says.
FBI Director James Comey told reporters at its headquarters he would not reveal the man's name or nationality.
Comey did not address whether the US believes the man actually carried out the killings himself. The beheadings are not shown in the videos.
In the three videos, the man speaks British-accented English. He holds a long knife and appears to begin cutting the three men, American reporters James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines .
In late August, British Ambassador Peter Westmacott said his country was close to identifying the Islamic State group militant.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Intel Corp to invest in Chinese mobile chipm...Intel to invest up to $1.5 billion in two Chinese mobile chipmakers
By Reuters | 26 Sep, 2014, 12.08AM IST
Conversely, the deal would provide two Chinese chipmakers support from a US semiconductor giant on chip design and development
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp said it will pay as much as $1.5 billion for a 20 per cent stake in two mobile chipmakers with ties to the Chinese government, in the hopes of catching up in a smartphone chip industry dominated by rival Qualcomm Inc .
Intel will acquire the stake in Spreadtrum Communications and RDA Microelectronics through a deal with Tsinghua Unigroup, a government-affiliated private equity firm which owns the two mobile chipmakers.
The US semiconductor company, more known for chips used in personal computers, has struggled to gain traction in the smartphone and tablet market. The landmark deal would give Intel a greater foothold in the Chinese mobile chip market, which has become a nexus of the global smartphone industry.
Conversely, the deal would provide two Chinese chipmakers support from a US semiconductor giant on chip design and development, an area deemed to be of vital strategic importance by the government in Beijing.
"It has become a national priority of China to grow its semiconductor industry," said Tsinghua Unigroup Chairman Zhao Weiguo in a statement released by Intel on Friday.
"The strategic collaboration between Tsinghua Unigroup and Intel ranges from design and development to marketing and equity investments, which demonstrate Intel's confidence in the Chinese market and strong commitment to Chinese semiconductor industry."
Speculation of the deal has been rife in the Chinese press for several weeks. The announcement confirmed a report by Reuters earlier Friday.
Intel's stake will be via a newly created holding company that owns the units Spreadtrum Communications and RDA Microelectronics, Unigroup said, adding that the deal is still waiting for government approval.
Unigroup is controlled by the prestigious Tsinghua University in Beijing. The institution counts China's President Xi Jinping as one of its alumni.
The government in Beijing has said in published policy papers that it views semiconductors as an industry of vital strategic importance and hopes to spur its development domestically.
INTEL'S NEW CEO
Since Brian Krzanich took the helm last year, Intel has pursued an array of deals and strategies to ensure its chip technology gets into more smartphones and tablets. The newest investment comes less than six months after Intel reached an agreement with Chinese chip maker Rockchip to make inexpensive tablet chips with Intel's architecture and branding.
The CEO has also opened the chipmaker's prized, cutting-edge factories to paying customers. More recently he has struck partnerships in the fashion world with companies such as Fossil Group and Opening Ceremony to design stylish smart clothing.
"Intel's new CEO has proven to be willing to take on new partnerships and approach new business opportunities that stray from prior conventions," said Suji Da Silva, an analyst at Topeka Capital Markets, before the announcement. "They should do as much of this as they need to be in markets that are important to them."
While Intel excels at developing processors for laptops and desktop computers, it has less experience designing "system on chips" or SoCs, the key processors on mobile devices, which combine features such as modems, WiFi and memory.
The company's stock has risen 32 per cent this year, in part because of stabilisation of demand for personal computers.
With demand for smartphones cooling in the United States, manufacturers have increased their focus to China, where demand is strong for handsets priced under $150.
Spreadtrum is one of several chipmakers that specialise in turnkey smartphone platforms that are easy for manufacturers to use.

The BJPs new avatarUpdated: September 26, 2014 00:27 IST
The BJP’s new avatar
Varghese K. George
The Hindu LOOKING AHEAD: The resistance from within and outside without to the Narendra Modi-Amit Shah format of the BJP will play out in the coming months.
INFOGRAPHIC
national politics
With all powers being concentrated in Narendra Modi and Amit Shah, party office-bearers, Ministers and MPs are left with little elbow room for any manoeuvring
The appointment of Amit Shah as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president, followed by the constitution of a new parliamentary board, firmly announced the takeover of the BJP by a new generation, replacing the previous one. The transformation of the saffron party from the hopeless situation it found itself in May 2009 to the triumph of May 2014 has been phenomenal. In fact, until 2012, by when the anti-corruption movement inspired by Anna Hazare had gained traction, the BJP’s chances were bleak, and in that sense it took just two years for the party to emerge as the primary pole of Indian politics from being in the margins at the Centre for a decade.
As the BJP readies for the first round of Assembly elections since the Lok Sabha election, in Haryana and Maharashtra, there are three facets that make the new avatar of the saffron party distinct from its earlier versions.
Shift of centre of gravity
The first characteristic of the new BJP is the shift of its centre of gravity from States to the Centre. After the eclipse of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, L.K. Advani’s command over the party gradually eroded even as its State leaders began to wield more and more power. Between 2009 and until Narendra Modi was declared the prime ministerial candidate, the BJP hardly had a central leadership that commanded any nationwide authority. The party’s strength was its Chief Ministers and leaders at the regional level. Mr. Modi, Raman Singh, B.S. Yeddyurappa, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Vasundhara Raje Scindia, Rajnath Singh, Nitin Gadkari, Gopinath Munde, Kalyan Singh, Uma Bharti and others held sway in their respective spheres of influence. One of them, Mr. Modi, emerged as a national leader, with his extraordinary sense of mass politics, and reversed the situation. The BJP today is centralised like it has never been; even when Mr. Vajpayee remained tall, he did not have absolute control, demonstrated by his failed attempts to remove Mr. Modi as Chief Minister of Gujarat in 2002. It was the projection of influential, affable, relatively clean and reasonably efficient leaders at the State level that helped the party win elections in the States. With Haryana and Maharashtra, that practice has been abandoned. The BJP will have no chief ministerial candidate in Haryana; in Maharashtra the party’s claim for the post itself is in dispute with its ally — the Shiv Sena. The party has already indicated that in the Jharkhand and Bihar Assembly elections later, it is unlikely to announce any chief ministerial candidate. Mr. Modi will be the main vote-catcher for the party in all these elections.
The second facet of the new BJP flows from the first — that is the nature of the exercise of authority at the Centre. With all powers being concentrated in two individuals, namely Mr. Modi and Mr. Shah, party office-bearers, Ministers and Members of Parliament are left with little elbow room for any manoeuvring. Party MPs resentfully joke that they are scared to be at their residences as they are not in a position to oblige constituents who land up for petty favours or other interventions in the government. But Ministers, MPs and office-bearers are not in a position to rebel. Few of them have any political base of their own; far from aspiring for more, they will soon be struggling to preserve what they have. Going by the ‘Gujarat model’ of beating anti-incumbency, a good number of the sitting MPs could be denied nomination in 2019.
Dealing with alliance partners
The third characteristic of the new BJP is visible in its dealings with its allies. The Sangh Parivar’s political alliance-making follows a pattern of three different phases before it establishes primacy in a particular region.
In the first phase, the Jan Sangh, the BJP’s forebear, even surrendered its own identity to be part of the Janata Party, to gain legitimacy that it lacked after the involvement of people linked with the Parivar to the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. That phase ended with the break-up of the Janata Party over the question of dual membership — i.e., about allowing party members to retain their membership of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh — with the Parivar gaining a lot of legitimacy and keeping its ideology intact. The BJP was hence born. After a brief spell of isolation, it entered into alliances with some rump of the Janata Party in various States, and joined the government as a junior partner. In West Bengal, it gained foothold with an alliance with Mamata Banerjee’s Trinamool Congress. In the early 1990s, the BJP was a junior partner in Gujarat, until 2008 it had a junior status in Karnataka, and until 2013 it was so in Bihar. In all the three States, the BJP is now a prime pole of politics. At the national level, the formation of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) under Mr. Vajpayee resolved the second legitimacy crisis that the party faced, after the demolition of the Babri Masjid in 1992. Whether as a junior partner in many States or as the leader of the NDA, the BJP was dependent on allies who set the terms of engagement — that was the second phase in BJP’s alliance-making.
In the third stage of its growth, in relative terms with its allies, the BJP manages to leapfrog as an independent force, often replacing and liquidating its erstwhile partners in many States, or reducing them into complete dependents. That process was complete in Gujarat by the mid-1990s. It is at an advanced stage now in Karnataka and Bihar, and under way in Odisha, though still at a rudimentary stage. At the Centre, the BJP under the Modi-Shah leadership has overwhelmed its alliance partners already, with the Lok Sabha majority it commands on its own. The coercive politics of the likes of Ram Vilas Paswan, Chandrababu Naidu and the Badals is now a distant memory.
However, beyond the electoral triumph, and despite the three evidently distinctive characteristics — namely, the shift of power from States to the Centre, the absence of any balancing factor in the exercise of power by the Prime Minister and the party’s pre-eminence over alliance partners — the new BJP is still a work in progress. The party’s inability to sufficiently accommodate caste interest groups in the new format has already been proved to be expensive in the by-elections in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar; its hard talk with its oldest ally, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, has not yielded the optimal results. The resistance from within and outside to the Modi-Shah format of the BJP will play out in the coming months.
varghese.g@thehindu.co.in

5 firms get sub-licence to make new AIDS drugmedicine
The generic companies will begin development plans for a promising HIV product
The Medicines Patent Pool (MPP) has announced six new sub-licences with Aurobindo, Cipla, Emcure, Hetero Labs, Laurus Labs and Desano to allow generic manufacture of anti-AIDS drug tenofovir alafenamide (TAF). This follows MPP’s signing a licence with U.S. pharmaceutical major Gilead Sciences Inc. for the company’s TAF, which is a novel investigational medicine.
A statement from MPP said the announcement comes a day after Gilead released positive results on two of its TAF Phase III studies which suggest that the medicine has the potential to play a large role in the international community’s efforts to scale up HIV treatment. The sub-licence is for the generic manufacturers to make the generic versions of TAF for 112 developing countries.
Development plans
“The generic companies will begin development plans for a promising, HIV product simultaneous with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s review to expedite access to low and middle-income countries once the medicine is approved,’’ Greg Perry, Executive Director, MPP, said in a statement. “This is revolutionary in its approach to ensuring more people living with HIV have access to newer options for treating the disease.’’
In studies, TAF had demonstrated comparable antiviral efficacy to that of 300 milligram tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) — a World Health Organization-preferred HIV therapy — but at a dose that is one-tenth. “The smaller milligram dose may also allow lower production costs, as well as greater ease in developing new fixed-dose combinations and single table regimens,’’ the statement said.
Geneva-based MPP was created to increase access to quality, appropriate, affordable medicines for people living with HIV in developing countries. It facilitates the production of low-cost versions of existing medicines as well as the development of new formulations. The MPP was formed through innovative financing mechanism UNITAID.

Lloyds to sell 11.5% stake in TSBLloyds sells 11.5% stake in TSB
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/adaff992-44d7-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee plunges to 7-wk low against dollar to close at 61.34Forex Update: Rupee plunges to 7-week low vs US dollar, down 38 paise at 61.34
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 18:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Dropping for the fourth straight day, the rupee on Thursday fell 38 paise to end at seven-week low of 61.34 against the Greenback following slump in local shares and sustained month-end dollar demand from importers.
A sharp rise in dollar value overseas, including the Euro after a set of solid data in the US, also weighed on the rupee that on Thursday logged worst single-day fall since September 15.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit commenced slightly better at 60.94, which was also the day's high, from previous close of 60.96.
Rupee, however, started losing ground in line with weakness in stocks and touched a low of 61.4150 - a level not seen since August 8, 2014 when it had registered intra-day low of 61.74.
Finally, the Indian currency settled at seven-week low of 61.34, logging a steep fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent. This closing is the rupee's weakest since 61.49 on August 6, 2014.
In four straight days, the rupee has stumbled by 86 paise or 1.41 per cent. Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex, said: The rupee depreciated as upbeat US home sales data fuelled further expectations for an early rate hike by the Federal Reserve .
The rupee also weakened as state-run banks bought dollars, possibly on behalf of exporters. Month-end importer demand also weighed on the rupee. The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Thursday plunged by 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent to one-month lows.
FPIs/ FIIs sold shares worth $112.91 million on Wednesday, as per Sebi data. The dollar index was up by 0.37 per cent against a basket of six major global currencies after US housing data showed strong surge.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.80 to 61.80".

RIL s Rs 1.8 lakh cr investment will fructify in 15 mthsRIL's Rs 1.8 lakh cr investment will fructify in 15 mths, says Mukesh Ambani
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 15:08 IST
RIL Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani .
Reliance Group Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani said on Thursday that the company's over Rs 1.8 lakh crore investments will fructify in 12-15 months.
These investments will help in creation of 1.25 lakh jobs, he said.
"We have exports of over Rs 2,75,000 crore to over 140 countries and our investments of over Rs 1,80,000 crore are coming into fruition in the next 12-15 months. We would be creating be over 1,25,000 jobs in India in the next 12-15 months," Ambani said at the launch of government's "Make in India" programme.
He said in order to succeed in the 'Make in India' movement it is important to be open to capital and expertise from all over the globe.
"It is important to connect village clusters with the international markets and not only domestic markets by building the physical infrastructure and virtual infrastructure so that all our goods and services are connected to all markets," Ambani said.
He also lauded the initiatives taken by the government on implementing the Goods and Services Tax, saying it will make India one market and strengthen the programme.
The $66 billion RIL Group's activities span exploration and production of oil and gas, petroleum refining and marketing, petrochemicals, textiles, retail, infotel and special economic zones.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday kicked off the "Make in India" programme that will focus on creating physical infrastructure as well as building a digital network for making India a hub for global manufacturing of goods ranging from cars to softwares, satellites to submarines and paper to power.

Top six accessories for gaming consolesBuy remote controls, joy sticks, stands and more to enhance your gaming experience
Enhance your gaming experience by adding these top six accessories to your newly purchased consoles.
XBOX ONE WIRELESS CONTROLLER
Xbox One Wireless Controller
Add a spare Xbox One Wireless Controller to the gaming room. The new Impulse Triggers deliver fingertip vibration feedback, so that one can feel the jolt and crash in high definition. It has redesigned thumbsticks and an all new D-pad for greater precision.
Price: Rs 3,599
ENERGIZER 2X CHARGING SYSTEM FOR XBOX ONE
Energizer 2X charging system
For an amazing gaming experience, the controllers much be charged. The Energizer 2X charging system ends the trouble of plugging in rechargeable batteries again and again. It comes with two Energizer Recharge batteries that are compatible with Xbox One controllers, keeping you powered up and ready to play. It charges up to two controllers at once, and has green and red LED lights to check the status of the battery pack while charging.
Price: $29.99
THRUSTMASTER T80 RACING WHEEL JOYSTICK
Thrustmaster T80 Racing Wheel Joystick
If you are into racing games, then having a racing wheel is a must. The Thrustmaster T80 Racing Wheel Joystick has a large pedal set. It has auto centering, linear resistance and fully programmable functions that make racing fun.
Price: Rs 8,999
PYTHONS VERTICAL STAND FOR PS4 CONSOLE (BLACK)
Pythons vertical stand for PS4
Setting up a console along with the regular set-top box and other equipment can be messy. If you have space constrains, get yourself a vertical stand for PS4. The Pythons Stand in black complements the PS4 colour and has a sleek and compact design.
Price: Rs 1,279
XBOX ONE MEDIA REMOTE
Xbox One Media Remote
The Xbox One Media Remote allows you to control the OneGuide, Blu-ray movies, streaming video, apps, TV power and volume. It features backlit keys that light up automatically, and gives direct access to the OneGuide.
Price: Rs 1,899
SONY PLAYSTATION 4 DUAL SHOCK CONTROLLER (BLACK)
Sony PS4 DualShock Controller
A single controller isn't enough when you have friends and siblings around and you want to play a multiplayer game. You can get Sony's DualShock Controller for such instances. This PS4 wireless controller features a light bar with coloured LEDs that illuminate to match the game play on the screen. Available at leading online retail stores, this one is being offered at a discount of up to Rs 500.
Price: Rs 4,999

Coalgate flames may scorch the economySC verdict on coal block allocation to hurt economy
Harish V. Nair     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 11:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
It's curtains for almost all coal block allocations of the last two decades and a rough ride ahead for big investors, banks, and possibly even the economy. The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled 214 of 218 coal block allocations to various private companies since 1993, calling the process "fatally flawed, non-transparent and arbitrary". On the chopping block was, however, Rs 6.87 lakh crore of investment in coal blocks and end-use plants.
"Beneficiaries of the illegal process must suffer the consequences. Our judgement highlights the illegality and arbitrariness in the allotment of the blocks and these consequence proceedings are intended to correct the wrong done by the Union of India. These proceedings look to the future by highlighting the wrong; it is expected that the government will not deal with the natural resources that belong to the country as if they belong to a few individuals who can fritter them away at their sweet will," the bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha-who retires on Friday-said in a hard-hitting judgment.
The order is reminiscent of the cancellation of all 122 2G spectrum licenses in February 2012 on ground of arbitrariness. The bench refused to sympathise with private companies which vehemently argued against cancellation by pleading that a total of Rs 2.87 lakh crore have been invested in 157 coal blocks and Rs 4 lakh crore in end-use plants.
SHADOW
Former Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai
Many wrongs were righted on Wednesday, but a long shadow did fall on the economy. The power sector, two-thirds of whose output is from coal, made it to the endangered list. Banks which have pumped in huge amounts to finance projects related to the coal blocks have been left exposed. Senior officials say as many as 12 major power projects, involving an investment of Rs 36,000 crore for a projected generation capacity of 7,230 MW, are crippled by a shortage of coal. Power generation units commissioned after 2009 that have a cumulative capacity of 42,480 MW are currently getting only about two-thirds of their coal requirement from domestic mines. India has the world's fifth largest reserves of coal but is among the biggest three importers. The monsoon hasn't been too good either this year, and India's ports aren't exactly raring to handle a sudden rush of coal.
CII president Ajay Shriram said the judgement would "jeopardise the investments made in the sector" and "raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate". Banks, public as well as private, have been left out on a limb. The State Bank of India admitted to an exposure of Rs 50,000 crore, while the Industrial Development Bank of India put its exposure at Rs 2,000 crore.
Adding to the agony of the allottees, the Supreme Court directed them to pay within three months an additional levy of Rs 295 per metric tonne of coal extracted to "compensate financial loss caused to the exchequer by the illegal and arbitrary allotments". The only relief is the six months of breathing time allowed to wind up operations-by March 31, 2015. This, the court said, is for the allottees to "adapt to the changed situation, adjust and manage their affairs".
All private firms allotted blocks by UPA and NDA governments stood to lose. Only four blocks-three related to Ultra Mega Power Projects of the government and one of Steel Authority of India Limited have been saved from the guillotine. The court allowed the Centre and Coal India to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are operational.
Wednesday's order paves the way for the Centre to put remaining 172 blocks for auction. For the past two years, the court had been scrutinising coal block allocations since 1993 on two Public Interest litigations, one of them filed by lawyer and activist Prashant Bhushan and the other by lawyer Manohar Lal Sharma seeking cancellation of blocks on the ground that rules were flouted in giving away natural resources and that certain companies were favoured in this process.
ILLEGAL
The court had on August 25 termed all 218 allocations illegal but decided to hear the Centre, allottees and sponge iron and steel manufacturers on the consequences.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi had said the government was agreeable to cancellation of licences of allotees who were still holding letters of allotment and had not still entered into mining agreements but had pleaded with the court to save 46 blocks which were functional. The court in its judgment said: "Learned Attorney General identified 46 coal blocks that could be saved from the guillotine, since all of them have commenced production or are on the verge of commencing production. As these allocations are also illegal and arbitrary they are also liable to be cancelled."
Terming the allotments "illegal", the court had on August 25 said: "Entire allocation by Screening Committee from 14.07.1993 in 36 meetings and the allocation through the Government dispensation route suffers from arbitrariness and legal flaws. Screening Committee has never been consistent, it has not been transparent, there is no proper application of mind, it has acted on no material in many cases, relevant factors have seldom been its guiding factors, there was no transparency and guidelines have seldom guided it. On many occasions, guidelines have been honoured more in their breach".
The wrongdoings of the great coal rush have been addressed but the price may end up causing an inordinate amount of hurt.
GUIDELINES BY THE APEX COURT ON COAL BLOCKS
>> "Except two allocations made to Ultra Mega Power Projects and the two allocations made to the Central government public sector undertaking not having any joint venture, all other allocations are cancelled."
>> "Cancellation of blocks will take effect only after six months from March 31, 2015. Six months is being given since the Centre and Coal India Ltd would need time to adjust to the changed situation and move forward.This period will also give adequate time to the coal block allottees to adjust and manage their affairs."
>> "Allottees other than four coal blocks exempted by the order must pay an amount of `295 per metric tonne of coal extracted as an additional levy."
>> "Scrutiny by the CBI in respect of allotment of 12 blocks out of 46 will continue and be taken to its logical conclusion."
SC ON THE 172 (80 ALREADY REVOKED BY GOVT) WHO WERE JUST HOLDING LETTERS OF ALLOTMENT
"As far as this category of coal block allotments is concerned, they must be cancelled. There is no reason to save them from cancellation. The allocations are illegal and arbitrary; the allottees have not yet entered into any mining lease and they have not yet commenced production. Whether they are 95% ready or 92% or 90% ready for production (as argued by some learned counsel) is wholly irrelevant. Their allocation was illegal and arbitrary, as already held, and therefore we quash all these allotments."
SC ON 46 FUNCTIONAL BLOCKS GOVT WANTED TO BE SAVED
"The Attorney General identified 46 coal blocks that could be saved from the guillotine, since all of them have commenced production or are on the verge of commencing production. As these allocations are also illegal and arbitrary, they are also liable to be cancelled." *Four of these were, however, not cancelled by the apex court.

Sensex falls 276 pts  closes at 1-mth lowMarket Update: Sensex falls 276 pts to 1-mth low, oil, metal stocks bleed
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 17:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Thursday slumped for the third straight day with Sensex losing over 276 points to end at 1-month low on losses in metal, power and banking bluechips due to mass cancellation of coal mines and sharp drop in oil & gas shares on government deferring a hike in gas price.
Besides, caution prevailed on the last day of September derivative contracts that also influenced cash market sentiments. Turnover at BSE and NSE exchanges crossed Rs 7.2 lakh crore in late trades.
The BSE Sensex after a better opening at 26,808.66, advanced to 26,814.20, tracking positive global cues on strong US economic data. However, selling pressure emerged in blue-chip stocks led by oil and metal stocks which forced the index to touch intra-day low of 26,349.55.
The Sensex finally settled at 26,468.36, down 276.33 points, or 1.03 per cent. This is its weakest closing since August 26. The 30-share gauge has lost 730 points in 3 days.
As many as 23 stocks closed with losses led by Axis Bank, SBI , Hindalco, BHEL, RIL, ICICI Bank and ONGC.
However, TCS, Dr Reddys and GAIL closed higher among seven Sensex gainers. Metal stocks such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Bhushan Steel, Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat remained under pressure due to Supreme Court cancelling mines. Jaypee group stocks Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power and Jaypee Infratech fell 13-19 per cent after a deal to sell 3 hydro projects failed.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty plunged 90.55 points, or 1.13 per cent, to close at 7,911.85 after shuttling between 8,019.30 and 7,877.35 intra-day. Oil and gas scrips remained weak as government decided to postpone revision in gas prices till November 15.
In a major blow to corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday had quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Meanwhile, FPIs sold shares worth a Rs 793.65 crore on Wednesday as per the provisional data.
IT stocks like Infosys and TCS were, however, upbeat after Accenture said it expects better profits this fiscal. Sectorwise, the BSE Realty index suffered the most by plunging 3.21 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas (3.08 per cent), Metal index (3 per cent), Power index (2.8 per cent), Banking index (2.69 per cent) and Capital Goods (1.91 per cent). Small-cap index shed 3.21 per cent and Mid-cap index slumped by 2.4 per cent.

Jaypee Group inks pact to sell 3 power plants to JSW energyJaypee Group inks pact to sell 3 power plants to JSW energy
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:12 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Jaypee Group on Thursday, in its third attempt to strike a deal for its power assets, inked a binding pact with JSW Energy for selling three projects, including two hydel plants.
The announcement came a day after Jaiprakash Power's proposed sale of three hydro projects fell through. In July, Jaypee Group had announced Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) withdrew from nearly Rs 10,000 crore deal to acquire its two hydel power projects.
"JSW Energy Limited (JSW) and Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited (JPVL), today announced the signing of binding Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), for the 100 per cent acquisition by JSW of three operational plants of JPVL," the companies said in similarly-worded statements.
While financial details of the deal were not disclosed, the companies sai the plants under the deal were - 300 MW Baspa-II Hydro Electric Plant, 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Plant and 500 MW Bina Thermal Power Plant.
Jaypee Group was looking to sell the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt. JPVL and Reliance Power had been in talks for two months before calling off the deal.
In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
As per industry sources, the talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Shares of Jaiprakash Power Ventures surged nearly 9 per cent on Friday on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), to trade at Rs 12.80 per scrip in morning trade.

S Subramaniam led Titan bring social changesStory
Bringing Social Change
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam.
S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Category: Commitment towards triple bottomline
Winner: S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam. The watch and jewellery maker has expanded its social welfare initiatives and has also supported wind turbine and solar power projects.
Titan's township at Hosur now does not house its staff alone. The company's project for its artisans - Karigar Parks - is a model for social development and profitability going hand in hand.
"We have brought in social changes but we've brought this along with our business model," says Subramaniam.
*An earlier version of the article carried the company name as Titan Industries in place of Titan Company. Changes have been made.

Sensex seen at 32 500 level by end-2015Sensex to reach 32,500 level by end-2015: Reuters poll
Siddharth Iyer     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 21:15 IST
The BSE Sensex will jump to new record highs over the next year and beyond as a brighter economic outlook will attract foreign investment even if the US Federal Reserve tightens policy, a Reuters poll predicted.
The benchmark index, which closed Wednesday at 26,744.69 points, will gain nearly 5 per cent more to reach 28,000 by the end of this year and scale 30,750 by the middle of 2015, according to the consensus view of 18 analysts polled in the past week.
The Sensex then is expected to touch 32,500 by the end of 2015, a 22 per cent gain from Wednesday. If realised, that would probably make it one of the best performing global equity markets, certainly better than its peers in emerging markets.
Indian market has soared more than 25 per cent so far this year on anticipation and follow-through after a landslide election of a new government in May, the first majority government in New Delhi for three decades.
That compares with a roughly 10 per cent rise in Brazil and Shanghai shares over the same period.
Foreign investors pumped over Rs 76,200 crore ($12.5 billion) into shares between March and August, nearly six times what they invested during the same period last year.
Only 6 of 18 analysts who answered an additional question said a US Fed interest rate hike, expected in the second quarter of next year, would draw those foreign investors away from the Indian market.
India's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, the fastest in over two years. That is well ahead of growth in the US and the pace expected in many other comparable emerging markets.
"The fundamentals for India are improving. Consumption is gradually picking up, confidence is improving," said Ravi Muthukrishnan Co-Head Research at ICICI Securities.
Inflation has also slowed, which will give the Reserve Bank of India room to cut interest rates in the second quarter of next year, according to a separate Reuters poll published this week.
"Inflation is within the RBI's comfort (zone) and when they start to bring interest rates down, that will be another leg up for the whole economy and markets," Neeraj Dhawan, director at Quantum Securities.
A majority of analysts said the Sensex has not already priced in expected economic reforms by the new government.
Since taking over in May, the government has only made minor reforms such as loosening the cap on foreign investment into railway infrastructure and defence manufacturing, but tax reforms have yet to be decided.
"I expect fresh reform such as goods and service tax implementation, and opening of FDI into other avenues to be triggers that will take the Sensex higher next year," said CA Rudramurthy, Research Head at Vachana Securities.
(1 U.S. dollar =  Rs 60.9700)
(Reuters)

India to become business-friendly  says PM ModiWe will make govt transparent, responsive, accountable, says PM Narendra Modi
Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:39 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Asserting that there is a "high tide of hope for change" in India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the country will be open and friendly for business and ideas to make it a new global manufacturing hub.
"We will create world-class infrastructure that India badly needs to accelerate growth and meet people's basic needs. We will make our cities and towns habitable, sustainable and smart; and we will make our villages the new engines of economic transformation," Modi said.
"' Make in India ' is our commitment - and an invitation to all - to turn India into a new global manufacturing hub. We will do what it takes to make it a reality," Modi wrote in an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal.
The Prime Minister said the country will pursue its dreams in partnership with its international friends.
"History tells us that India's natural instinct is to be open to the world. India will be open and friendly for business, ideas, research, innovations and travel," Modi said.
"In the coming months, you will feel the difference even before you begin your travel to India."
The Prime Minister, who arrives in New York on Friday on his maiden five-day visit to the United States, said, "There is a high tide of hope for change in India."
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
Modi said that 1.25 billion people spoke unequivocally this May for political stability, good governance and rapid development, adding that India has a government with a majority in the Lok Sabha, for the first time in 30 years.
"A young nation with 800 million people under age 35, India is brimming with optimism and confidence. The young people's energy, enthusiasm and enterprise are India's greatest strength. Unleashing those attributes is my government's biggest mission," the 64-year-old prime minister said.
"We will pursue this mission by eliminating unnecessary laws and regulations, making bureaucratic processes easier and shorter, and ensuring that our government is more transparent, responsive and accountable.
"It has been said that doing the thing right is as important as doing the right thing," Modi said.
(PTI)

Sun Pharma stocks surge 6%  its highest gain since April 9Sun Pharma stocks surge 6 per cent, heads towards biggest daily gain in 5-1/2 months
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 16:11 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries gained more than 6 per cent on Friday, heading towards biggest single-day gain since April 9.
Credit Suisse said Sun Pharma has received a Form 483 from the US FDA on a Gujarat facility. FDA's Form 483 is a letter that notifies company of objectionable conditions.
Traders also said that there are low chances of an import alert. Credit Suisse noted that letter given to Sun contained "no data integrity issues" and says chances of an import alert are "low."
Ranbaxy Laboratories, which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma, is also up 5.5 percent.
Sun Pharma said on September 12 that the FDA inspected its plant, but expected "no material impact."
Sun Pharma spokesman did not  immediately respond to request for comment.
(Reuters)
* An earlier version of the story mentioned Ranbaxy Laboratories as a unit of Sun Pharma. Actually, it's in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma. Correction has been done.

Titan s Subramaniam is devoted to bring social changeStory
Bringing Social Change
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam.
S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
Category: Commitment towards triple bottomline
Winner: S. Subramanium, CFO and ED, Titan Company
For the past years Titan has been measuring its performance on three dimensions - social, environmental and financial - under its finance chief Subbu Subramaniam. The watch and jewellery maker has expanded its social welfare initiatives and has also supported wind turbine and solar power projects.
Titan's township at Hosur now does not house its staff alone. The company's project for its artisans - Karigar Parks - is a model for social development and profitability going hand in hand.
"We have brought in social changes but we've brought this along with our business model," says Subramaniam.
*An earlier version of the article carried the company name as Titan Industries in place of Titan Company. Changes have been made.

Amkett EvoTV MC is a value for money box for older TVsPrice: Rs 5,500
Rating: 4.5/5
Specs: 1 GB Arm Cortex with 400 Mali, 1 GB RAM, 4 GB internal storage, Android 4.0.4
Couple of years ago, the flat panel smart TVs used to cost a bomb. At that time, Amkette had launched its EvoTV, a compact box that could add smart TV functionality to even a CRT TV. It also bundled as a media centre and a gaming centre. While many were impressed with this device, it did fail to catch my fancy then. The company has upgraded the EvoTV and the one we tested is EvoTV MC.
It is a cheaper variant of this smart box that comes with a changed UI. It looks exactly same as the original EvoTV. It is a compact box that can be placed under the TV, along with the set-top box. It offers a host of connectivity options, including three USB ports on the right and one at the back, HDMI port, RCA, SPDIF Out port, an AV Out along with Ethernet and power input. However, the remote has undergone a few changes.
It is compact with no clickers at the back. There is a trackpad on the rear for operating the cursor. The UI has also been revamped. It doesn't look like an Android device interface anymore. It has got a tile-based UI that looks evolved and more intuitive to use.
The Amkette EvoTV MC can play full HD videos smoothly and can even stream videos from YouTube. Content can be played from USB drive as the box supports almost all file formats. MX player comes installed in My Media on this box. More apps can be downloaded from the Google Play store as it runs on Android operating system.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT:
A value for money box for older TVs

100 richest Indian tycoons are billionairesMukesh Ambani tops the Forbes list of 100 richest Indian tycoons for eighth consecutive time
PTI     Singapore   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 16:40 IST
RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani
For the first time, the 100 richest tycoons in India are all billionaires with Mukesh Ambani topping the league for the eighth consecutive year, according to Forbes.
With a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year, RIL Chief Mukesh Ambani topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.
Ambani was followed by Dilip Shanghvi, who got richer this year by $4.1 billion. Shanghvi is the new No.2, after he displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place.
Wipro's Azim Premji moved up one notch to the number three position as his net wealth increased to $16.4 billion from $13.8 billion previously. Pallonji Mistry, patriarch of construction giant Shapoorji Pallonji Group which is the biggest shareholder in Tata Sons with a new worth of $15.9 billion, was placed in the fourth place.
Forbes said that "good days are here" for the India's 100 Richest, as the top 100 richest Indians are all billionaires with combined wealth of $346 billion, up more than a third from $259 billion in 2013.
Propelled by the euphoria after the Bharatiya Janata Party's landslide victory in May, the stock market has gained 28 per cent since January, driving the net-worth of the uber-rich people in India.
The biggest dollar gainer is ports magnate Gautam Adani , who jumped 11 spots to 11th rank in the list, adding nearly $4.5 billion to his wealth which reached $7.1 billion on soaring share prices.
"Shares of Adani's companies started soaring ahead of the elections on hopes of a BJP victory. The gains added close to $4.5 billion to his wealth, more than anyone else," Forbes said.
Others in the top 10 include NRI businessmen Hinduja Brothers who were at the sixth position with a net worth of $ 13.3 billion, followed by Shiv Nadar (7th, $12.5 billion), Godrej family (8th, $11.6 billion), Kumar Birla (9th, $9.2 billion) and Sunil Mittal & family (10th, $7.8 billion).
As many as 85 of the 89 who returned to the top 100 from last year are wealthier, and several are billionaires for the first time.
Among them are Qimat Rai Gupta (ranked 48, net worth $1.95 billion), Chairman of Havells; V G Siddhartha (75, $1.27 billion), founder of the Cafe Coffee Day chain; and brothers Harsh Goenka (82, $1.18 billion) and Sanjiv Goenka (69, $1.4 billion), who run their independent empires and are listed separately.
On Adani who was placed 11th on the list, Forbes said that he snatched the biggest bonanza from the stock market rally.
"Snatching the biggest bonanza is ports magnate Gautam Adani, who hails from Modi's native Gujarat state and is known to be the PM's personal friend," Forbes said.
The rising market also restored some to the billionaire ranks, including property baron Vikas Oberoi (84, $1.2 billion) and pharma entrepreneur Habil Khorakiwala (76, $1.3 billion), Forbes said.
Others in top 20 include Savitri Jindal & family at 12th place with a net worth of $6.4 billion; Anil Ambani (13, $6.3 billion); Cyrus Poonawalla (14, $6.2 billion); Uday Kotak (15, $6.1 billion); Shashi & Ravi Ruia (16, $5.9 billion); Micky Jagtiani (17, $5.1 billion); Anand Burman (18, $4.9 billion); Desh Bandhu Gupta (19, $4.8 billion) and Bajaj Family (20, $4.1 billion).
"Pharma is on a roll: More than a fifth of the 100 have pharma and health care riches," Forbes said.
The pharma billionaires include Hasmukh Chudgar, whose Intas Pharmaceuticals was recently valued by Temasek at $1.4 billion and is ranked 80 on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
Moreover, entrepreneur P V Ramprasad Reddy, ranked 54th on the list with a net wealth of $1.8 billion, is one of three returnees to the list, who came back after four years on a threefold jump in shares of his Aurobindo Pharma.
The biggest loser this year is Indus Gas founder Ajay Kalsi, who lost $1 billion after the government deferred a decision on increasing nation's natural gas prices. Kalsi was ranked 85th on the list with a net worth of $1.2 billion.
The minimum amount required to make the list was $1 billion, up from $635 million in 2013.
With a record $1 billion as the minimum net worth this year, as many as 11 people could not make it to this year's list including Brij Bhushan Singal, whose Bhushan Steel's shares tanked after son Neeraj was arrested in a corruption scandal, Forbes said.
The flamboyant Vijay Mallya, who was tagged by his bankers as a "willful defaulter" also dropped off from the list, it added.
The list was compiled using shareholding and financial information obtained from the families and individuals, stock exchanges, analysts and India's regulatory agencies.
The ranking listed family fortunes, including those shares among extended families such as the Godrej and Bajaj families.
Public fortunes were calculated based on stock prices and exchange rates as of September 12. Private companies were valued based on similar companies that are publicly traded.

Testing time for older oil refineries in offingOlder oil refineries to face survival test on diesel deregulation
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 14:02 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Time is running out for India's aging state-run oil refineries as the new government under Narendra Modi looks set to free up diesel prices and open the gates to private sector competition.
These refineries, commissioned mostly in the 1950s and 1960s during India's early industrialisation push, are inefficient and costly to maintain compared to their modern counterparts on the coast mainly operated by private companies.
Their outdated machinery prevents them from using cheaper imported heavy crude as feedstock. They are also largely situated in remote and landlocked areas, restricting their potential to export fuel products.
These factors have put a lid on refining margins, which appear set to narrow further with increased competition.
The government may soon deregulate the diesel market so that it no longer needs to subsidise state-run refiners for selling the fuel at below-market prices. The move to market-based pricing is expected to bring the return of private refiners such as Reliance Industries and Essar Oil, threatening to erode the market share of the dominant state-run refiners.
The competition will trim already slender margins. Gross refining margins, a key industry measure of profitability, of the aging refineries are below $3 a barrel, the ministry of petroleum and natural gas data shows.
The older, state-run refineries, which account for a quarter of the nation's 4.3 million barrels per day fuel capacity, may be forced to reduce throughput or even seek federal monetary support. That, ironically, may upset the government's goal of supplying more diesel to counter falling local coal output and a growing electricity deficit.
"State refiners have to invest heavily and urgently to upgrade refineries to ensure adequate margins otherwise those with less than $3 a barrel gross refining margin could become unviable," said B.N. Bankapur, former head of refineries at IOC.
India, the world's third-biggest crude oil importer, will decide whether to end government control of diesel pricing after polls in two states next month. A recent drop in crude prices and support for the move from top policy officials have raised the chances of the reforms getting the nod.
The move comes as the Modi government seeks to curb a ballooning subsidy bill and mend strained public finances in a sluggish economy.
Diesel makes up nearly half of country's fuel consumption and its usage is set to rise as Modi wants to boost the employment-generating manufacturing sector to push up economic expansion.
Government-set selling prices for the state-run refiners, who also market fuel through their retail outlets, have led to revenue losses, and delays in payments of subsidies have sometimes squeezed the cash flows of the refiners.
So the possibility of diesel deregulation has been viewed positively by analysts, with shares of state-run refiners Indian Oil Corp , Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp surging in the range of 60 per cent to 93 per cent in 2014.
By comparison, the Sensex is up just 25 per cent.
State-run refiners, however, have served the government's social agenda in past expansions. And protected by subsidies, the refiners focused on building their network of retail outlets rather than on upgrading and modernising.
The government estimates state refineries need a hefty $13 billion of investments to upgrade facilities and produce cleaner fuels.
Amid new competition, state refiners will find it tough to come up with investments needed to upgrade their old refineries, said Suresh Sivanandam, senior analyst at consultant Wood Mackenzie.
WAITING IN THE WINGS
An end to price controls may lure Reliance, which runs the world's biggest refining complex in Jamnagar coast in Gujarat, and Essar back into the retail market.
Reliance and Essar made a successful foray into retail fuel sales a decade ago before government subsidies to state-run refiners forced them out. Executives of both firms said they will finalize their retail plans once the government's stance on diesel deregulation is known.
But Reliance has already initiated efforts to build a new 400,000 bpd refinery in India. Domestic sale of products from its export-focused 580,000 bpd refinery is uncompetitive due to heavy taxes.
Apart from refining margins, state fuel retailers earn a marketing profit of about $3-$4 a barrel, a key source of revenue because of high volumes. Competition from the private refiners will erode that, oil industry analysts say.
"Within 2 years of deregulation state refiners' market share could shrink to about 75 per cent, leading to a hefty decline in marketing margin. And then the inefficient plants will begin to pinch the companies," said S. Thangapandian, executive director at Dubai-based trading firm Gulf Petrochem.
(Reuters)

PM Modi faces case in US over Gujarat riotsNew York court summons PM Narendra Modi in Gujarat riots case
Andrew MacAskill     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 11:14 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Overshadowing Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the United States as Prime Minister, a US court has ordered Modi to answer allegations that he failed to stop anti-Muslim rioting when he was chief minister of Gujarat.
The civil case before a New York court seeks compensatory and punitive damages from Modi for crimes against humanity and extra-judicial killings under the Alien Tort Claims Act and the Torture Victim Protection Act, for which the prime minister has 21 days to respond.
The petitioner in the case is the American Justice Center, a non-profit human rights organisation, acting on behalf of two survivors of the 2002 riots in Gujarat.
"There is evidence to support the conclusion that minister Modi committed both acts of intentional and malicious direction to authorities in India to kill and maim innocent persons of the Muslim faith," the petition said.
After years of being unwelcome in the US, Modi arrives for a five-day visit on Friday in New York, where he will speak at the United Nations General Assembly before heading to Washington for talks with US President Barack Obama .
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
The first meeting between the two leaders follows Modi's landslide general election victory in May. Compared with other foreign powers, Washington was slow to warm to the 64-year-old Prime Minister, with its ambassador to India only meeting him in February when opinion polls put Modi on course to win.
PM Modi was denied a US visa in 2005 under the terms of a 1998 US law that bars entry to foreigners who have committed "particularly severe violations of religious freedom".
At least 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, died in a wave of reprisal attacks across Gujarat after a train carrying Hindu pilgrims was set on fire in February 2002.
Critics accuse Modi, who was then chief minister of Gujarat, of doing too little to stop revenge attacks on minority Muslims. He denied the accusations and was exonerated in a Supreme Court inquiry in 2012.
A government spokesman was not available for comment while a spokesman for the prime minister's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) declined to comment.
THICK SKINNED
An analyst said the case was unlikely to have much impact.
"Modi is very thick skinned about the allegations after all these years," said Satish Misra, a political analyst at the Observer Research Foundation in New Delhi.
"The evidence against him is based on conjecture as the courts in India have found. This case won't make much difference."
Nevertheless, Modi faces being dogged by protests on his trip to the US even as he is expected to be warmly welcomed by much of the country's large overseas community in the States.
Modi will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on US soil when he takes the stage on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in New York before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
A group called the Alliance for Justice and Accountability is calling for people to picket the venue and wave black flags in protest.
Another group, the Sikhs for Justice, will convene a 'Citizen's Court' where they will indict the prime minister at a park in front of the White House when he meets the US President.
The court case seeking damages from Modi is being brought by two unidentified people from Gujarat. One plaintiff is a Muslim woman whose mother was allegedly attacked by a mob during the riots and died of her injuries a year later, according to the court documents.
The other is man whose grandmother was killed and who says he was attacked by a gang of Hindus. When he approached the police, he alleges, they told him they had orders not to save any Muslims, according to the petition.
(Reuters)

We have the ability to connect two engines side by sideEcoMotors has the ability to connect two engines side by side: COO Amit Soman
Virat Markandeya        Last Updated: October 6, 2014  | 11:22 IST
Amit Soman, COO, EcoMotors Head.
On EcoMotors' Design
The impact of fuel economy in any engine comes from friction, metal-to-metal parts rubbing against each other. If you can reduce friction, you make the most dramatic impact on fuel economy. That's the first dot we start with in our engine. If we have less moving parts, then we will have less friction and better fuel economy. That is the premise of the whole design. If we have less parts then the weight of the engine is much less. As of now, the engine we are running for comparable power, to make sure it is apples-to-apples, is about 35 per cent lighter for the same power output. Along with weight, the size is less. Cost is less. All these are secondary benefits, those are not the goals we went in for but those are substantial amounts. They contribute to the overall economic equation. Connecting the last dot on this, with lesser components and this compactness, we have the ability to connect two engines side by side. You can almost call it power on demand if you will. This inherentness in the design cannot be achieved in a conventional engine. Conventional engine guys are doing it more from the perspective of cylinder deactivation, valve deactivation. But still, in that case, the piston motion continues. In our case, after physically declutching, you are essentially reducing half the friction.
On the need to reinvent the internal combustion engine
Tighter fuel economy standards are coming and what exists are fossil fuel burning options. So what are the options then to bridge these two things? Number one is some methodology of a substantially researched and developed to conventional engines. How do we bridge the gap in substantial improvements in conventionals? Path two is some sort of alternate energy. It could be natural gas, it could be hybrids or it could be electric vehicles (EVs). First let's talk about the conventional engines. Almost every original equipment manufacturer (OEM) in the world has legacy assets. You've got $300 to $400 million plants that have been invested for in the last 12 to 15 years. So the propensity to invest in something new is lesser, or making radical changes is lesser because of the legacy assets. Economic growth in any of those markets has been going through ups and downs. Europe shrunk and the other markets by somewhere between two to nine per cent, let's say. Legacy assets and slow and unpredictable economic growth will prevent conventional engine guys from making any dramatic radical changes- and incremental improvements are not enough. Let's look at the second one (alternate energy). It could be natural gas, ethanol, even hybrids to some extent, the uncertainty there is from the unpredictability of the resources cost as well as any kind of infrastructure. Let's talk about EVs. The unfortunate thing is that what gets talked about in EVs is safety. Because some kind of burning Tesla comes up in a video online. Unfair representation of Tesla, it was probably an incorrect use of the vehicle and it was one in God knows how many vehicles. But safety comes to the forefront, unfortunately. The second thing that rightly comes to the fore is cost, that from a payback perspective, it is still a 10 to 11-year payback. The third, which is also the obvious one is infrastructure density. My point of view is that these three: the safety, cost and infrastructure density are to a large extent the outcome of the commitment made by the EVs, industry or government. Meaning these three can be fixed in a matter of 10 years. I don't think it is out of the ordinary to expect that suddenly a country can have recharging stations. My perspective is point number 4: even if we have these things. I mean how long does it take for you at a gas station to fill up a car? Six minutes, eight minutes?
Are we going to have a 150 kWh battery that charges in six minutes. I personally have reservations against that. So this is the solution that any people have talked about. Just replace the batteries: we'll take your old one out, put a new one in. Maybe I'm relying too much on my manufacturing history. I don't see how you are going to pick up a 900-pound battery and replace it in six minutes and how you are going to keep an inventory of thousands. Will EVs get the density that people talk about? Yes, but we don't see that density up in the next 25 to 30 years. Today, the first adopters who would have bought EVs have already bought EVs. Which is why, Tesla had to do something unique to enter China, for example. So it's nothing against the technology itself, all of them, Tesla, BYD, they've all got the right product. The question is the adoption rate. That's where we come in. We are not burdened by legacy assets, or any other engine start-up like us. We are not restricted by economic growth in a particular market. So we have the ability to come up with a different business model, a different product.
On Peter Hofbauer, EcoMotors' Founder/CTO
Peter Hofbauer is the brains behind this entire series of inventions. The opposed piston opposed cylinder (OPOC), the engine itself, is several key patents and because of some of the properties of the engine, it allows several configurations which are also patents of Peter. Peter has been working on this for six years prior to EcoMotors' being officially founded. The engine that we call today as the turbocharged direct injection (TDI) engine, has basically Peter's name on it. Before joining, when I did some reading on Peter, I found an article that claims him to be the father of the diesel engine in pass car. There are some pretty impactful contributions to the engine world that are entitled to Peter. He has seen engines go from purely mechanical in every application, dirty old ambassador engines, the equivalent of that if you will, he has gone from mechanical old engines to making them electronic, higher pressure fuel systems and emissionising them. It's amazing to sit down with him or just listen to him in our design reviews: (he'll say) oh, this is the crankshaft problem we are having, this is what we did in 1989 on some project on the VW bug. He has got this unbelievable ability to draw connections.
On Future Plans
By the end of this year, we will have a passenger car-sized gasoline engine running as well. By the middle of next year (2015), we will also have a natural gas engine. Our gasoline attempt now is from a perspective of creating interest in the market. So that we find a partner we can go to production with. We are not going to finish development and bring it to market ourselves. We are going to create enough in terms of performance that it feels sexy for someone to invest in it. Then some OEM will say let's do this together and bring it to market. As of right now, it looks like (production from the China plant) will be back end of next year.

US Inc questions PM Modi s reform credentialsUS Inc questions PM Narendra Modi's reform credentials ahead of visit
David Brunnstrom     Washington   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 10:58 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
The United States business lobby on Thursday questioned the reformist credentials of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the eve of his five-day visit to the the US, in which he will encourage investment and declare India open for business.
The US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other US business associations representing sectors ranging from agriculture to movie making, pharmaceuticals and telecoms, called on US President Barack Obama to press Modi to remove barriers to fair trade when the two leaders meet in Washington on Monday and Tuesday.
"Since taking office, Prime Minister Modi has declared India 'open for business' and promised to incentivise investment and 'give the world a favorable opportunity to trade with and produce in India,'" the Alliance for Fair Trade with India said in a letter to Obama.
"Thus far, however, the new Indian government has produced troubling policies of its own," the group said, adding: "These actions send perplexing and contradictory new signals about India's role in the global marketplace."
The letter highlighted the country's blockage of a key World Trade Organization (WTO) agreement reached in Bali in 2013, which overshadowed a US Secretary of State John Kerry's July 30-Aug 1 visit to India.
The business alliance also complained about the country's raised tariffs and "burdensome" new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
US officials say the United States will press the prime minister to end the WTO blockage during his visit, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalising a strategic relationship Washington sees as a key counterbalance in Asia to an increasingly assertive China.
Also on Thursday, US Congressional leaders dealing with trade and finance wrote to the US International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into the country's "unfair" trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi. They called for the ITC to deliver a report to Congress on September 24, 2015, a statement said.
A report requested in August 2013 is due to be delivered to Congress on December 15 this year.
Stephen Ezell, senior trade policy analyst at the Washington based Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, told a teleconference that Modi had taken some positive steps, including an easing of some restrictions on investment in the defense, insurance and railway sectors.
"However... We've also seen the continuation of existing - and even the promulgation of some new - trade-distorting policies that do give us some pause," he said.
Chris Moore, of the National Association of Manufacturers, said Modi and his administration were "saying positive things."
"But their actions tell a different story."
Patrick Kilbride, of the US Chamber of Commerce, welcomed the Modi government's plans to review the environment for intellectual property rights, but said it remained "very poor."
The chamber would take the pledges at face value, he said, but added, "Recent history has given us many reasons to be wary."
Modi is due to arrive in the US on Friday for his maiden visit as prime minister and has meetings scheduled with 17 US corporate chiefs including those of Google, IBM, GE , Goldman Sachs and Boeing.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
Analysts say maintaining a positive mood will be important during the visit, given that Modi was denied a US visa in 2005 after more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, were killed in riots in Gujarat.
There was no immediate comment from the Indian embassy in Washington on the letter from the US business lobby.
Reuters

Govt eyes Sikorsky helicopter  other big US arms buysAndrea Shalal and David Brunnstrom     Washington   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:43 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
In a boost to US weapons makers looking for ways to offset lower domestic military spending, government is expected to choose Sikorsky Aircraft's S-70B Sea Hawk helicopters at a 16-aircraft tender worth over $1 billion.
The decision could come during a high-profile visit to the United States by Prime Minister Narendra Modi that starts on Friday.
The Sikorsky deal would be one of several large US arms purchases by India that are nearing completion, including over $2.5 billion in orders for Boeing Co's AH-64D Apache and CH-47 Chinook helicopters.
Sikorsky Aircraft, a unit of United Technologies Corp, declined comment on the potential helicopter order. Sikorsy is expected to beat out NH Industries, a joint venture of Airbus, AgustaWestland and Fokker Aerostructures.
Those deals could in turn lay the groundwork for a much larger order of 123 helicopters for the Indian Navy, said one of the sources, who was not authorized to speak publicly.
Boeing continues to negotiate with the country on the Apache and Chinook helicopters and hopes to have signed contracts by the end of the year, said spokeswoman Caroline Hutcheson.
US weapons makers, keen to offset declining US and European military spending, are watching closely to see whether Modi delivers on his promises to expand India's strategic relationship with the United States.
India was the top foreign buyer of US arms last year, according to defense research firm IHS Janes, and the two governments are now negotiating a series of specific defense collaboration projects that would involve more co-production.
US industry executives are excited about possible opportunities in the country, but caution that such deals often take longer to negotiate than expected.
Boeing already has a huge presence in the country due to its sales of P-8 maritime surveillance aircraft and C-17 transport planes, and Modi is slated to meet Boeing Chief Executive Jim McNerney during his US visit.
Boeing is due to deliver a sixth P-8I plane to India later this year, and two more next year. The government may also exercise options for four additional P-8 aircraft next year, Boeing officials said.
The US unit of Britain's BAE Systems Plc is also ready for talks with the government about the possible sale of up to 145 of its M777 towed 155mm howitzer artillery pieces, a deal valued at up to $885 million.
Rahul Madhavan, senior manager for aerospace and defense at the US-India Business Council lobby group, said the Modi government appeared to be embracing the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative (DTTI), which aims to increase collaboration on 17 specific defense projects.
"The Indian administration is taking this DTTI initiative forward and it is no longer perceived as just being a US centered type of affair, or a one-way street," he said. "The win-win situation is now more apparent for both sides."
A DTTI deal that appears to moving forward calls for joint development and production of the next generation of Javelin "fire and forget" anti-tank missile system produced by Lockheed Martin Corp, which is in competition with Israel's Spike missile system, built by Rafael.
An Indian official said the Javelin deal fit with Modi's "Make in India" strategy, but New Delhi remained concerned that Washington was not offering the latest version of the missile.
Madhavan said India also appeared interested in other DTTI proposals, including a five-inch naval gun, unmanned surveillance vehicle system, mine-scattering vehicle, and various transport and naval helicopters.
Companies associated with the proposed DTTI projects include BAE Systems, Textron Systems, a unit of Textron Inc, Alliant Techsystems Inc, Boeing, Honeywell International Inc and General Electric Co.
(Reuters)

US court summons PM Modi in Gujarat riots caseNew York court summons PM Narendra Modi in Gujarat riots case
Andrew MacAskill     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 11:14 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Overshadowing Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the United States as Prime Minister, a US court has ordered Modi to answer allegations that he failed to stop anti-Muslim rioting when he was chief minister of Gujarat.
The civil case before a New York court seeks compensatory and punitive damages from Modi for crimes against humanity and extra-judicial killings under the Alien Tort Claims Act and the Torture Victim Protection Act, for which the prime minister has 21 days to respond.
The petitioner in the case is the American Justice Center, a non-profit human rights organisation, acting on behalf of two survivors of the 2002 riots in Gujarat.
"There is evidence to support the conclusion that minister Modi committed both acts of intentional and malicious direction to authorities in India to kill and maim innocent persons of the Muslim faith," the petition said.
After years of being unwelcome in the US, Modi arrives for a five-day visit on Friday in New York, where he will speak at the United Nations General Assembly before heading to Washington for talks with US President Barack Obama .
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
The first meeting between the two leaders follows Modi's landslide general election victory in May. Compared with other foreign powers, Washington was slow to warm to the 64-year-old Prime Minister, with its ambassador to India only meeting him in February when opinion polls put Modi on course to win.
PM Modi was denied a US visa in 2005 under the terms of a 1998 US law that bars entry to foreigners who have committed "particularly severe violations of religious freedom".
At least 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, died in a wave of reprisal attacks across Gujarat after a train carrying Hindu pilgrims was set on fire in February 2002.
Critics accuse Modi, who was then chief minister of Gujarat, of doing too little to stop revenge attacks on minority Muslims. He denied the accusations and was exonerated in a Supreme Court inquiry in 2012.
A government spokesman was not available for comment while a spokesman for the prime minister's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) declined to comment.
THICK SKINNED
An analyst said the case was unlikely to have much impact.
"Modi is very thick skinned about the allegations after all these years," said Satish Misra, a political analyst at the Observer Research Foundation in New Delhi.
"The evidence against him is based on conjecture as the courts in India have found. This case won't make much difference."
Nevertheless, Modi faces being dogged by protests on his trip to the US even as he is expected to be warmly welcomed by much of the country's large overseas community in the States.
Modi will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on US soil when he takes the stage on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in New York before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
A group called the Alliance for Justice and Accountability is calling for people to picket the venue and wave black flags in protest.
Another group, the Sikhs for Justice, will convene a 'Citizen's Court' where they will indict the prime minister at a park in front of the White House when he meets the US President.
The court case seeking damages from Modi is being brought by two unidentified people from Gujarat. One plaintiff is a Muslim woman whose mother was allegedly attacked by a mob during the riots and died of her injuries a year later, according to the court documents.
The other is man whose grandmother was killed and who says he was attacked by a gang of Hindus. When he approached the police, he alleges, they told him they had orders not to save any Muslims, according to the petition.
(Reuters)

Stock exchanges to soon provide disclosure guidelines to companiesBourses to soon provide guidelines to companies for right disclosures to investors
Barun Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As regulators and the government seek to provide greater safeguards for foreign and domestic investors, the stock exchanges will soon put in place a new framework to provide guidance to listed companies on making right disclosures, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said.
This will enable the companies understand beforehand what kinds of disclosures they are required to make for investors to take informed decisions and help remove ambiguities and avoid unnecessary trouble for companies at a later stage, Chauhan said.
"One thing I would like to assure the international investors is that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights," Chauhan told PTI in an interview in New York.
The BSE CEO, who is in the Big Apple to participate in various business events planned in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day visit to the United States, also said that the capital markets regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India), the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors' rights are protected in the country.
"Sebi has also instructed the exchanges to ensure that the information provided by the listed companies fulfils the regulatory compliance aspect. If exchanges feel that the information is not sufficient, they can ask additional questions from the companies.
We (exchanges) are now working on a new framework to give them a guidance on what is price sensitive information or material details that the listed companies are required to share with the investors through the exchange platform and what could be the additional information," Chauhan said.
He added that this would ensure that there was no ambiguity in the minds of the companies' management and their company secretaries regarding the information and details that they ought to provide.
"Exchanges have been empowered a lot in recent times in their role as front-line regulators," he said.
When asked about how they would assure investors about better regulations, while also ensuring that the companies do not feel overburdened by new regulations, Chauhan said, "There is always a very thin line between over-regulations and the right regulations. However, the new framework is such that if you are able to take care of minority shareholders' interest, more and more investors are going to come in.
"It's not only foreign investors, but Indian investors would also be more willing to come in if their rights are taken care of. There is a huge scope for expanding the domestic investment horizon in India itself," the BSE chief said.
(PTI)

Sensex  Nifty fall on capital outflows  global cuesMarket update: BSE Sensex, Nifty snap three-day fall on S&P upgrade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 17:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday snapped its three-day fall to recover by 157 points as bluechips like SBI, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sun Pharma posted gains after global rating agency Standard & Poor's raised the country's credit rating outlook to stable from negative.
After touching a low of 26,220.49 points in early trade, the 30-share BSE barometer bounced back to close higher by 157.96 points (or 0.60 per cent), at 26,626.32. Intra-day, it touched a high of 26,721.03.
Brokers said, a recovery in the rupee and positive cues from European markets also buoyed trading sentiments.
The gauge had lost 738.38 points in the previous three sessions due to weak global cues and the Supreme Court's verdict cancelling 214 of 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty recovered by 57 points (or 0.72 per cent), to close at 7,968.85 after shuttling between 7,841.80 and 7,993.30.
Sentiments turned better with banking stocks leading a rebound after S&P upgraded India's credit rating outlook to 'stable' from 'negative'.
SBI rose by 2.71 per cent, Axis Bank by 3 per cent, ICICI Bank by 0.76 per cent and HDFC Bank by 2.35 per cent, helping key indices to rebound from one-month lows.
In the derivatives segment, buying in metal and healthcare counters on the first day of October month series also aided trading sentiment, brokers said.
Metal stocks, which were badly beaten in the past two sessions, staged a strong comeback on value buying.
Hindalco gained the most by surging 5.25 per cent, Tata Seel by 3.10 per cent and Sesa Sterlite by 0.49 per cent.
Jindal Steel and Power rebounded 5.20 per cent.
Other bluechip gainers included Sun Pharma, Cipla, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Motors, RIL, ONGC and Wipro.
Major losers were Dr Reddy, Bajaj Auto, Bharti Airtel, GAIL, Hero MotorCorp, Hind Unilever and ITC that slumped up to 2.69 per cent.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 19 ended higher, while 11 ended in the negative zone.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index gained the most by surging 2.49 per cent, followed by Realty (2.27 per cent) and PSU index (2.19 per cent).

S&P upgrades India s credit outlook to stable from negativeStandard & Poor's upgrades India outlook from negative to stable
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 19:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of his arrival in the United States, Standard & Poor's raised India's credit rating outlook to stable on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
The ratings agency, after a gap of two years, has improved the country's sovereign credit rating outlook from negative to stable indicating the possibility of a rating upgrade.
"Our outlook revision indicates that we believe the current government's strong mandate will enable it to implement many of its administrative, fiscal, and economic reforms," S&P said in a statement.
The revision in outlook comes ahead of the prime minister's high profile visit to the US, which is aimed at procuring investments , among other things. Modi is scheduled to meet top corporate leaders of US.
The outlook revision gave a boost to the stock markets with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex shooting up by 158 points to 26,626.32.
The present government, S&P said "will remedy, to varying degrees, the growth impediments - policy paralysis, energy supply bottlenecks, and administrative obstacles. The government's actions will likely add momentum to the incipient cyclical upswing evident in the economy".
Commenting on the action, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said the domestic economy can grow  by more than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.
"We are satisfied that the credit rating agency has acknowledged the steps that government has taken to improve the economy and specially bring the investment climate back and therefore the growth cycle back," he added.
The American financial services company said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a gross domestic product ( GDP ) trend growth of 5.5 per cent and there are improvements in fiscal, external or inflation metrics.
The agency currently has a 'BBB-/A-3' rating on India.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said S&P's action was a reflection of the country's sound external position, supported by robust capital inflows and a benign current account deficit (CAD).
In April 2012, S&P had lowered India's rating outlook to negative in view of inability of the previous UPA government to take up reform measures and declining investor confidence.
Pursuant to landslide victory of Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in May 2014, there has been an upsurge in investor confidence with stock markets rallying 19 per cent and increase in foreign investment. Growth also picked up to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period.
S&P said the stable outlook for the next 24 months reflected the agency's view that the new government had both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India's lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to carry out an effective monetary policy.
However, the agency cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve.
It also highlighted that key constraints to improved ratings were "low wealth level" and "weak public finances".
The new administration would adhere to its stated fiscal consolidation programme, S&P said, adding that planned revenues may not fully materialise and subsidy cuts may be delayed.
After taking over as Prime Minister in May, 64-year-old Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to improve business environment and fetch more foreign investments (FDI).
S&P expects improved fiscal performance in the medium term primarily from revenue-side improvements brought about by the planned introduction of a national Goods and Services Tax (GST) and administrative efforts to expand the tax base.
Besides, S&P also raised rating outlook to stable from negative of six Indian corporates, including ONGC and Reliance Industries.

S&P raises India s outlook to stable from negativeStandard & Poor's upgrades India outlook from negative to stable
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 19:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of his arrival in the United States, Standard & Poor's raised India's credit rating outlook to stable on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
The ratings agency, after a gap of two years, has improved the country's sovereign credit rating outlook from negative to stable indicating the possibility of a rating upgrade.
"Our outlook revision indicates that we believe the current government's strong mandate will enable it to implement many of its administrative, fiscal, and economic reforms," S&P said in a statement.
The revision in outlook comes ahead of the prime minister's high profile visit to the US, which is aimed at procuring investments , among other things. Modi is scheduled to meet top corporate leaders of US.
The outlook revision gave a boost to the stock markets with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex shooting up by 158 points to 26,626.32.
The present government, S&P said "will remedy, to varying degrees, the growth impediments - policy paralysis, energy supply bottlenecks, and administrative obstacles. The government's actions will likely add momentum to the incipient cyclical upswing evident in the economy".
Commenting on the action, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said the domestic economy can grow  by more than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.
"We are satisfied that the credit rating agency has acknowledged the steps that government has taken to improve the economy and specially bring the investment climate back and therefore the growth cycle back," he added.
The American financial services company said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a gross domestic product ( GDP ) trend growth of 5.5 per cent and there are improvements in fiscal, external or inflation metrics.
The agency currently has a 'BBB-/A-3' rating on India.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said S&P's action was a reflection of the country's sound external position, supported by robust capital inflows and a benign current account deficit (CAD).
In April 2012, S&P had lowered India's rating outlook to negative in view of inability of the previous UPA government to take up reform measures and declining investor confidence.
Pursuant to landslide victory of Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in May 2014, there has been an upsurge in investor confidence with stock markets rallying 19 per cent and increase in foreign investment. Growth also picked up to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period.
S&P said the stable outlook for the next 24 months reflected the agency's view that the new government had both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India's lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to carry out an effective monetary policy.
However, the agency cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve.
It also highlighted that key constraints to improved ratings were "low wealth level" and "weak public finances".
The new administration would adhere to its stated fiscal consolidation programme, S&P said, adding that planned revenues may not fully materialise and subsidy cuts may be delayed.
After taking over as Prime Minister in May, 64-year-old Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to improve business environment and fetch more foreign investments (FDI).
S&P expects improved fiscal performance in the medium term primarily from revenue-side improvements brought about by the planned introduction of a national Goods and Services Tax (GST) and administrative efforts to expand the tax base.
Besides, S&P also raised rating outlook to stable from negative of six Indian corporates, including ONGC and Reliance Industries.

I-T launches enhanced   single window  website for taxpayersI-T dept launches enhanced, 'single window' website for taxpayers
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 10:40 IST
Indian tax payers line up to submit their income tax returnsPhoto: Reuters
A revamped online portal of the Income Tax department was launched on Monday which will enable taxpayers to file returns or apply for a PAN card through a 'single window' format.
Taxpayers so far had to go to different official websites of the I-T department for these matters.
"An updated version of the website - www.incometaxindia.gov.in - will act as the 'single window' for all activities and online services offered by the I-T department.
"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was supposed to inaugurate it but due to medical compulsions he could not do so," said a senior I-T official.
As the website is an important tool for taxpayers, the department launched it on Monday without any delay, the officer added.
The new version of the website has been made more user- friendly and robust and can handle a larger number of visits at a time, the officer said, adding that all the links to PAN card data and e-filing have been centralised on this portal.
"The new website has enhanced features and taxpayers will be able to file their I-T returns online and even apply for a PAN on this portal. (These aspects) were till now hosted on a different official web address of the department," the officer said.
Apart from I-T rules and laws, the website also has 106 other Acts under the IPC and CrPC for ready reference.
Separate icons have been provided on the improved portal providing the locations of various I-T offices in the country, including that of the important office of the 'Ombudsman'.
The website will also allow taxpayers to get information about various notices and circulars which are issued from time to time along with other regular developments in the department.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had envisaged such a website in its ambitious 'Vision 2020' document prepared a few years back and the new website is a culmination of efforts to give better services to taxpayers, the officer said.

Huawei Honor 3X G750 has sturdy hold  good gripPRICE: Rs 24,999
RATING: 3.5/5
SPECS: 5.5-inch IPS LCD (720 x 1280 pixels); 1.7 Ghz octa-core; 2 GB RAM; 8 GB storage + microSD (up to 64 GB); 13 MP rear + 5 MP front camera; 3000 mAh battery; 162 grams
The G750 dual-SIM smartphone from Huawei feels sturdy to hold. The 5.5-inch display with 720 x 1080 pixel resolution looks bright but is a fingerprint magnet. A soft, leather-like back panel provides it a good grip.
The phone runs on Android v4.2.2. Huawei has added a custom UI that changes its interface. The Emotion UI is neat and simple. While initially I wasn't comfortable using it, I got a hang of it in a few days.
There isn't any app tray and all the app icons are placed on the home screens. For even more simplified use, there is a Simple mode too that places all icons in Windows Phone 8 interface.
The phone has a 13 MP camera that is surprisingly good as the colours are bright and the images are crisp. When you turn on the front camera, there is a selfie guide which suggests you to look at a correct spot for a perfect expression. The device can capture videos at 1080p resolution from the rear camera.
The phone is powered by a 1.7 GHz octa-core processor and is paired with 2 GB of RAM. The internal storage of the phone is 8 GB and the available memory is 5.13 GB. It weighs 162 grams and has a 3000 mAh battery onboard.

Gold  silver prices fall on subdued demand  global cuesGold, silver prices fall on subdued demand, global cues
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 21:22 IST
Gold prices eased further at the domestic bullion market in Mumbai on consistent selling by stockists and traders on the back of subdued local buying interest at the existing higher levels amid weak global cues.
Silver also dipped further on poor industrial buying support.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) fell by Rs 65 to finish at Rs 26,565 per 10 grams from Wednesday's level of Rs 26,630.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also went down by a similar margin to close at Rs 26,715 per 10 grams from Rs 26,780.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped by Rs 110 to conclude at Rs 39,870 per kg compared to Rs 39,980 yesterday.
On the global front, gold prices fell to a nine-month low in early trade and other precious metals slid as the dollar rose to four-year highs against a basket of currencies while stock markets strengthened.
Spot gold dipped to $1,206.85 an ounce and silver also moved down to $17.50 an ounce in early trade at the European trade.

Apple iPhone rollout marred by  bendgateApple iPhone rollout hits speed bump on reports of bending issue
Christina Farr     San Francisco   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 12:22 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The two new iPhone models by Apple hit speed bumps on Wednesday after iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovered their phones can bend when placed in back pockets, and the company pulled its latest mobile operating system after reports of dropped cellular service.
'Bendgate', as the problem has already been dubbed on social media sites, is a reminder of 2010's "antennagate," when users of iPhone 4 reported a design flaw that caused dropped calls.
Technology giant Apple did not comment on the bending-phone reports, but it did announce that it was investigating reports of an issue with an update of its iOS 8 operating system  and in the meantime had pulled the version designated 8.0.1.
The bendable-phone situation might prove particularly troubling for those who wear skinny jeans, according to reports on Facebook and Twitter. The phrase "Your pants are too tight for your phone" has already received hundreds of mentions.
Some say the iPhone 6 Plus, which has a lightweight aluminum shell, is more malleable than expected, but that might fall short of a design flaw, according to analysts.
Overall, evaluators seem flummoxed.
"A 'bendability test' hasn't been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue," said a spokesman at SquareTrade.
SquareTrade, which provides warranties to Apple's iPhone users , said it planned more tests later on Wednesday.
Reports on the quirk first surfaced on Unbox Therapy, a gadget-review show on YouTube.
Brandwatch, a company that tracks and analyzes data from social media sites, said only a small number of people tweeted about the "bend" in the days leading up to September 22. But after the release of the YouTube video, which had racked up over 6 million views by midday Wednesday, Twitter mentions of the "bend" had skyrocketed to 75,000.
Tweets are flying about the "bend in your pocket," the challenge of wearing "tight pants," and that the iPhone 6 Plus bends "with bare hands," said Brandwatch spokeswoman Dinah Alobeid.
Another key topic, she said, is a comparison with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phone, which has nearly 4,500 mentions.
Apple spokespersons did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but at least one rival smartphone maker jumped at the chance to weigh in.
"I would challenge you guys to bend our Passport," John Chen, Blackberry's chief executive officer, said on Wednesday at an event in Toronto to unveil its newest phone.
On Monday, Apple said it had shipped 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus since it began selling the phone on Friday.
(Reuters)

Banks eagerly await new bidding process for coal blocksAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 19:21 IST
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya
In the wake of the Supreme Court verdict on coal blocks allocated since 1993, Chairperson of SBI Arundhati Bhattacharya has said that the way forward is to have a quick plan of action to ensure uninterrupted coal supply. She has also called for a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation of coal blocks.
The bank is less worried about its current exposure of Rs 4,000 crore loaned to the cancelled 172 coal blocks. SBI, which is like a proxy to banking sector, has an exposure of Rs 91,489 crore in the power sector. This is close to six per cent of the bank's total lending book of Rs 15,52,320 crore. The exposure to mining is about Rs 7,725 crore, of which the exposure to cancelled mines is Rs 4,000 crore. The exposure is actually is not big enough to raise alarm bells.
Amongst the banks, the mid-sized Kolkata-based UCO Bank has the highest exposure of 15-16 per cent to power sector, though the bank claims that the exposure to mining is less than one per cent. The picture for the entire sector also looks quite similar, though no credible figures are available for March 2014. As per estimates, the banking sector's exposure to power sector is seven per cent, which is roughly around Rs 5,00,000 crore.
The state-owned Coal India Limited (CIL) provides linkages to bulk of the power plants in India, whereas the exposure to captive mines is estimated to be Rs 1,50,000 crore. Out of the 176 captive mines cancelled by the apex court , there are only 42 operational mines. This means the banks' exposure to companies with operational mines (about Rs 50,000 crore) is high. However, the companies are allowed to operate these mines till March 2015. Expectations are that the Modi government will start coal block auctions before the March 2015 deadline.
Bankers say they have zeroed in on six companies with very high debt such as Usha Martin, Adani Power, GVK Power and Bhushan Steel. On the BSE , the stocks of Usha Martin has taken the hardest hit. Its share price has fallen by half to Rs 25 even since the apex court first declared the coal block allocation illegal on August 25.
The bankers say that the asset won't directly go under the non-performing asset head. There is a restructuring mechanism under corporate debt restructuring to provide relief in moratorium on interest rates and extension in repayment period. The bankers say that a delay in coal block auctions could affect coal supplies and this in turn could affect even well-run companies. For instance, Tata Power, Hindalco and Jindal Steel have healthy cash balances to overcome the losses arising out of the cancellation of mining licences.
Tata Power, which had two coal blocks , has said that the company is looking forward to a "new legally enforceable framework for coal blocks, which could be awarded at an early time".

Market turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh crMarket turnover soars to record Rs 8.2 lakh cr level
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:09 IST
The Indian capital markets' turnover on Thursday rose to record high level of about Rs 8.2 lakh crore, amid monthly expiry of derivative contracts .
BSE recorded total daily turnover of Rs 2,93,526.31 crore, while that at NSE rose to Rs 5,32,612 crore-taking the combined total for the entire Indian capital markets to Rs 8,26,138.31 crore.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) said its total futures and options (F&O) turnover scaled a record high of Rs 5,32,612 crore on Thursday, surpassing the previous high of Rs 441,534.45 crore that it had touched on July 10, 2014.
Nearly 1.36 crore derivative contracts were traded on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) amounting to a F&0 turnover of Rs 5.32 lakh crore, record high for a day, the bourse said.
Index options touched a record high of Rs 410,992.69 crore as a part of the total derivative turnover on NSE on Thursday.
On July 10, index options turnover had touched a high of Rs 3.32 lakh crore.
The total turnover at BSE rose to Rs 2,93,526.31 crore at the end of trade up from Rs 2,24,870.16 crore on Wednesday.
In the equity market, the BSE benchmark Sensex as well as NSE's Nifty closed with sharp losses.
Meanwhile, NSE also that the total Bank Nifty turnover touched Rs 65,470 crore, while the turnover for Bank Nifty Options hit a record of Rs 55,250 crore. Bank Nifty turnover is a subset of total equity derivative turnover on the exchange.

Anil Agarwal to donate 75% of his wealth to charityRicha Naidu and Silvia Antonioli     Bangalore/London   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:41 IST
Cairn Energy Chief Executive Bill Gammell (L) and Vedanta Chairman Anil Agarwal pose for a picture during a news conference in Mumbai October 11, 2010. (Photo: Reuters)
Anil Agarwal, the the founder and executive chairman of the United Kingdom-based Vedanta Resources PLC billionaire has announced late on Thursday that he and his family have agreed to give 75 per cent of their wealth to charity.
Agarwal, a one-time scrap metal dealer, made the announcement at an event in London to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Vedanta's listing on the London Stock Exchange.
Agarwal told Reuters he would keep his stake in the mining company for now but might ultimately divest it.
"We have decided we have to give back to society," he said on the sidelines of the Vedanta event.
Forbes estimated that the 61-year-old entrepreneur has a net worth of $3.5 billion.
(Reuters)

Older oil refineries set to face survival testOlder oil refineries to face survival test on diesel deregulation
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 14:02 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Time is running out for India's aging state-run oil refineries as the new government under Narendra Modi looks set to free up diesel prices and open the gates to private sector competition.
These refineries, commissioned mostly in the 1950s and 1960s during India's early industrialisation push, are inefficient and costly to maintain compared to their modern counterparts on the coast mainly operated by private companies.
Their outdated machinery prevents them from using cheaper imported heavy crude as feedstock. They are also largely situated in remote and landlocked areas, restricting their potential to export fuel products.
These factors have put a lid on refining margins, which appear set to narrow further with increased competition.
The government may soon deregulate the diesel market so that it no longer needs to subsidise state-run refiners for selling the fuel at below-market prices. The move to market-based pricing is expected to bring the return of private refiners such as Reliance Industries and Essar Oil, threatening to erode the market share of the dominant state-run refiners.
The competition will trim already slender margins. Gross refining margins, a key industry measure of profitability, of the aging refineries are below $3 a barrel, the ministry of petroleum and natural gas data shows.
The older, state-run refineries, which account for a quarter of the nation's 4.3 million barrels per day fuel capacity, may be forced to reduce throughput or even seek federal monetary support. That, ironically, may upset the government's goal of supplying more diesel to counter falling local coal output and a growing electricity deficit.
"State refiners have to invest heavily and urgently to upgrade refineries to ensure adequate margins otherwise those with less than $3 a barrel gross refining margin could become unviable," said B.N. Bankapur, former head of refineries at IOC.
India, the world's third-biggest crude oil importer, will decide whether to end government control of diesel pricing after polls in two states next month. A recent drop in crude prices and support for the move from top policy officials have raised the chances of the reforms getting the nod.
The move comes as the Modi government seeks to curb a ballooning subsidy bill and mend strained public finances in a sluggish economy.
Diesel makes up nearly half of country's fuel consumption and its usage is set to rise as Modi wants to boost the employment-generating manufacturing sector to push up economic expansion.
Government-set selling prices for the state-run refiners, who also market fuel through their retail outlets, have led to revenue losses, and delays in payments of subsidies have sometimes squeezed the cash flows of the refiners.
So the possibility of diesel deregulation has been viewed positively by analysts, with shares of state-run refiners Indian Oil Corp , Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp surging in the range of 60 per cent to 93 per cent in 2014.
By comparison, the Sensex is up just 25 per cent.
State-run refiners, however, have served the government's social agenda in past expansions. And protected by subsidies, the refiners focused on building their network of retail outlets rather than on upgrading and modernising.
The government estimates state refineries need a hefty $13 billion of investments to upgrade facilities and produce cleaner fuels.
Amid new competition, state refiners will find it tough to come up with investments needed to upgrade their old refineries, said Suresh Sivanandam, senior analyst at consultant Wood Mackenzie.
WAITING IN THE WINGS
An end to price controls may lure Reliance, which runs the world's biggest refining complex in Jamnagar coast in Gujarat, and Essar back into the retail market.
Reliance and Essar made a successful foray into retail fuel sales a decade ago before government subsidies to state-run refiners forced them out. Executives of both firms said they will finalize their retail plans once the government's stance on diesel deregulation is known.
But Reliance has already initiated efforts to build a new 400,000 bpd refinery in India. Domestic sale of products from its export-focused 580,000 bpd refinery is uncompetitive due to heavy taxes.
Apart from refining margins, state fuel retailers earn a marketing profit of about $3-$4 a barrel, a key source of revenue because of high volumes. Competition from the private refiners will erode that, oil industry analysts say.
"Within 2 years of deregulation state refiners' market share could shrink to about 75 per cent, leading to a hefty decline in marketing margin. And then the inefficient plants will begin to pinch the companies," said S. Thangapandian, executive director at Dubai-based trading firm Gulf Petrochem.
(Reuters)

Barry Callebaut to set up manufacturing unit in IndiaSwiss chocolate maker Barry Callebaut to set up manufacturing unit in India
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 15:09 IST
A chocolate bar is seen at a Barry Callebaut factory (Photo: Reuters)
Barry Callebaut, the Switzerland-based chocolate maker, is looking at setting up a manufacturing unit in the country as part of its global expansion plans to cash in on the Rs 3,000 crore domestic market.
The Swiss chocolate maker currently has only commercial operations in the country. It set up an office in Mumbai in 2008 to do business.
"As part of our expansion plan, we're looking at having a manufacturing plant in India in near future and we are progressing on the plan," Denis Convert, vice president Gourmet Asia Pacific at Barry Callebaut,  told PTI in the Maharashta capital on Friday.
The country is a very important market for Barry Callebaut and it wants to be in this market on long-term, Convert said.
"In spite of the fact that the consumption of chocolate in the country has trebled to 120 gram per capita per annum at present as against 40 gram nine years ago, India is still one of the lowest chocolate consumption markets. In Germany alone the per capita chocolate consumption currently exists at 10 kilogram per year," said Dhruv Bhatia, managing director India for Barry Callebaut.
However, the country is expected to see an annual increase of 15 per cent in consumption in future, he added.
At present, the US $5.2 billion Swiss company has 50 manufacturing facilities across Europe, Africa, North and South America as well as Asia-Pacific.

Demand for gold set to climb on festive seasonGold demand to climb during festive season, says World Gold Council
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 21:29 IST
Photo: Reuters
The World Gold Council is confident that 2014 would end on a robust note in gold demand in India, contrary to the initial drop in the first half.
"This year's first-half has been a little challenging. The jewellery demand in terms of volume from January to June (first six months of 2014) as compared to the same period last year is lowered by 14 per cent. But this is a short-term trend," World Gold Council Director Jewellery for India Vipin Sharma told PTI in an exclusive interview.
"In the long run, we see that the fundamentals are very strong. Now that the festive season is starting and the wedding season setting in, we are looking at a demand figure in the region of 850 tonnes to 950 tonnes. We see a very solid and robust trend as far as long term demand and that of the year-as-a-whole is concerned. We are quite positive in terms of what to anticipate for the last quarter particularly," Sharma said.
He said that the wedding season constituted one of the biggest segments as 50 per cent of the total gold consumption occurred during that period.
According to Sharma, who is responsible for the strategic development of the World Gold Council's Jewellery division in India, short-term fluctuations were a common trend and depend on the economic reasons as well as on the sentiments of the consumers.
"Short-term fall is not new. It goes with the demand which sometimes shoots up, sometimes goes down. Last year in the April-May period we saw an unprecedented spurt in gold demand because of certain drop in prices. So we continue to see short term trends specific to economic reasons, sometimes to sentiments at consumer-level and how their anticipation how they foresee the prices," Sharma said.
Talking about the Indian gold market's future, the World Gold Council official sounded quite hopeful going by the trend in the last five years.
"India's love for gold is well known and commodities that historically associated with every celebrations in the country. We continue to see a very robust long term trend in India", Sharma said.
"And in the last five years the total demand at an average it has been more than 800 tonnes per year which is large and significant quantity. So long term trends continues to be very healthy and robust," Sharma said.
"Going by the last five years' or 10 years' trend, prices have gone up significantly. Earlier the price was around Rs 5000-6000 per 10 gram and last one year it has been close to Rs 30,000. But the consumption volumes have not dropped," Sharma said.
In the very long term the surveys suggested it to be fairly steady. Consumers' attitude appeared to be a very healthy attribute. So the outlook is very steady long-term growth for the market," he said.
While comparing the country's gold market with that of China's, Sharma described India's as a large, consistent and steady consuming market while that of China's as a growing market attributed to its economic growth.
"Both are two biggest consuming markets in the world. I think put together they count for 55-56 per cent of the overall global demand. And both are large and culturally looking at their Asian affinity towards gold there are some underlying similar factors", he added.
"The trajectory of growth in the last few years has been little different. India has been a large, consistent steady consuming market while China is a growing market which can be attributed to the economic growth , earning levels are concerned but at fundamental-level both as leading, large, substantial even at core attributes," Sharma explained.
Among other initiatives, the Council was looking at the youth as a segment in the global market and has started the LoveGold on the social media (Facebook and Twitter), he said.
"We are looking at the youth as a segment internationally.
We have an initiative called LoveGold on the social media front looking at how gold can connect the youth in a very modern way," Sharma stated.
"Of course we continue to invest and are trying to understand consumers and how the trends are shaping up in India, China, the US and parts of Europe," he signed off.

S&P upgrades India credit outlook to stableStandard & Poor's upgrades India outlook from negative to stable
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 19:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
In a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of his arrival in the United States, Standard & Poor's raised India's credit rating outlook to stable on the back of strong political mandate helping fiscal and economic reforms.
The ratings agency, after a gap of two years, has improved the country's sovereign credit rating outlook from negative to stable indicating the possibility of a rating upgrade.
"Our outlook revision indicates that we believe the current government's strong mandate will enable it to implement many of its administrative, fiscal, and economic reforms," S&P said in a statement.
The revision in outlook comes ahead of the prime minister's high profile visit to the US, which is aimed at procuring investments , among other things. Modi is scheduled to meet top corporate leaders of US.
The outlook revision gave a boost to the stock markets with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex shooting up by 158 points to 26,626.32.
The present government, S&P said "will remedy, to varying degrees, the growth impediments - policy paralysis, energy supply bottlenecks, and administrative obstacles. The government's actions will likely add momentum to the incipient cyclical upswing evident in the economy".
Commenting on the action, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said the domestic economy can grow  by more than 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.
"We are satisfied that the credit rating agency has acknowledged the steps that government has taken to improve the economy and specially bring the investment climate back and therefore the growth cycle back," he added.
The American financial services company said it could raise the rating if the economy reverts to a gross domestic product ( GDP ) trend growth of 5.5 per cent and there are improvements in fiscal, external or inflation metrics.
The agency currently has a 'BBB-/A-3' rating on India.
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said S&P's action was a reflection of the country's sound external position, supported by robust capital inflows and a benign current account deficit (CAD).
In April 2012, S&P had lowered India's rating outlook to negative in view of inability of the previous UPA government to take up reform measures and declining investor confidence.
Pursuant to landslide victory of Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in May 2014, there has been an upsurge in investor confidence with stock markets rallying 19 per cent and increase in foreign investment. Growth also picked up to a nine-quarter high of 5.7 per cent in the April-June period.
S&P said the stable outlook for the next 24 months reflected the agency's view that the new government had both the willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of India's lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to carry out an effective monetary policy.
However, the agency cautioned that it could lower the rating in case the government's structural reform agenda stalls such that economic growth does not accelerate, or fiscal and debt ratios fail to improve.
It also highlighted that key constraints to improved ratings were "low wealth level" and "weak public finances".
The new administration would adhere to its stated fiscal consolidation programme, S&P said, adding that planned revenues may not fully materialise and subsidy cuts may be delayed.
After taking over as Prime Minister in May, 64-year-old Modi has launched a host of initiatives, including 'Make in India' campaign to improve business environment and fetch more foreign investments (FDI).
S&P expects improved fiscal performance in the medium term primarily from revenue-side improvements brought about by the planned introduction of a national Goods and Services Tax (GST) and administrative efforts to expand the tax base.
Besides, S&P also raised rating outlook to stable from negative of six Indian corporates, including ONGC and Reliance Industries.

Sun Pharma stocks surge 6%  its biggest gain since April 9Sun Pharma stocks surge 6 per cent, heads towards biggest daily gain in 5-1/2 months
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 16:11 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries gained more than 6 per cent on Friday, heading towards biggest single-day gain since April 9.
Credit Suisse said Sun Pharma has received a Form 483 from the US FDA on a Gujarat facility. FDA's Form 483 is a letter that notifies company of objectionable conditions.
Traders also said that there are low chances of an import alert. Credit Suisse noted that letter given to Sun contained "no data integrity issues" and says chances of an import alert are "low."
Ranbaxy Laboratories, which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma, is also up 5.5 percent.
Sun Pharma said on September 12 that the FDA inspected its plant, but expected "no material impact."
Sun Pharma spokesman did not  immediately respond to request for comment.
(Reuters)
* An earlier version of the story mentioned Ranbaxy Laboratories as a unit of Sun Pharma. Actually, it's in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharma. Correction has been done.

Lamborghini Huracan enters India at 325 km per hourSuper sports car manufacturer Automobili Lamborghini has launched Huracan- its brand new offering - in the Indian market, priced at Rs 3.43 crore (ex-showroom Delhi).
ADVERTISEMENT

Drug firms rejoice NPPA s pricing policy rollbackE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 12:26 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Indian drug makers have welcomed the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's (NPPA) move to withdraw its hotly debated order on fixing prices of drugs falling outside the government's list of essential medicines.
"This is for the first time, I think, that a pharma policy has been rolled back... It is a very positive move," Biocon Chairperson and Managing Director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw told Business Today. "It is for the first time I am seeing that the government has reacted to the genuine concerns of the industry."
Rajeev Nannapaneni, Vice Chairman and CEO of Natco Pharma, is equally upbeat. "It is important to have a clear policy of what is under [price] control and what is not because unless you have predictability in policies it is very difficult to launch products," he says.
"At the end of the day, there has to be some reasonable amount of profit that can be made to sustain the R&D efforts... Therefore, this is positive."
However, Dr Krishna Reddy, vice chairman of the Care Group of Hospitals in Hyderabad, expressed surprise at the rollback.
"Some of these drugs, especially in anti-diabetes and cardiac care, are equally essential since the incidence of these diseases is typically higher and patients need to take medicines for all their life," he says. "Around 15 per cent of people in India are diabetic compared to, say, 0.2 per cent suffering from tuberculosis... If there is price control, the companies could still benefit through higher volume sales."
So, what next for the industry? The government should now take this forward with its mantra of "Made in India" and take measures to encourage drug manufacturing, says Mazumdar-Shaw. She says it is high time the concerns of the pharmaceutical industry are looked into. "The pharmaceutical industry face a lot of problems. We have multiple ministries regulating us. We have really no voice in any of these decisions."
Mazumdar-Shaw also points out that India has lost its lead in some important areas in pharmaceuticals. "India has been rendered into a very difficult situation because of forced pricing... Look at the example of antibiotics."
She says that, at one time, India was the global leader in semi-synthetic penicillin but with a policy that forced Indian companies to maintain a certain price level in times when China was investing in building global capacities and becoming competitive ended up making the sector unviable for Indian companies. Now, India has become dependent on China for penicillin drugs. "Today, China commands 60 per cent of the world market for some of these antibiotics," she says.
On the pricing policy , she feels patients in India get the lowest-cost generics in the world and it is for the government to procure in bulk and make it even cheaper for patients instead of killing the pharmaceutical industry in the name of poor patients.

L Kulshrestha has helped GMDC cut costsL. KULSHRESTHA,GM (Finance), GMDC. Photo: Shailesh Raval.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
BEST CFO OF A PSU (MID-SIZE COMPANIES)
Winner: Lavanya Kulshrestha, GM (Finance), GMDC
Lavanya Kulshrestha took over as CFO of Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation in 2005. Since then, his out-of-the-box thinking has helped GMDC to keep expenditure under control and grow its business.

PM Modi launches  Make in India  campaignPM Narendra Modi launches 'Make in India' campaign with portal, logo
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 25, 2014  | 12:48 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday launched his flagship 'Make in India' campaign to put the country prominently on the global manufacturing map and, in turn, facilitate the inflow of new technology and capital, while creating millions of jobs.
The ambitious scheme, that also puts in place the logistics and systems to address, in a timely manner, queries of potential investors, was unveiled along with a logo, a portal and brochures on 25 identified growth sectors before bigshots from the corporate world from India and abroad at the Vigyan Bhavan conference complex in the national capital.
The event was watched live in several cities in the country and overseas via video conferencing.
Laying out the red carpet before investors, the prime minister said, "After what we have done and what I hear from you, I don't think I need to assure you any further on 'Make in India'." He hoped that industry across the globe would take his invite seriously.
He said he was saddened in the past to see scores of citizens leaving the country to seek opportunities elsewhere. People have lost faith in domestic manufacturing and themselves. "We do not want any industrialist being forced to leave India," he said.
"A trust was broken - that when a policy will be changed, when will the CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) come. This is what I heard from all you. The biggest issue is trust. Why don't we trust each other? I want to change that."
The prime minister said for him the term FDI for the domestic industry did not expand to "foreign direct investment" but "first develop India". "We have to create opportunities of employment. If the poor get jobs the purchasing power of families will increase."
Pointing to campaign logo, he said, "This is the step of a Lion... Make in India."
Ahead of the launch of the campaign, Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said a number of steps had already been taken by the Modi-led government to make it easier to do business in the country along with the removal or relaxation of foreign equity caps in several areas.
"The processes of applying for licences has been made online, it is 24/7. The validity of such licences has also been extended to three years," Sitharaman said, adding several norms and procedures have also being changed to make it easier to do business in the country.
"Make in India is not a slogan but a mission to be accomplished with a single-minded commitment."
At the event some top industrialists and executives, among the 500 who had gathered in the Vigyan Bhavan conference complex, were also invited to make short speeches.
"This programme offers a unique and timely opportunity to make India truly global," Tata Sons Chairman Cyrus Mistry said, adding, countries attain high standards with a vibrant industrial economy and the biggest challenge is to create jobs for millions of youth.
Kenichi Ayukawa, managing director of Maruti Suzuki India (MSI), said his Japanese group was among the first to invest in the domestic market and remains committed to the country. He said he was sure the country will eventually become one of the most competitive economies.
"Today we commit ourselves to the 'Make in India' movement that was given to us by our beloved prime minister," Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani said. He said the main task before the industry in India was to achieve global competitiveness.
The other speakers included Wipro's Azim Premji, Aditya Birla Group's Kumar Mangalam Birla, ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar, Lockheed Martin's Phil Shaw, and ITC's YC Deveshwar.

Stock exchanges to provide disclosure norms to companies soonBourses to soon provide guidelines to companies for right disclosures to investors
Barun Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As regulators and the government seek to provide greater safeguards for foreign and domestic investors, the stock exchanges will soon put in place a new framework to provide guidance to listed companies on making right disclosures, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said.
This will enable the companies understand beforehand what kinds of disclosures they are required to make for investors to take informed decisions and help remove ambiguities and avoid unnecessary trouble for companies at a later stage, Chauhan said.
"One thing I would like to assure the international investors is that the Indian regulatory framework today is at the forefront of modern thinking about investor protection and investor rights," Chauhan told PTI in an interview in New York.
The BSE CEO, who is in the Big Apple to participate in various business events planned in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's five-day visit to the United States, also said that the capital markets regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India), the Ministry of Finance and the Corporate Affairs Ministry have strived in the last six months or so to ensure that investors' rights are protected in the country.
"Sebi has also instructed the exchanges to ensure that the information provided by the listed companies fulfils the regulatory compliance aspect. If exchanges feel that the information is not sufficient, they can ask additional questions from the companies.
We (exchanges) are now working on a new framework to give them a guidance on what is price sensitive information or material details that the listed companies are required to share with the investors through the exchange platform and what could be the additional information," Chauhan said.
He added that this would ensure that there was no ambiguity in the minds of the companies' management and their company secretaries regarding the information and details that they ought to provide.
"Exchanges have been empowered a lot in recent times in their role as front-line regulators," he said.
When asked about how they would assure investors about better regulations, while also ensuring that the companies do not feel overburdened by new regulations, Chauhan said, "There is always a very thin line between over-regulations and the right regulations. However, the new framework is such that if you are able to take care of minority shareholders' interest, more and more investors are going to come in.
"It's not only foreign investors, but Indian investors would also be more willing to come in if their rights are taken care of. There is a huge scope for expanding the domestic investment horizon in India itself," the BSE chief said.
(PTI)

Coal crisis a big hurdle in  Make in India  plansAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan Delhi   Edition: October 12, 2014
On the brink: NTPC's Dadri power plant, which had coal stock for only two days as of Sept 9 . Shekhar Ghosh /www.indiatodayimages.com
On September 9, when Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was busy campaigning for his nephew Tej Pratap at the family's pocket borough Mainpuri for the recent bypolls, his key officials were camping in two places for a task that could swing voters' mood in his favour. Their challenge was to secure coal supply for power plants in the state. Eight of 12 power plants had run out of fuel, with four facing a shutdown, and the government had to ensure there were no outages, at least until the votes had been cast.
Sluggish pace: A Coal India mine in Odisha. The state-run miner has consistently failed to meet demand. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
So, officials from the state's power generation company, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, went to Dhanbad in neighbouring Jharkhand, to meet Coal India executives in a desperate bid to resume coal supplies. Naxals had a few days earlier blown up the rail link in Latehar district of Jharkhand and coal was being diverted to Gomuh in Bihar before heading for UP, causing delays and shortages. Meanwhile, N.C. Bajpai, Vice Chairman of the state planning commission, and Sanjay Agarwal, Energy Secretary and Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, were in Delhi to lobby for additional supplies. The day ended with Yadav trading charges with Piyush Goyal, who holds independent charge of both power and coal ministries in the central government.
In Uttar Pradesh, power cuts of eight to 12 hours are common during summer, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. The industrial towns of Ghaziabad, Allahabad and Kanpur are also routinely facing power cuts of 12 hours. No wonder, then, that electricity supply - or the lack of it - had become an important election issue. Akhilesh Yadav has not made any noises about the coal shortage after the bypolls, but for Goyal the coal supply situation and its effect on the power sector is perhaps the biggest and most urgent problem that needs solving.
Click here to Enlarge
Even in the best of times, India manages to produce only 160 gigawatt of electricity out of its total installed capacity of 250 GW. This is largely because of fuel shortages, and coal is the fuel for most of these plants. The country lost more than 15 billion units of electricity due to non-availability of coal in the last two fiscal years, leading to a peak deficit of 15 per cent. A study by industry group FICCI estimates that power problems in 2011/12 caused a loss of $64 billion to the economy, or roughly 0.4 per cent of gross domestic product.
Much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans for industrial revival depends on his ambitious Make in India programme. But those plans will trip unless Goyal can sort out the coal mess and ensure 24/7 power to industrial units across the country. To get all the thermal power plants running at full steam, and also fuel the new plants that will be needed as more industries are set up and the power demand rises, Goyal will need to ensure that the country produces a minimum of one billion tonnes a year. This seems like an ambitious target at this moment, but more on that later.
The worry is that the fuel crisis is worsening and there are no short-term solutions in sight. In 2008, power plants had coal stocks of 10 days on average at the beginning of each month. By 2014, the average has come down to six days. According to the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority, the power ministry's technical wing, thermal power plants have to maintain coal stocks for 15 to 30 days. The agency's data published on coal supplies for September 10 showed that only 12 of 100 plants had stocks for 15 days and 64 plants that make up more than 40 per cent of the country's installed thermal capacity had stocks for a week or less. Since most coal is carried on railway wagons, even the slightest delay in coal supplies can shut down these plants and impact industrial output.
The irony is that India is sitting on an estimated 301 billion tonnes of coal reserves, according to government data. This is enough for another 200 years of India's needs. Yet, the country has been struggling to increase coal supplies to meet the growing requirements of its power and other industries. And while "Coalgate" - the term coined for irregularities in coal mine allocations to private players by past governments - is grabbing all the attention, this is the least of Goyal's problems. Even if the Supreme Court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would only affect 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year in the country. This is because only 40 of the 216 coal mines allocated to private players are actually being mined. The rest are still waiting for environmental or other clearances.
Click here to Enlarge
The bigger problem is that Coal India, the public-sector monopoly that produces 80 per cent of the coal in the country, has been unable to boost production dramatically to meet rising demand. Its annual production has inched up from 431.26 million tonnes in 2009/10 to an estimated 462.46 million tonnes in 2013/14. This has forced power companies to look for alternatives. Some bought coal mines abroad while others relied on gas supply from the Krishna-Godavari Basin, off the country's east coast. Neither option has succeeded. Imports have proved costly while gas supply from the KG basin has fallen drastically, leaving many gas-fired plants idle.
Because of the erratic power situation, companies across the country are depending on backup systems that increase costs. There is a surge in demand for solar power and diesel generation sets, says Kunwer Sachdev, Managing Director at inverter maker Su-Kam Power Systems. Coimbatore-based foundry owner Prabhu Gandhikumar says he shells out Rs 1.5 lakh more on diesel generation sets to run furnaces, in addition to the Rs 2.5-lakh electricity bill he pays. "If I get regular power supply, I will have to pay an additional few thousand rupees, but I can save whatever money I am spending now on diesel sets," he says.
Promises to Keep
In May, Prime Minister Modi formed a BJP-led government at the Centre after a thumping victory in Lok Sabha elections. One of his poll promises was to provide electricity access across the country. In a country where an estimated 30 crore people do not have access to electricity, it is a huge promise. As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi had ensured round-the-clock access to power, and turned around loss-making utilities. To implement his aim at the national level, Modi appointed banker-turned-politician Goyal as minister responsible for both coal and power.
Modi set Goyal the goal of increasing coal production to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. To achieve this target, coal production will have to grow by more than 18 per cent annually. This pace hasn't been achieved in the last decade. India also missed its target to ramp up coal output to 680 million tonnes by the end of the 11th five-year plan (2007-12), as production touched only 540 million tonnes in 2011/12. For perspective, China produces roughly 3.5 billion tonnes a year.
When Goyal took charge of the power ministry, he pushed for higher generation and that added to the fuel supply problem. "In the first three months of the new government - June, July and August - coal-based electricity generation rose 21 per cent," he said. "But the [coal] supply has gone up by only five or six per cent. The stocks are bound to fall," he said on September 7, blaming poor rainfall for the rise in demand for power and coal.
Game Plan
'The [government's] steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground' says Deepak Amitabh, CMD, PTC India. Photo: Vivan Mehra
In the last week of July, nominated Rajya Sabha MP Anu Aga gifted Goyal a book Power Struggle, authored by her late husband Rohinton Aga two decades ago. Goyal says he got several solutions to the coal supply problems from the book. One was optimum utilisation of coal and the second, rationalisation of supplies. On September 3, he allowed state-run NTPC and Gujarat government utilities to swap coal. NTPC, the country's biggest power generator, had been importing coal at ports in Gujarat for its Korba power plant in Chhattisgarh, whereas the Gujarat utilities were procuring it from Coal India's Korba mines. The power ministry believes the swapping arrangement would unclog coal supplies and help save Rs 400 crore to Rs 500 crore.
A coal ministry official says consultancy KPMG has been asked to analyse 200 mines and their supply linkages. "We are expecting more unclogging once the KPMG report comes," the official says. These steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground, says Deepak Amitabh, Chairman and Managing Director of power trading firm PTC India.
Goyal is pushing ageing power plants to upgrade, especially those which are more than 25 years old. "This will help utilities produce more power from the same amount of coal," says Ashok Khurana, Director General of the Association of Power Producers. Goyal is also working with the railway ministry to expedite work on rail lines to transport coal from mines to power plants. These include the 100-km long Tori-Shivpur-Hazaribagh track in Jharkhand, the Mand-Raigad track in Chhattisgarh, and a 100 to 120-km line between Bhupdevapur and Manoharpur in Orissa. These lines would facilitate evacuation of 60 million tonnes of coal by 2017/18 and up to 200 million tonnes by 2021/22 .
Besides, the Centre is looking to put in place a coal regulator. The previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had tabled a coal regulator bill in Parliament but it lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha. The coal ministry has now been asked to work out a "more powerful" coal regulator bill, which might be tabled in the next session. The regulator will likely be empowered to oversee auctioning of coal mines and will also keep an eye on the fuel's prices.
Many Problems, Few Solutions
In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India questioned the allocation of coal mines between 2004 and 2009 to companies without competitive bidding. At the time, the BJP was in opposition and had slammed the Congress-led UPA government for not auctioning the blocks. The Coalgate scandal has had several twists and turns since then. In August, the Supreme Court declared the 216 blocks allocated since 1993 as illegal. On September 9, the court reserved its order on the fate of the blocks and rejected a plea by steel and power producers to appoint a judicial commission to resolve the issue.
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the BJP's ideological parent, feels that the court ruling is a good opportunity to restart with a clean slate. "The government should come up with a policy which is well thought-out and does not come with a baggage," he says.
Coal ministry officials say they can, within six months, come out with a new policy for allocation of mining blocks once the Supreme Court pronounces its final order. Goyal says the government will comply with the court's verdict on the fate of the allocated blocks and will quickly act to ensure adequate coal supplies to all power plants. "I am confident that if at all there is a disruption, we will keep it to the bare minimum. There might be a short-term disruption but in the medium to long term, we will be able to open up many more [coal mines]," he says.
Some companies feel the court should not penalise them by cancelling the blocks because they were only following the government policy of the day. Other power producers, however, argue that auctions - like in the case of telecom spectrum - may not be a bad idea if it makes coal supply more reliable, although it could push up coal prices and power tariffs.
There are other risks as well if the apex court cancels the blocks. Kameswara Rao, Leader of Energy Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers' India chapter, says cancellation of the blocks would jeopardise a huge amount of bank loans these companies had taken on. Naveen Jindal, whose company Jindal Steel and Power and its subsidiaries face cancellation of 10 mines, says that investment worth Rs 4 lakh crore to develop the mines - otherwise discarded by Coal India - run the risk of going waste. "Of this, Rs 2.5 lakh crore is bank loans," he said. Other companies involved in the scandal include JSW Steel, Hindalco Industries, and NTPC.
The biggest hindrance to increasing coal production has been the delay in environmental and forest clearances. During the UPA regime, then-environment minister Jairam Ramesh's propagation of go and no-go areas for mining and later slow decision making by his successor Jayanthi Natarajan led to delays in approvals. When BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar took charge of the ministry, the message to him from Modi was clear - facilitate, mediate, but don't obstruct.
The ministry has now asked the Forest Survey of India (FSI) to review Ramesh's policy that had led to 30 per cent of coal-bearing areas coming under the no-go zones on environmental grounds. The no-go zone impacted 153 coal-bearing blocks in six states. Environment ministry officials told BT the FSI is changing the parameters fixed to determine these areas and may exclude some areas from the no-go zone. Javadekar told newsmen recently decision making in the environment ministry will now be quicker. "We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry," he said.
Even if the apex court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would affect only 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year
To make mining less polluting for the environment, Harry Dhaul, Secretary General of the Independent Power Producers' Association, suggests a renewed focus on underground mining. A Coal India official says India has 80 billion tonnes of reserves at a depth of 300 metres or more and that the government has asked Coal India to look into the possibility of increasing the contribution of underground mining in coal output to 30 per cent from three to four per cent currently.
'We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry' says Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment and Forests. Photo: M Zhazo
Executives from the coal and power industries believe that most steps the Modi government is taking to improve supplies are in the right direction. But not everyone is convinced the measures are enough. Prabir Neogi, CEO for new initiatives on fuel and power at Kolkata-based utility CESC, says it is yet to be seen what role the government envisages for private players in mining, whether they are allowed to do commercial mining or confined to the role of contractors. Neogi, who also heads FICCI's coal committee, says the long-term plan has to revolve around Coal India. Many believe the best solution to improve Coal India's productivity is to break it up into smaller units and make state governments stakeholders. Goyal, however, is not in favour of breaking up the mining behemoth.
It is clear, however, that the situation won't improve overnight. "There are no quick-fix solutions," says Neogi. "The government is plugging the gaps, but we will have to wait till at least March to see any improvement."

Rupee logs third day of loss on dollar demandRupee update: Rupee logs third day of loss on dollar demand
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 19:58 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Sustained dollar demand from importers amid weakness in local equities led the rupee to extend its losses for the third straight day and closed down by a mere two paise at 60.96 against the American unit, in an otherwise dull trade on Wednesday.
Heavy selling by foreign funds on Tuesday in local stocks and better dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.03 a dollar from previous close of 60.94 and moved in a limited range of 60.9250 and 61.05 before settling at 60.96, a net fall of two paise or 0.03 pct. In straight three days, it has declined by 15 paise or 0.25 per cent.
Continued month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners weighed on the rupee.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday washed out major afternoon session losses, but still closed down by 31 points or 0.12 pct while FPIs/FIIs pulled out $156.79 mn on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by a minor one per cent and remained near four-year peak against its major rivals, underpinned by safe-haven buying as US and Arab warplanes struck targets in Syria.
Mr. Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"Today Rupee traded in a thin range and ended almost flat. It is expected to depreciate in coming days due to month end dollar buying from oil marketing companies. In morning session also we have seen the pressure on rupee however exporter's dollar selling capped the dollar gain towards end. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.70 to 61.40."
In forward market, premium softened further on continued receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased to 215.5-216.5 paise from 216.5-218 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also slipped to 471.5-472.5 paise from 472.5-474.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.0293 and for the euro at 78.3738.
The rupee held stable against the pound to end at its overnight level of 99.89 while recovered to 78.21 per euro from 78.56. It also rebounded to 56.04 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.17 on Tuesday.

CCI orders fresh probe against Jaypee AssociatesCCI orders fresh probe against Jaypee Associates in realty deals
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 21:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Fair trade watchdog Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered a fresh probe against Jaiprakash Associates for alleged unfair business practices in imposing unreasonable conditions on buyers at one of its realty projects.
The latest investigation has been ordered by CCI on a complaint filed by a buyer at the company's 'Kensington Park at Jaypee Greens' residential project in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
The complaint alleged that the firm was imposing certain anti-competitive clauses in its agreements for buyers.
The fair trade regulator noted that the allegations made in the complaint were similar to certain other cases against Jaiprakash Associates wherein the regulator has already ordered a probe by its Director General (DG).
CCI is presently probing Jaiprakash Associates in atleast four other matters related to unfair trade practices in the real estate market.
After looking into the latest complaint, the Commission formed "a prima facie opinion" that the company is in the dominant position in the residential market in Noida and Greater Noida and had violated fair trade norms.
"The Commission is of the prima facie opinion that there appears to be a case of contravention of...the (Competition) Act in the matter," CCI said in the order dated September 24.
Accordingly, CCI has asked DG to investigate the matter.
The competition regulator said it found that some of the clauses of the agreement "prima facie, appear to be unfair, one sided and loaded in favour of opposite party (Jaiprakash Associates)".
Along with Jaiprakash Associates, CCI has also ordered probe into "the role of the officials/persons who at the time of such contravention were in-charge of and responsible for the conduct of the business of the company".
While noting that there were other real estate players in the market in Noida region, the Commission said that "the land bank available with Jaypee Group is much higher than that available with any other developer".

The man behind Speciality Restaurants successStory
Recipe for success
Its income from operations nearly tripled to Rs 226.9 crore from Rs 83.3 crore in 2007/08, profit after tax jumped to Rs 23.41 crore from Rs 4.4 crore and the profit margin almost doubled to 10.3 per cent.
Rajesh K. Mohta, CFO, Speciality Restaurants. Photo: Rachit Goswami.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
MID-SIZE COMPANIES
Winner: Rajesh K. Mohta, CFO, Speciality Restaurants
Speciality Restaurants operates more than 100 restaurants under brands such as Mainland China. But not one is located in Mumbai's Bandra Kurla Complex, a commercial hub. Why? Because it didn't find any place that would give it a healthy return on investment, says Rajesh Kumar Mohta. That approach has helped the company improve profitability. Its income from operations nearly tripled to Rs 226.9 crore in 2012/13 from Rs 83.3 crore in 2007/08, profit after tax jumped to Rs 23.41 crore from Rs 4.4 crore and the profit margin almost doubled to 10.3 per cent. "It's not for visibility of whether you have 100 restaurants or 10," says Mohta. "If you have 10 restaurants and those are profitable, everyone is happy."

