Alibaba s Jack Ma Rides  Forrest Gump  Story to RichesRBL Bank Plans to Launch IPO in Three Quarters
In his long road to riches, Alibaba founder Jack Ma says his inspiration has been the film character "Forrest Gump."
"I like that guy. I've been watching that movie about 10 times," Mr Ma said in an interview with a TV news channel as his Chinese online firm made its historic Wall Street trading debut on Friday.
"Every time I get frustrated, I watch the movie."
Mr Ma said the lesson he learned from the blockbuster featuring Tom Hanks was "that no matter whatever changed, you are you. I'm still the guy I was 15 years ago (when I earned) $20 a month."
Mr Ma became excited about the Internet during a visit to the United States in 1995 and wanted to find a way to bring the online world to China. In 1999, he convinced friends to give him $60,000 to start an e-commerce firm called Alibaba.
Fifteen years later, the company is an Internet giant and Ma -- a former English teacher -- is among the topmost ranks of China's super-rich, with wealth estimated at $11 billion by Forbes magazine.
Alibaba Group includes Tmall.com for business-to-consumer transactions and Taobao, China's most popular online consumer marketplace with hundreds of millions of products and services listed. (Read: Alibaba: China's Giant Online Shopping 'Crocodile' )
Mr Ma, now 50, gave up his university teaching job after discovering the Internet.
Seeing an opportunity for small businesses to buy and sell their goods online, he started Alibaba, initially running the company out of his apartment in the eastern city of Hangzhou.
"The first time I used the Internet, I touched the keyboard and I find 'well, this is something I believe, it is something that is going to change the world and change China,'" Ma said in the interview.
Compared to Steve Jobs
Ma has inspired strong devotion among his employees and users, drawing comparisons with late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs -- although he practices a more open management style.
A devotee of t'ai chi, he has made references to Chinese martial arts in both business strategy and corporate culture.
Porter Erisman, a former Alibaba employee who made a documentary about the firm, "Crocodile in the Yangtze," said: "What Silicon Valley is known for, he embodies a lot of that with Chinese characteristics -- that spirit of openness, risk-taking, innovation."
Mr Ma graduated from the Hangzhou Teachers' Institute with a major in English-language education, and went on to teach at another university in the city, where Alibaba is still headquartered.
Chinese state media have burnished his rags-to-riches story, saying his parents were poorly educated and his father depended on a monthly retirement allowance of just $40 to support the family.
Ma's success was evident after Alibaba's Taobao bested eBay in China, forcing the US auction site to largely withdraw from the country in 2006.
In characteristic language, he threw down a challenge to the world's global Internet giants in a memo sent to the company's more than 20,000 employees as it filed for the IPO. (Read: With Alibaba's Big Debut, 10 Things to Know )
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global Internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 Internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," he said.
On Friday, he told a TV news channel that he hopes Alibaba will one day be "bigger than Wal-Mart" and have a huge impact on the world.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope people say in 15 years this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."
Story first published on: September 20, 2014 13:16 (IST)

1871 adding startup nourishment: Good Food Business Accelerator0
“The Good Food Business Accelerator aligns perfectly with 1871’s mission to foster economic and job growth by facilitating the efforts of creative entrepreneurs across every important market sector,” Tullman said in a statement announcing the program.
Slama said the accelerator will be home to as many as eight startups, which will participate in a six-month program, including the chance to pitch their companies to potential investors in March at the Good Food Financing and Innovation Conference in Chicago.
He said about 100 mentors have signed on. Among them are Big Bowl partner and executive chef Marc Bernard; Whole Foods Midwest region president Michael Bashaw; Linda Darragh, executive director of the Kellogg Innovation and Entrepreneurship Initiative at Northwestern University; and Impact Engine chairman Chuck Templeton, who founded OpenTable.
Whole Foods Market and United Natural Foods Inc., a distributor of natural and organic foods, will be “strategic partners” in the accelerator, Slama said.
Lead funding for the accelerator came from “Food:Land:Opportunity — Localizing the Chicago Foodshed,” an initiative of the Searle Funds at the Chicago Community Trust, according to a statement announcing the accelerator. Slama said the accelerator also received a $50,000 grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Slama said the Good Food Business Accelerator won’t take an equity position in participating companies. He directed questions about fees to the program’s website, which said participants “will be required to pay an annual fee to FamilyFarmed based on the increase in revenue of their businesses. Without sales growth, (participants) will not pay any fee.”
Slama said the three main goals of the program will be to help participating companies fine-tune their business plan, to improve their market development and customer development strategies and to build a financing plan.

U.S. Cracks Down on Companies Moving Overseasu.s. cracks down on companies moving overseas
Jack Ma Becomes China s Richest PersonSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Shanghai: The largest stock offer in history has made Jack Ma, founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, China's richest person with a fortune of $25 billion, an annual wealth ranking in the world's second largest economy showed Tuesday.
"It has been an amazing year for China's best tycoons despite the jitters about the Chinese economy," said China-based luxury magazine publisher Hurun Report in its annual rich list.
Mr Ma reaped more than $800 million selling shares in the company he set up 15 years ago as Alibaba listed on the New York Stock Exchange Friday, based on company filings, with the value of his remaining stake of 7.8 per cent surging to more than $17 billion by Monday.
Last year, the estimated wealth of the former English teacher turned Internet entrepreneur was just over $4.0 billion, which did not even place him in the top 20.
Alibaba's listing raised a total of $25 billion.
But only one other Alibaba co-founder, now vice president of its China investment team Simon Xie, made the rich list, Hurun Report said.
Property tycoon Wang Jianlin, whose Wanda company bought US cinema chain AMC Entertainment, dropped to second place from first last year with a fortune of $24.2 billion as the deflating of China's real estate bubble chased most developers out of the top 10.
A new face, Li Hejun of renewable energy firm Hanergy, tied for third place with $20.8 billion, alongside beverage magnate Zong Qinghou of Wahaha.
Completing the top five was Pony Ma of Tencent, operator of China's most popular instant messaging application WeChat, with $18.1 billion.
Technology commanded half of the top 10. Robin Li of China's dominant search engine Baidu was sixth; Richard Liu of Alibaba competitor JD.com took ninth, and Lei Jun of upstart mobile phone producer Xiaomi was 10th.
Rounding out the top 10 were father and son team Yan Jiehe and Yan Hao of road-builder China Pacific Construction in seventh position and another real estate mogul, Yan Bin of Reignwood in eighth.
China's real estate and infrastructure industries have been hit by the slowing economy.
The economy grew an annual 7.7 per cent in 2013, the same as in 2012 -- which was the slowest rate of expansion since 1999. Gross domestic product growth was 7.5 in the second quarter this year.
Still, Hurun Report said the number of US dollar billionaires in China hit 354 this year, up 39 from last year.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:16 (IST)

Govt withdraws NPPA s power to cap prices of non-essential drugsPrice cap relief for drug makers
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn a set of guidelines issued in May, invoking a public interest clause, based on which it had reduced the prices of 108 medicines in the anti-diabetes and cardiovascular segment and promised to bring many more under price control.
The move followed a directive from the government on Friday. However, the price ceilings imposed by the regulator in July remain, as NPPA has withdrawn the guidelines and not the order.
Official sources said the government’s department of pharmaceuticals, under the ministry of chemicals and fertilizer, had sought the law ministry’s opinion on the regulator’s capping of prices of drugs that were otherwise outside price control. NPPA had invoked Paragraph 19 in the Drugs Price Control Order, 2013 — this empowered it to order a reduction in the price of medicines in “extraordinary” circumstances in the public interest.
REVISITING THE NORMS
NPPA had reduced prices of 108 medicine packs in anti-diabetes and cardiovascular segment and promised to bring many more under price control
Currently, 348 essential medicines are directly under price control
Prices of all these medicines are capped by NPPA at the average of all medicines in a particular segment with more than one per cent market share
For others, firms are free to price medicines
It appears the law ministry suggested the government  withdraw the power delegated to NPPA under this clause.
The July pricing order was seen as impacting the profit margins of major drug makers. Both domestic and multinational drug manufacturers have already approached different high vourts against the price cap order.
NPPA had, beside invoking the Para 19 clause, raised concern over large inter-brand differences in the market. It said this indicated “severe market failure”. To fill this perceived gap, it identified eight therapeutic areas with disease intensity and said if the price of any drug in these categories was more than 25 per cent higher than the most expensive medicine among the regulated products, then the price of such drugs would be capped by NPPA.
Currently, 348 essential medicines are directly under price control. Prices of these are capped by NPPA at the average of all medicines in a particular segment with more than one per cent market share. For all other drugs, companies are free to price their products, though there is a restriction on the raising of prices in any year.

Tesco parachutes in new finance chiefTesco parachutes in new finance director early
By Andrea Felsted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c762a970-42ed-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CM Jitan Ram Manjhi tells Bihar growth story at LSEE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China September factory activity edges up but employment shrinks0
Hurt by a cooling property sector, erratic foreign demand and slackening domestic investment growth, China's economy is seen posting its weakest annual growth in 24 years this year at 7.4 percent.
The flash HSBC/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) fell to a six-month low of 50.0 from a final reading of 50.4 in October and well below the 50.3 forecast by analysts.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion, while one below 50 points to contraction on a monthly basis.
"We are still expecting 7.1 percent growth for the fourth quarter," said Shen Minggao, an economist at Citi.
"The economy is still under downward pressure and we expect three rate cuts from now until the middle of next year," said Shen, who expected interest rates to be cut by 25 basis points each time.
To reenergize the economy, the government has rolled out a steady stream of stimulus since April that has put a floor beneath flagging growth. The ailing property market, for example, is showing some tentative signs of possibly bottoming out, though it may remain weak well into 2015.
But with large sections of the economy still listless, many analysts expect more policy support in coming months.
Some expect authorities to quietly increase money supply by giving banks more discounted loans, while others including economists at state think-tanks believe the government could act more aggressively by cutting rates before the year-end.
"Disinflationary pressures remain strong and the labor market showed further signs of weakening," said Hongbin Qu, chief China economist at HSBC.
"We still see uncertainties in the months ahead from the property market and on the export front. We think more monetary and fiscal easing measures should be deployed."
Thursday's PMI showed overall new orders picked up slightly but new export orders slowed markedly, dragging on activity. The factory output sub-index fell to 49.5, the first contraction since May.
Employment also shrank slightly last month, with a sub-index for jobs falling to 48.4 from October's 48.9. Senior Chinese leaders including Premier Li Keqiang have said that keeping the labor market healthy is a crucial policy priority.
In a sign that activity could stay sluggish next year, the country's top economic planner said on Wednesday that the economy faces increasing downward pressure in 2015, while the cabinet promised to help lower funding costs by giving banks more flexibility to lend.
(Reporting By Jake Spring and Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Kim Coghill)

Fast Lane  Slow Lane -- "No Lane" -- End Game in Telecommunications(From: The Book of Broken Promises: $400 Billion Broadband Scandal and Free the Net )
Forget about Net Neutrality's fast lane vs slow lane. We are at the end game in telecommunications and we should all be talking about the "No Lane."
Net Neutrality is like one of those Rorschach Tests used in psychological examinations where everyone sees something different in the same picture. With a record 3.7 million comments filed at the FCC in the Open Internet proceeding, as of September 15th, 2014, one thing is clear -- America is angst-ridden about something.
The most common theme in the last round of comments filed is now the-easy-to-remember chant --  "fast lane vs slow lane," while over the last decade it has referred to the blocking or degrading of service.
But the truth is -- the angst is not only from 'Net Neutrality'. According to an ACSI survey, in 2014, Comcast and Time Warner are leading the list as the "most hated companies in America," while "ISPs," (actually the phone and cable companies, including AT&T and Centurylink) were also at the bottom of customer satisfaction.
While Net Neutrality focuses on important issues, it doesn't address or cure anything to do with stopping the "No Lane"-- the end game if AT&T, Verizon, Comcast and Time Warner continue on their path. These companies are the incumbent wireline and cable companies that control most of the wires in the US and that also means that they control all wireless services. Control of the wires also gives them control over all services, including competitor services, but more importantly it gives them the ability to control who gets upgraded and who doesn't, or what prices customers' pay, or worse,  who will be 'shut off' and end up in a 'Digital Dead Zone'.
How bad is the broadband 'landscape'?
A recent speech by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler brings the "No Lane," filed with the "have nots," into focus.
"At the low end of throughput, 4 Mbps and 10 Mbps, the majority of Americans have a choice of only two providers. That is what economists call a "duopoly," a market place that is typically characterized by less than vibrant competition."
"At 25 Mbps, there is simply no competitive choice for most Americans. Stop and let that sink in...Three-quarters of American homes have no competitive choice for the essential infrastructure for 21st century economics and democracy.  Included in that is almost 20 percent who have no service at all!" "Things only get worse as you move to 50 Mbps where 82 percent of consumers lack a choice."
Ironically, (as we mentioned in our previous article ), America's customers have been charged about $400 billion dollars to have the entire US upgraded to fiber optic services by 2010, or there abouts, with speeds of at least 45 Mbps in both directions -- and that was the speed of broadband in 1992; by 2014, we should have been a 'gigabit nation'.
Wheeler, unfortunately, appears to be in denial about the other pressing issues -- And it is going to get worse.
The "No Lane": Shutting off the Copper -- and Force-Migrating to Wireless.
At an investor meeting, a CITI Investment Research analyst asked Fran Shammo, Verizon's CFO, about "the homes where you don't have FiOS. I think it's... maybe roughly 8 million homes...."
Fran Shammo responded : 'VoiceLink' and 'harvesting' are the plan.
"Outside of the FiOS footprint obviously, really we are taking two measures there. One is the Wireless portfolio and replacing some of that that old voice legacy copper voice with our LTE voice product that Wireless has been selling across the nation for almost two years now called Home Phone Connect. Within Wireline, they have a very similar product called VoiceLink which in essence is the same thing.
"So we will try to replace that copper legacy with those technologies. But look, I mean, outside, this is kind of where you say it's you have to nurture it and harvest what you have and we know that we are not going to be able to compete with speed in that environment and we will continue to do the best we can."
Harvesting customers is essentially getting as much profits out of a customer as possible by raising rates until the customer screams uncle and leaves, or stays but is being gouged. But the primary goal is to shut off the copper, so make as much as possible until then. Meanwhile, VoiceLink caused a revolt on Fire Island, New York. After the Sandy Storm, Verizon's plan was to not fix the copper utility networks in various parts of New York and New Jersey and force customers onto a 2G-styled wireless service called VoiceLink. Fire Island residents attacked this plan and in 2014 they were wired with fiber optics; Mantoloking New Jersey wasn't as fortunate or vocal and is still forced onto VoiceLink.
Unfortunately, AT&T has an identical plan, but they call it the "IP Transition."  This chart, supplied by AT&T to the FCC, is the current and after picture about its plans for the Carbon Hill Alabama Internet Protocol (IP) transition trials, which is supposed to migrate customers from the current networks to Internet-based networks.
In this rather jaw-dropping chart we see that AT&T will shut off 60% of working wired services to be replaced with their own wireless service, while 4% can't get anything upgraded so far. And their wireless product includes a VoiceLink-like service. (I note that as of the filing, VoiceLink couldn't do data applications or Internet service.)
How exactly does shutting off the working phone lines (and not upgrading the customers), or worse,  replacing the line with an inferior and expensive wireless service constitute a "transition" to IP protocols exactly?
Net Neutrality's Broadband Utility Push and the Disconnect.
Net Neutrality activists have started a clarion call for a) the return of broadband to a Title II classification, and b) there has been a new wave calling for a "broadband utility."
The Verge writes :
"A good number of politicians have recently made statements in favor of net neutrality, but House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is going further than most of them today and asking that the Federal Communications Commission reclassify broadband as a utility using Title II of the Communications Act -- exactly what net neutrality advocates have been pushing for."
And a number of the Internet companies also want to move toward applying public utility regulation to solve "net neutrality" as well.
Broadband Breakfast writes:
"In what would have seemed highly unlikely just a few months ago, growing support for public utility regulation is emerging. Tech companies, politicians, internet service providers, and component makers have started to outline their views regarding their policy approach to the issue of net neutrality."
Besides the fact that the Verizon fiber networks are still Title II, and that there has been a utility that was supposed to be upgraded to broadband since 1992, there are other disconnects in all of this.
While the Tech and Internet companies suddenly want to 'reclassify' broadband as Title II, the damage has already been done -- with massive campaigns over the last five years to strip-mine the state utilities that are in place of their Title II classification. And many of the Tech and Internet companies have been part of this push.
We've explained this elsewhere, but simply put-- "Title II" is a classification of telecommunications services, and it was applied to broadband for decades. Telecommunications services have obligations like "carrier of last resort," meaning that if your line breaks they fix it as everyone is entitled to phone service. Also, the networks are 'common carriage', meaning, like roads, anyone can use the wires; there's no gatekeeper to block someone from using a public road.
Then, around 2005, the FCC decided that broadband and Internet service, which was classified as an "information service" (Title I), should now be one service -- classified as an information service. An information service doesn't have the telecom requirements, so simply changing the classification, even for the exact same wire, changes the laws and regulations.
And right now the entire US is a battleground as whole areas of America are being targeted to get 'shut off' or 'migrated' -- with or without the customer's consent, and much of this has been about reclassifying services to get rid of regulations.
Erasing the Existing Title II laws throughout the US and Customers' Rights.
Working through a group called the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), AT&T and Verizon have been running campaigns to remove regulations where they created model legislation that is given to ALEC state legislator members, (most of whom are funded via AT&T, Verizon and the cable companies), to pass odious deregulation bills to strip-mine the Title II obligations. And these are joined by hordes of co-opted non-profits, corporate-funded think tank data, and astroturf and skunkworks campaigns to help push their funders' desires.
And the public side has been losing, big time. A report by NRRI called "Completing the Process," where the name alone should be sounding alarms, details the current situation.
"Deregulation of retail wireline telecommunications continued to be a focus for state regulators and legislators during the 2014 legislative sessions. By the end of 2013, 30 states had reduced or eliminated retail telecommunications regulation. Two additional states, Colorado and Iowa, were added to the map in 2014, bringing that total to 32. Bills pending ...increase that number to 36, covering nearly 75% of the country.
"During 2014, legislators continued to focus on leveling the playing field between the Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (ILECs) and their competitors by proposing bills that would eliminate or significantly reduce carrier of last resort obligations (COLR), reduce or eliminate the state commission's authority to resolve customer complaints for both wireline and IP-enabled services, and eliminate oversight of IP-enabled services.  By the end of 2013, 15 states had eliminated or significantly reduced COLR obligations.  By the middle of 2014, bills in Colorado and Michigan increased that total to 17, with additional legislation still pending in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts."
There have been complaints nationwide about the shutting off of the networks in this forced migration.
"Public Knowledge, TURN, National Association of State Utility Consumer Advocates, NASUCA et al write to the Federal Communications Commission today to express concern about reports that have surfaced across the country indicating carriers are forcing customers off of traditional copper-based phone service. Complaints often state that customers are being involuntarily moved to fiber or IP-based service (or some combination thereof), even if those new technologies fail to serve all of the user's needs or will be more expensive. Denying basic phone service to people who have relied on the network for decades violates the network compact that has successfully guided our communications policy for one hundred years."
But the question remains, what exactly will the Tech and Internet companies do over the next year? There are, of course, different groups of companies.  A group of hardware-tech companies , including Cisco and IBM have already come out against Net Neutrality, while another group , which includes Google and Microsoft, as well as Meetup and Etsi, are for Net Neutrality.
Net Neutrality Doesn't Give Customers a Choice of Internet Service Providers.
The other disconnect is that while NN may stop your Internet service from a 'slow' lane problem, it doesn't open the networks to direct competition. Today you can't choose a competitive Internet Service Provider, ISP, on the cable or telco wires.
The i2Coalition's comments in the Open Internet proceeding point to the difference of an 'Open Internet' and what they call 'Open Access'. They write:
"Net Neutrality is not Open Access. Indeed, Tim Wu, who is credited with crafting the Net Neutrality concept, took great pains to distinguish Net Neutrality from Open Access in his original paper that introduced the topic.
"Open Access is about opening essential infrastructure to competition. Net Neutrality accepts that there is no Open Access, and regulates Internet access rather than the essential facilities.
"
And as we wrote in 2012 , you can't really be free if there is there is no choice of an entrance ramp to the Internet. Ironically, in the 1990's, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 was established to open up this 'last mile' or some call it 'first hundred feet' so that customers had a choice of ISPs. And competition drove innovation and Internet growth.
Net Neutrality was caused, in a large part, because now AT&T and Verizon got the government (the FCC) to protect their monopolies over the wire, all the time claiming they were doing it for competition.
Bottom line -- if you had a choice of ISPs and broadband providers, then if your ISP blocks or degrades your service, you could simply choose another company that doesn't.
Finally, Net Neutrality doesn't address a multitude of current topics.
Net Neutrality Doesn't Stop the Mergers -- From the proposed Time Warner-Comcast or the AT&T-Direct TV mergers, Net Neutrality touches on market power but doesn't have any direct actions to stop these joinings.
Net Neutrality Doesn't Fix Pricing Issues or Customer Service Issues -- With prices on a continual rise, even though we hear that there is plenty of competition, or the issues, like not fixing the line after a storm in a timely manner, these issues are only peripheral to NN's current discussions.
These are all "No Lane" issues; the mergers will simply make the companies larger, who then get more control over pricing and don't have to worry about 'quality of service' because they are removing the laws and obligations, even closing down state commissions who no longer have the power to examine the books or fix issues like poor service quality.
While different groups have discussed some of these issues, the "No Lane" needs to be discussed -- now.
More:

NCP demands chief ministership term to be equally dividedNCP demands chief ministership term to be equally divided
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 07:10 PM IST
Congress and Nationalist Congress Party have so far failed to arrive at an agreement for seat-sharing arrangement for the election to the 288-member Maharashtra Legislative Assembly slated for October 15.
Congress has stuck to its proposal of 124 seats to NCP while the NCP is insisting that it should get 144 seats. Besides, NCP today demanded that the tenure of chief minister be divided equally between Congress and NCP for two and half years each.
However, Congress has not yet responded positively. Congress also indicated that it was prepared to go solo if agreement is not reached. If both the parties decided to again on late evening today. State industries minister Narayan Rane after the meeting said: "The agreement between the two parties is yet to reach. It was decided to meet again in the evening."
At the meeting held in the morning, the Congress was represented by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state party chief Manikrao Thakre, Rane and party general secretary in charge of Maharashtra, Mohan Prakash. On the other hand, NCP team comprised former union minister Praful Patel, state deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, state public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and state unit chief Sunil Tatkare.
Subsequently, the NCP core committee headed by the party president Sharad Pawar held a meeting to discuss future course of action.
Both the parties are biding time till the fate of alliance between Shiv Sena and BJP is decided. A Congress leader, who did not want to be identified, said that the party is unwilling to succumb to NCP's pressure tactics but in the larger interest of secular alliance it may offer about six more seats, which will take NCP's tally to 130 seats.
However, NCP leader said party will keep on insisting on its claim over 144 seats. However, the party will consider if Congress tweaks its 174:114 formula by offering few more seats.

Tesco  vague standards spawn temptationsUS Treasury hopes to stand logic of tax inversion deals on head
By Alison Smith
Hubris combined with weak rules could be key factors
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91ea274c-430f-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chopper deal: Gautam Khaitan remanded in seven-day ED custodyChopper deal: Gautam Khaitan remanded in seven-day ED custody
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 08:05 PM IST
Businessman Gautam Khaitan, the first accused to be arrested in connection with Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case, was today remanded in seven- day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody by a Delhi court after the agency said his custodial interrogation was needed.
Khaitan, who was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in the chopper deal, was produced before the court after ED arrested him today in connection with its money laundering probe.
Seeking 14 days custodial interrogation of Khaitan, who is also a lawyer, ED's prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told the court that the probe in the case was at a "crucial stage" and the accused was required to be confronted with the documents which the agency has received from the Ministry of Defence.
Matta told the court that searches were conducted by ED yesterday and some incriminating documents, mobiles and laptops were seized from the residence and official premises of the accused. ED needed to question him, he said.
The agency told Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (CMM) Sanjay Khanagwal that Khaitan's custody was also needed to find out the money trail.
"Investigation is of large magnitude having international ramification. He (Khaitan) was arrested today and his custodial interrogation was required," it said.
Opposing the plea of ED, senior advocate Siddharth Luthra and advocate Pramod Kumar Dubey, appearing for Khaitan, told the court that their client was arrested only on the basis of presumption.
"We are in 2014 now. For the last one-and-half-years, probe is being done in the case by CBI. CBI did not arrest me then what was the urgency of ED to arrest me. Is he (Khaitan) arrested on presumption only?" Luthra said.
Countering ED's arguments that "proceeds of crime" were to be determined by interrogating Khaitan, Luthra said, "Proceeds of crime come only when the agency can prove that the crime has been committed and the money involved has been its proceed."
Khaitan was arrested under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) by ED which had lodged a case in July this year against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal case to probe alleged kickbacks.

Three Dead in Shooting at Birmingham UPS Facilitythree dead in shooting at birmingham ups facility
US joined by its allies in strikes against ISIL: Barack ObamaAmerica's proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security," Obama said.
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:17 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:48 pm
President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the participation of a group of Arab states in US-led airstrikes on Islamic State targets in Syria shows that America is not alone in combating the dreaded extremist group.
“Last night on my orders, America’s armed forces began strikes against ISIL targets in Syria,” Obama told reporters before leaving for New York to attend the UN General Assembly.
“We were joined in this action by our friends and partners: Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Bahrain, and Qatar. America’s proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” Obama said.
“Earlier this month, I outlined for the American people our strategy to confront the threat posed by the terrorist group known as ISIL. I made clear that as part of this campaign, the United States would take action against targets in both Iraq and Syria so that these terrorists can’t find safe haven anywhere,” he said.
“I also made clear that American would act as part of a broad coalition, and that’s exactly what we’ve done. The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America’s fight alone.
“Above all, the people and governments of the Middle East are rejecting ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) and standing up for the peace and security that the people of the region and the world deserve,” he asserted.
Islamic State has taken large swaths of land in Iraq and Syria where it wants to establish Islamic caliphate. The ISIL militants have executed two American journalists and a British aid worker in Syria, prompting the West to join hands to combat the terror group.
Obama said over 40 nations have offered to help in this comprehensive effort to confront this terrorist threat to take out terrorist targets, to train and equip Iraqi and Syrian opposition fighters who are going up against ISIL on the ground, to cut off ISIL’s financing, to counter its hateful ideology, and to stop the flow of fighters into and out of the region.
“We also took strikes to disrupt plotting against the United States and our allies by seasoned al-Qaeda operatives in Syria who are known as the Khorasan group. And once again, it must be clear to anyone who would plot against America and try to do Americans harm that we will not tolerate safe havens for terrorists who threaten our people,” Obama said.

SC to decide fate of 218 coal blocks tomorrowThe apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at theCentre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:16 pm
The fate of 218 coal blocks, which was allocated to companies illegally by the Centre, will be decided by the Supreme Court tomorrow.
The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made.
The apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The apex court, which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of cancelling them saying, “what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled.”
The court, which examined the allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era till 2010, had held that they were done in an illegal manner by an “ad-hoc and casual” approach “without application of mind” and “Common good and public interest have, thus, suffered heavily” due to lack of fair and transparent procedure resulting in “unfair distribution” of the “national wealth” — coal — “which is king and paramount Lord of industry.”
“To sum up, the entire allocation of coal block as per recommendations made by the Screening Committee from July 14, 1993 in 36 meetings and the allocation through the government dispensation route suffers from the vice of arbitrariness and legal flaws.
“The Screening Committee has never been consistent, it has not been transparent, there is no proper application of mind, it has acted on no material in many cases, relevant factors have seldom been its guiding factors, there was no transparency and guidelines have seldom guided it,” a bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha had said in its 163-page verdict.

Indian Spacecraft on Course to Enter Mars OrbitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Use Disciples for Successreddit
Would you like to create a great venture and change the world, without having to do much work? If so, you need disciples.
Bruce Henderson created the Boston Consulting Group through a few disciples.  Bill Bain started Bain & Company, another hugely important and successful business -- and catalyzed an even more valuable firm, Bain Capital -- through another handful of disciples.
Not only did they achieve a great deal, but they did it without excessive personal effort.  That is the joy of disciples.
Without their first four or five disciples, Bruce and Bill would have achieved very little.  If you want to achieve 100 times more than you have so far, and really enjoy doing it, please listen carefully.
What does having disciples mean?
It means selecting four or five truly exceptional people, whom you train to execute your idea to a higher standard than you yourself could do.
The exceptional people need not have been very successful in their careers to date.  It is better if they haven't been.  Look for raw talent and potential, not track record.  Look for youth and energy.  Look for people who can listen and learn, and who will do exactly what you say.  Exceptional intelligence is valuable.  Track record and attitude you can do without.
It means having a very close business relationship with the disciples.  You must like and trust them.  They must like and trust you.  You help them; they help you.  You set the expectations of what they will get out of collaboration at the outset.  Then you exceed the expectations.
But -- please note well -- it is not an equal relationship.  Equality is great in society, but it rarely works in business.  A genuine partnership is based on equality.  A genuine and durable equal partnership -- as opposed to a partnership in name and law -- is as rare as a sociologist who can write simple English. I have been in partnerships.  I have even co-founded one.  Humans have two characteristics that make partnerships difficult -- some people are pushy animals; and nearly everyone needs a clear pecking order.  Partnership is too idealistic, too volatile, and ultimately not meritocratic.  Every partnership wastes enormous energy setting and resetting the pecking order.
With disciples, there is no problem.  They may compete with each other -- within reason, that is good.  Disciples do not compete with the founder, the boss.  If they do, their heads must go.
What do you need to attract and keep great disciples?
When I worked in Bain & Company, apart from Bill, nearly everyone was in their twenties or thirties.  One exception was a gnarled veteran of business called Chris Cadell.  As we were walking down the street one day, Chris turned to me and said, "Why do the likes of John Halpern, Ralph Willard, and Mitt Romney work for Bill?   They are all exceptionally talented.  They bring in most of the business.  Bill has no clients and does no consulting.  Why do they work so hard for him?"
There was a good answer.  The Bill Bain I knew had flaws, like all of us, but unlike most of us, he had two fantastic virtues.
One was the marriage of astounding creativity and extraordinary commercial sense, a rare combination.  There are creative people who can come up with a formula or a business idea.  And there are people who are great at maximizing the profit from the formula.  They are nearly always different people.
Bill could do both.   So too, in a completely different way, could Bruce.   So could Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.  They had vision and the ability to put themselves in the sweet spot where profit margins could be massive.
To have disciples, you have to found something that is going to change the world.  To keep disciples -- in business at least -- you have to make it hugely profitable and able to grow fast.
The other virtue Bill had was clarity and complete lack of ambiguity.  He was the boss and intended to stay the boss.
I remember my first partner's meeting at Bain.  Fancying myself as a partner -- which to me, in my naivety, implied some sort of equality -- I decided that my client work was a higher priority and that I could turn up late to the meeting, or perhaps just call in, rather than flying over the Atlantic to Boston.  One of the other new partners, Iain Evans, kindly called me and whispered -- so he couldn't be overhead -- "you better get over here right away."   I did, and when I arrived at cocktails Bill Bain made a beeline for me.  I was gratified, but not when I heard what he had to say.
"You had a client emergency, Richard?"
"Not an emergency, Bill, more a problem that urgently needed sorting out."
"Aha.  I just want to be clear that unless the world is ending, I want all my partners at the monthly meeting on time please."
"Yes, Bill."
I was never late for another partners' meeting, and neither was anyone else.  It was one of Bill's main ways of keeping control.
Why is it so great to have disciples?
Three reasons.
One -- disciples do it better.
There is a division of functions.   The guru thinks.  The disciple executes.
You know the saying, "Those who can, do.  Those who can't, teach."
The dictum is true, but thoroughly wrong-headed. In life and in business, teaching -- really great teaching anyway -- is much more valuable than doing.   Superb teaching requires terrific insight and thought, as well as the ability to communicate and inspire.  Doing does not.
Is great teaching easier or harder than great doing?   It is both.  Terrific teaching is rarer, and requires a particular type of brain.  But it is less arduous than doing.  Being a founder/guru is rarer than being a disciple, and more valuable.  But it is a nicer life too!
If you have to think and do - say you are a one-person band - you are unlikely to do either superbly.  In particular, you probably won't be incredibly demanding, because the person who is going to do the incredibly demanding task is you.  The only exception is the genius who is also a sole trader - the artist, the musician, the philosopher, the inventor.
Not only is the division of function useful.  It also means that entrepreneurs can choose disciples who are better than them at execution.
Two - having disciples gives you a great life.  Bruce Henderson did the thing he really wanted to do, which was to think and write short, controversial "perspectives" on business issues.  The rest of the time he travelled between his offices and had a ball.  Bill Bain worked far fewer hours than anyone else in his firm, and did what he was incomparable at -- honing his business formula, choosing great people, and controlling them.  He loved being the boss, and he did it incredibly well.
Three -- a great life is necessary for creativity.  As Bill used to say, action drives out thought.  If you too busy working, you can't dream up the next big thing.  If your feet are on the desk, or even better, taking a leisurely stroll in beautiful surroundings, you can.
True, there are dangers with having disciples.  The issue of control is paramount.  But that is a whole different blog.
Two Closing Questions to You
Are you equipped to have disciples?
If so, go ahead.  Your life and effectiveness will be totally transformed.
If not, what would it take to equip yourself?
If you can equip yourself, even if it takes years, it will be well worth it.
I am giving a 3-day conference for entrepreneurs in Chicago this month, from the 28th to 30th.  The first day is dedicated to the subject of "getting off the hamster wheel" and having disciples is one of the six routes to getting off the wheel and transforming your business at the same time.  For more information, click www.richardkoch.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/IntroducingRichardKoch.pdf
To book: https://m171.infusionsoft.com/app/orderForms/koch-seminar-app
If you find my blogs interesting or useful, please share them with a friend, leave a comment, or follow me on Twitter @RichardKoch8020
Follow Richard Koch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RichardKoch8020
More:

Fresh lending to agri  MSME sectors improves in GujaratFresh lending to agri  MSME sectors improves in Gujarat
Delhi govt to take strict action against littering from Oct 2Delhi govt to take strict action against littering from Oct 2
100 Flood Wall Street Protesters ArrestedFlood Wall Street Protesters Cast Blame For Climate Change As Police Arrest 104
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014 11:59 pm EDT
Police officers wait to move in to arrest demonstrators on Broadway following the Flood Wall Street protest after asking them to disperse on September 22, 2014 in New York City. The Flood Wall Street protest came on the heels of the climate change march on September 21 that attracted over 300,000 protestors.  (Photo by Bryan Thomas/Getty Images) | Bryan Thomas via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK -- Thousands of protesters shut down blocks of Broadway in Lower Manhattan for hours on Monday in a demonstration that cast the blame for climate change squarely on Wall Street.
A brief, dramatic attempt by marchers to take Wall Street itself was met with police pepper spray. Despite the NYPD's tally of 104 arrests -- including one of a man in a polar bear costume -- the overall mood was markedly more contained than the Occupy Wall Street protests that began three years ago this week.
All but two of the arrestees chose to be taken in, defying six police orders to disperse.
"The world seems like it's ending, and it's the only thing I can think of to do," 56-year-old Seth Tobocman told HuffPost just before he was arrested.
Monday's Flood Wall Street demonstration had a more frankly anti-capitalist message than the massive march that took over midtown Manhattan the day before. Many of those present were veterans of Occupy, including organizers like Lisa Fithian, dubbed "Professor Occupy" for her role in teaching tactics to that movement.
"I feel like the source of all our problems in the world is coming from the very top of the financial ladder," said Jordan, a 23-year-old college student who skipped class to attend the protest. He declined to give his last name.
The day began with speakers from places as diverse as Mexico and Mali using an Occupy-style human mic in Battery Park to speak about capitalism's ill effects on their homes. Most protesters, however, were from places closer to New York.
One was Sonia Little, a Mashpee Wampanoag Native American who lives in Massachusetts. Little also attended the People's Climate March, which organizers claimed drew more than 300,000 supporters. She said Monday's protest got "a little crazy" compared to that event, but she was buoyed by the energy of both demonstrations.
"Indigenous people have been getting the raw end of greed for 500 years," said Little, a house painter and student.
For hours during the day, protesters sat surrounding the famous Charging Bull sculpture near Wall Street, even bouncing giant "carbon bubbles" off its bronze horns. Many who sat around it expected immediate arrests.
Demonstrators push a giant "carbon bubble" past a tourist bus during the Flood Wall Street protest. (Matt Sledge/HuffPost)
But in the first big test of protest policing under Mayor Bill De Blasio, the police instead gave protesters hours to discuss politics and sing along to a radical marching band's rendition of the Twisted Sister classic, " We're Not Gonna Take It. "
"I think part of it has to be the difference between De Blasio and Bloomberg, because I think Bloomberg is part of Wall Street, he's a plutocrat," explained Max Berger, who was an organizer with the Occupy movement, referring to former mayor Michael Bloomberg. By contrast, De Blasio, he pointed out, had criticized Bloomberg for violating Occupiers' First Amendment rights.
A police officer stands guard in front of the "Charging Bull" statue near Wall Street in Lower Manhattan. (Matt Sledge/HuffPost)
While a white-shirted police superior at one point told subordinates to be "nice and easy" with arrestees, the day was not without conflict.
As protesters attempted to move onto Wall Street for the New York Stock Exchange's closing bell, they were met by a phalanx of officers holding up barricades. A few charged the barriers and were pushed back. After minutes of back-and-forth struggle, one officer let loose a stream of pepper spray into several protesters' eyes.
A street medic examines Flood Wall Street protester Evan Donovan, minutes after an NYPD officer pepper-sprayed him across a barricade protecting Wall Street. (Matt Sledge/HuffPost)
Evan Donovan was one. As video confirms , he had seconds before been chatting with an officer. Donovan said he'd been trying to explain that he had a free speech right to protest on Wall Street itself.
"Apparently they disagreed with me," he told HuffPost, his faced drenched with water to wash away the spray.
Just before 7 p.m., the police ordered protesters who remained at the same intersection of Broadway and Wall Street to disperse. For the next hour and a half, those who chose to stay were led away in plastic FlexiCuffs one by one.
Protesters sit on Broadway expecting arrest. The NYPD chose to essentially wait many of the Flood Wall Street demonstrators out, making the vast majority of arrests seven hours after Monday's action began. (Matt Sledge/HuffPost)
A protester's boombox blasted " Turn Down for What" by DJ Snake and Lil Jon . NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton himself oversaw the last handful of arrests.
The protesters on both sides of the barricades continued cheering.
"No wars, no warming!" shouted one woman, as she was taken away to a waiting police bus.
Also on HuffPost:

Krispy Kreme Stuffed Half a Million Calories Into One Box of DoughnutsThey look like Cheerios from up here.
Photo by Krispy Kreme UK via Facebook
It's called the Kripsy Kreme Double Hundred Dozen and it's exactly what it sounds like: 2,400 glazed Krispy Kreme doughnuts stuffed into a single, heart-stopping box. The giant package measures 11.4 feet by 3 feet and is so heavy that it took eight Krispy Kreme workers to deliver it, according to USA Today . No one ever weighed the box, but it was delivered late last week to 360 Resourcing Solutions, which won a contest for the Double Hundred Dozen on Twitter by tweeting about the promotion.
How many calories do 2,400 Krispy Kreme doughnuts contain? Some quick googling reveals that a single original glazed Krispy Kreme has 210 calories (reminding us once again that bagels actually tend to have more calories than doughnuts). Multiply that out by 2,400 and you get about half a million calories (504,000 to be exact) for the entire pack. For the sake of comparison, half a million calories can also be achieved with 405 Chipotle burritos (chicken, white rice, black beans, sour cream, cheese, and guac), 951 Big Macs, and 450 pints of Ben & Jerry's Half Baked ice cream.
Advertisement
The obvious if effective marketing stunt—we're writing about it!—was reportedly conceived to promote Krispy Kreme's new " occasions " division for catering corporate and special events. Krispy Kreme says it will make custom doughnuts for these events and doughnut-ified food art like doughnut towers. We'll file this one away alongside the 13-straight hours of smoked brisket Arby's aired on TV in May.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Cameron to hold bilateral talks with Iranian presidentCameron to hold bilateral talks with Iranian president
Former Syndicate Bank MD sent to judicial custodyFormer Syndicate Bank MD sent to judicial custody
Backwaters beckon brides  groomsKerala Tourism is aggressively promoting wedding packages aimed at global market
Kochi, September 23:  
Imagine two kettu vallams (traditional boats) tied together and swaying on the vast Vembanad backwaters in Kerala’s Kuttanad region. A grand stage is built across them to serve as the venue of a wedding ceremony to solemnise the union of a German groom and his British bride, who wears a Kanjeevaram sari and gold.
After the ceremonies, the newlyweds are packed off to a decorated houseboat for a honeymoon on the backwaters. This is the wave of ‘wedding tourism’ that Kerala is now promoting aggressively.
Natural resources
At the recent Kerala Travel Mart, jointly organized by the government and the tourism industry, wedding tourism was a major highlight. The annual KTM event, which showcases Kerala’s tourism products and attracts ‘buyers’ from many countries, found enthusiastic takers for the concept.
“We should have entered the wedding tourism market a little early,” a senior Kerala Tourism official said. “We now want to fast catch up with other wedding destinations such as Sri Lanka and Italy.” He recalled that Sri Lanka, at a recent global tourism fair in Germany, had decorated its stall into a fabulous Lankan wedding hall to woo tourists. Rajasthan, with its wonderful palaces and havelis, had long been into it, he said.
At the KTM fair, backwater regions such as Kumarakom, Alappuzha, Kochi, Kollam and Poovar were highlighted as the possible wedding destinations.
Top attractions
Houseboats, resorts, hotels and private homes could be offered as the venues to be followed by a honeymoon in the backwaters. Beaches like Kovalam and Bekal and hill resorts like Munnar and Wayanad could also play hosts.
An Intersight manager recalled: earlier this year an Austrian couple, had married in Kerala in a traditional Kerala Christian ceremony. The marriage was solemnized in a church but the wedding party was held on a houseboat. The couple had an entourage of about 50 people who stayed for one more week. All the wedding-related ceremonies and parties were arranged by event managers and tourism operators. “Even local autorickshaw drivers and flower vendors gained from the wedding,” the official remarked stressing the economic benefits from wedding tourism.
Overseas potential
The concept could also be sold to NRIs looking for an exciting location for their children’s weddings. From within India, the tourism industry expects wealthy businessmen from Gujarat, Maharashtra and Delhi to be excited about a wedding in Kerala.
“We can provide theme-based weddings to North Indian customers,” said Ronnies Jose of Lulu International Convention Centre and Garden Hotel, where fabulous weddings are regularly held. “Everything is provided hassle-free by event-managing firms and other service providers.”
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Amazons Karnataka tax trouble continuesAmazon’s Karnataka tax trouble continues
Sangeetha Chengappa/Anil Urs
CM Siddaramaiah is yet to finalise a date to meet Amazon officials
Bangalore, September 23:  
Despite his Government coming under pressure from various stakeholders to quickly resolve a tax dispute with online retail giant Amazon, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah is yet to firm up a date and time to meet Amazon India officials for the same.
“Amazon has sought a meeting with us, but we are yet to finalise the date and time of the meeting,” Siddaramaiah told Business Line.
The State Government has sent cancellation notices to around 100 sellers, or third party merchants, who sell their merchandise on Amazon.in, ordering them to stop storing their merchandise in the Amazon warehouse or fulfilment centre located on the outskirts of Bangalore.
The problem arose because the Government wanted Amazon to pay up value-added tax (VAT) for all the seller merchandise that is stored in its warehouse and is sold through its Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA) service. 
Amazon, on its part, says it is just providing a service for third party sellers to sell their merchandise conveniently and quickly and is not liable to pay VAT as it does not own the merchandise. “Amazon.in is a marketplace where sellers of all sizes use our platform to reach customers across the country,” a company spokesperson said.
VAT is a State tax that is charged on the sale of goods and is treated or interpreted differently in different States. Amazon has not faced tax issues in other States where it owns warehouses or fulfilment centres. 
In other cities
Apart from its Bangalore warehouse, Amazon has six fully operational warehouses in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad and Tauru (Haryana).
In an earlier interaction with Business Line, Amit Deshpande, Director & GM Seller Services, Amazon India, said: “With our FBA service, sellers save money by replacing their upfront capital expense of storing goods, tying up with a courier service, packaging costs, etc, with a low variable cost as we offer a pay-as-you-go service wherein they pay only for the services they avail from Amazon.”
In this model, sellers will always have the flexibility to choose the number of products they want to have fulfilled by Amazon and scale according to their business requirements, he said.
A Q1 2014 survey conducted with sellers on Amazon.in who have used FBA showed 85 per cent of respondents reporting a sales increase since joining the service and of these, 40 per cent respondents reported a sales increase of at least 30 per cent.
“While FBA is definitely a service that the majority of sellers who are largely small and medium businesses will benefit from, the fact is that Amazon is much  more than a mere service provider, as it is storing seller goods and merchandise in anticipation of orders from potential customers. This makes Amazon liable to pay taxes to the State Government Government,” said a senior tax consultant who has worked with eBay, requesting anonymity. “However, if it just facilitates direct transactions between sellers and buyers through its platform without storing the goods in its warehouses, there would be no question of Amazon paying up taxes.” Industry observers say unless the Government resolves the issue to the satisfaction of both parties, Amazon will be forced to move its warehouse out of Karnataka, rather than keep it partially empty. 
For early solution
Asked if the Karnataka Government has fixed a timeline for resolving the tax issue, the Amazon spokesperson said: “We have been working with the relevant authorities to address their concerns. We understand this to be a case where the laws have not kept pace with the new-age online business models that enable a faster, convenient and nationwide access to customers for sellers, especially small and medium businesses, at significantly low costs.
“We look forward to an early resolution in order to avoid closing our local warehousing operations in Karnataka and to stay on course for bringing more investments in the State.”
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Banks must plan talent  leadership needs well in advance: RBI panelMust avoid employee transfers for the sake of pre-set norms
Mumbai, September 23:  
In a bid to focus on quality and efficiency in banks, an RBI panel on Tuesday recommended that banks plan for their talent and leadership requirements at least five years ahead, and stressed that placement of employees needs to be based on well-laid out parameters rather than being ad-hoc or discretionary.
“Talent and leadership requirements need to be planned strategically over the long term, say over five years and above,” Reserve Bank of India said in a report released by a committee on Capacity Building in Banks and Non-Banks.
The ambit of the report is essentially human resource (HR) intervention that would be required for improving the efficacy and efficiency of personnel employed at various levels by banks, and non-banking financial companies regulated by the Reserve Bank.
The RBI asked banks to create specialists, as their role is increasingly becoming crucial, and hence there is need for suitable HR intervention.
Specialists’ role
“Bankers will need to specialise in different business functions, while maintaining basic general competency. Corporate banking, retail banking, treasury, risk, finance, technology, and HR will increasingly require staff with relevant aptitude. Banks need to identify five to six such tracks, within which the staff can be groomed…Certain job families like credit, treasury and technology are typically in deficit and need to be planned for at various levels,” the report said.
It further wants banks to focus on skill building, wants a 360 degree feedback mechanism, coaching and mentoring paradigm, pre- and post-recruitment training and talent retention along with creating a position of ‘Chief Learning Officer’ in all commercial banks, responsible for leadership development and collaborative learning across the organisation.
Further, the RBI told public banks to avoid transfer for the sake of preset norms. “Job rotation in banks especially PSBs, should not be done in a mechanical manner, but through a well laid down criteria… Transfers should focus on critical requirement like leadership across the geography and posts that require high concentration of power. In short, need-based transfers may be undertaken,” the panel suggested.
Rising challenges
The committee was constituted by the RBI with the objective of implementing non-legislative recommendations of the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission relating to capacity building in banks and non-banks, streamlining training intervention and suggesting changes thereto in view of the ever increasing challenges in banking and non-banking sectors. The objectives also included evolving an appropriate certification mechanism in the realm of training, whereever feasible, examining possible incentives for undertaking such certification and covering all stages of hierarchy - from the lowest rung to Board level executives.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

SCs encounter rule: FIR  probe mustPrint
The court said that the probe report shall be forwarded to the court concerned so that a magisterial inquiry is carried out. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:13 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 10:16 pm
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that henceforth all encounter killings by police will be thoroughly investigated after registration of FIRs to “bring to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands”.
Issuing detailed guidelines, the court held an “independent investigation into the encounter shall be conducted by the CID or police team of another police station under the supervision of a senior officer — at least a level above the head of the police party engaged in the encounter”.
“We are of the view that it would be useful and effective to structure appropriate guidelines to restore faith of the people in police force. In a society governed by rule of law, it is imperative that extra-judicial killings are properly and independently investigated so that justice may be done,” said a bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha.
The probe report shall be forwarded to the court concerned so that a magisterial inquiry is carried out and a final report, in the form of a chargesheet or a closure report, is presented, it said.
“No out-of-turn promotion or instant gallantry rewards shall be bestowed on the concerned officers soon after the occurrence. It must be ensured at all costs that such rewards are given or recommended only when the gallantry of the concerned officers is established beyond doubt,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman.
The bench said, “The killings in police encounters affect the credibility of the rule of law and the administration of the criminal justice system. It is the constitutional duty of this court to put in place certain guidelines adherence to which would help in bringing to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands.”
It said that if an incriminating chargesheet is filed against the police officers, the trial must be concluded expeditiously, apart from initiating disciplinary action against such officers and placing them under suspension.
The bench said the trial court shall grant compensation to the dependants of the encounter victim under Section 357-A of the IPC. The relatives of a victim can also approach a sessions court if the authorities fail to comply with the Supreme Court directives on either starting a probe or conducting it impartially.
The court said that if a police officer was found to be prima facie accused of an offence, he or she will surrender his or her weapons and any other material, subject to the rights against self-incrimination. An intimation about the incident, the court said, must also be sent to the police officer’s family and legal assistance should also be provided if asked for.
The court was hearing petitions by NGO People’s Union for Civil Liberties, which had raised the issue of genuineness or otherwise of nearly 99 encounters between the continued…

For Make in India  its Talk to AmericaPrint
The PM will also attend a reception hosted by the US-India Business Council. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:03 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 1:17 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has handpicked six top American CEOs — some of whom have been critical of India  in the past — for separate one-on-one meetings , in addition to a breakfast interaction with 11 other corporate heads.
Of the six CEOs, Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd C Blankfein and General Electric Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt have in the past expressed their frustration over the retrospective tax legislation and bureaucratic wrangles. The other CEOs who Modi will meet exclusively are Boeing Chairman and CEO W James McNerney Jr, BlackRock Chairman and CEO Laurence D Fink, and IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty. The head of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) is also expected to meet him.
Modi’s US visit , from September 26-30, is scheduled a day after he launches his ‘Make in India’ campaign here on Thursday. The campaign, to be launched at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi with cabinet ministers, secretaries and Indian CEOs in attendance, will also be aired across Indian embassies and high commissions abroad.
The breakfast meeting on September 29 is expected to be attended by Google Executive Chairman Eric E Schmidt, Carlyle Group Co-Founder and Co-CEO David M Rubenstein, Cargill President and CEO David W MacLennan, Merck & Co CEO Kenneth C Frazier, Hospira Chairman John C Staley, Citigroup CEO Michael L Corbat, Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Dough Oberhelman, MasterCard President and CEO Ajay Banga, and Pepsico Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi among others. Modi is scheduled to meet the other six CEOs individually on the same day.
The PM will also attend a reception hosted by the US-India Business Council on September 30, at which about 300 members of the business community are expected to be present. Sources said these engagements will be a follow-up to his ‘Make-in-India’ programme.
At his meetings with US President Barack Obama, Vice President Joseph Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel on September 29-30, Modi will raise the issue of increased trade and investment between the two countries. India will focus on issues of defence, maritime security, science and technology, and areas of cooperation in third countries. The PM is also slated to meet US Speaker John Boehner and leaders from both sides of the aisle.
Apart from these, his meeting with former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton is significant, with the latter being considered a possible presidential candidate. MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin pointed out that the PM is “forward-looking”, adding, “if you understand the drift” — seeming to hint at Hillary’s future plans.
A total of 35 engagements have been planned during Modi’s stay in New York and Washington DC. On September 27,  Modi is scheduled to visit the 9/11 memorial in New York, after which he is set to go to the United Nations headquarters to address the 69th annual session continued…

Shareholder activism in India highest in Asia  says reportShareholder activism in India highest in Asia  says report
Metal prices weaken on global macro factorsMetal prices weaken on global macro factors
Foreign Trade Policy will be delayed due to State electionsForeign Trade Policy will be delayed due to State elections
Amiti Sen
Causing concern A file picture of containers being loaded at Kochi port. Exporters who have been waiting for the trade policy since the Budget announcement in July are getting concerned with the latest delay.
No decision yet on outlay for the policy
New Delhi, September 23:  
Exporters will have to wait longer for the Foreign Trade Policy which could be delayed by another month because of the forthcoming elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
“The FTP is likely to be announced only after October 18, after the election process is over in the two States because of the application of the model code of conduct,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine.
The official said that the broad contours of the FTP have been finalised, but the key issue of the outlay that the Finance Ministry would sanction for various export promotion schemes needed to be settled.
“There has been no decision on the amount of money that the Finance Ministry would give to the Commerce Ministry for the FTP. That is a vital element which would help the Ministry to decide the number of sectors that could be incentivised and to what extent,” the official said.
Exporters restless
Exporters, who have been waiting for the FTP ever since the Budget was announced in July, are getting restless.
“The interest subvention scheme for exporters lapsed on March 31. We shouldn’t be made to wait for the FTP announcement for extension of the scheme,” said Rafeeque Ahmed, President, Federation of Indian Export Organisations.
The FTP, that will include both an annual plan and a five-year long-term policy, will also focus on lowering transaction costs and reducing paper work. The Commerce Ministry is trying to rationalise the export promotion schemes that include Focus Product, Focus Market and Market-Linked Focus Product schemes, to avoid overlaps and ensure that sectors in need of support get incentivised.
It is also in favour of increasing the level of incentives from the present 2 per cent to 3 per cent to more than 5 per cent.
“Exporters are up in arms against the proposal to discontinue incentives for certain sector. But we also feel that there is a need to give higher rates of incentives for it to make a substantial difference. It all boils down to how much funds we have,” he said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

F&Bs affair with celebrity chefs continuesF&B’s affair with celebrity chefs continues
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Vicky Ratnani joins F&B Asia’s India biz
Mumbai, September 23:  
Celebrity chefs are an important ingredient at F&B Asia Ventures, an investment holding company of Asia-focused private equity firm, Everstone Capital.
After roping in Sanjay Malkani from the Oberoi Group, and Bill Marchetti, formerly with ITC, the company has now brought celebrity chef Vicky Ratnani on board..
Ratnani has joined F&B Asia’s operations in India.
Headhunting the best
F&B Asia has several brands which it operates across the continent.
Some of the most notable ones are Harry's, a casual format operating premium lifestyle bars, restaurants and a boutique hotel in India and Singapore; Pind Baluchi, an established brand in India for casual North Indian cuisine; Domino's in Indonesia; and also an exclusive 25-year master franchise to roll out Burger King in India.
Everstone also owns a controlling stake in Pan India Food Solutions, which operates a host of restaurants, including Spaghetti Kitchen, Noodle Bar, Copper Chimney, Bombay Blue and Gelato Italiano.
Jaspal Sabharwal, Partner at Everstone Capital, told BusinessLine that the company tends to regularly poach some of the best chefs in the country to ensure that it continues to deliver “the fine blend between art, craft, and science. We have a systematic detailed plan. Most of our chefs have five-star backgrounds. We have taken on board several chefs from the Taj, the Oberoi and the Orchid.”
Chef Malkani, an Indian and Continental expert, has more than 27 years of experience in India and West Asia, said Sabharwal.
Similarly, Marchetti, a German-Italian by birth and Australian by nationality, earlier spearheaded the Italian team at ITC.
Stating that the firm’s formats tend to cater to a wide spectrum of customers, from three-year olds to 80+ years, Sabharwal said constant innovation is needed to make their dining experience memorable.
Foreign formats
`“Vicky Ratnani is a fantastic combination of art, craft, and science. He is all set to provide culinary stewardship to Burger King, Harry’s and is set to launch Disgruntled Chef in Mumbai,” said Sabharwal. Disgruntled Chef is a popular gastro-bar in Singapore, with a Singaporean-Chinese chef Daniel Sia, who was formerly executive chef at The White Rabbit, another famous restaurant in Singapore.
Ratnani, recently the head chef at Nido, said he was looking to bring the Disgruntled Chef brand to India “with my own expressions. I will also get to use my creativity on the Burger King menu in India, especially the vegetarian options. With Harry's, I plan to launch a special bar and brunch menu, and with PindBalluchi, a new way of looking at Indian cuisine.”
Ratnani has anchored many cooking programmes including Gourmet Central, Vicky Goes Veg, and Vicky Goes Foreign.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Barclays pays fines in UK and USBarclays hit by fines in UK and US
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13bb28fe-431d-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama: No Nation Has  Free Pass  on Climate ChangeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US: Strikes on Islamic militants to continueUS: Strikes on Islamic militants to continue
Packed itinerary of ModiPacked itinerary of Modi
Sharda Cropchem shares gain 48% over IPO priceSharda Cropchem shares gain 48% over IPO price
Narendra Modi to hold talks with over 15 top US corporate honchosE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex down in choppy trade; logs sixth straight weekly gainUpdated: September 19, 2014 16:46 IST
Sensex down in choppy trade; logs sixth straight weekly gain
PTI
economy, business and finance
The Sensex on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day’s high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed’s continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise.
The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained.
The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
“Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi—based broker.
Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp, Hind Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers’ fancy after Moody’s on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent.
Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.

BSE Sensex in negative territory; pharma stocks lead fallE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FinMin in a quandary over Dabhol projectComments
The government’s diktat to public sector banks to rein in their non-performing assets (NPAs) has brought the focus sharply back on the Ratnagiri power project in Maharashtra (the erstwhile Dabhol plant).
The finance ministry is faced with the unenviable task of balancing the concerns of lenders — SBI, ICICI Bank, IDBI bank, Canara Bank and IFCI Ltd — and the promoters, NTPC Ltd and GAIL (India) Ltd of the 1,967-MW power project, which also has a 5 million tonnes-per-annum LNG (liquefied natural gas) terminal.
The lenders, who have an exposure of Rs. 8,500 to Rs. 9,000 crore in this project, are insisting on hiving off the LNG terminal in order to recover their dues. GAIL and NTPC are strongly opposed to the move, saying it will be “value destructive” at this stage.
The joint venture company of NTPC and GAIL — Ratnagiri Gas and Power Projects Ltd (RGPPL) — owns the project and have contributed close to `1,000 crore each since 2005 as part of the Centre’s plan to revive it. NTPC and GAIL own 32.86% equity each in RGPPL while Maharashtra State Electricity Board holds 17.4%. The balance is  held by the consortium of lenders.
Most lending banks told HT they are looking to recover some chunk of the money through sale of non-core assets of companies that have been defaulting.
“We are looking to push companies into hiving off their non-core assets as there has to be some recovery for banks,” a senior State Bank of India executive said on the condition of anonymity.
Gross NPAs —loans that do not yield returns — have risen to over 4%, which is a cause for concern for the Indian banking system. The finance ministry and RBI have directed banks to focus on recovery and chalk out ways that can help them in the exercise.
“Hiving off the Dabhol LNG terminal is contemplated as one of the options to provide immediate relief to lenders of RGPPL…the proposed option may provide some respite, nevertheless the capacity utilisation and viability issues of the power block shall continue to nag stakeholders, promoters and lenders in the future,” GAIL CMD BC Tripathi said in a recent letter to finance secretary Arvind Mayaram.
NTPC CMD Arup Roy Choudhury also confirmed that the sale of the LNG terminal was not a viable option and has been opposed by NTPC.
GAIL and NTPC executives told HT that a final decision is awaited from the finance ministry. “Based on our internal assessment, the hive-off does not appear to provide a sustainable solution ... at this stage, the distress sale shall only be a value eroding proposition,” GAIL has told the government.
Further, the hive-off is likely to result in higher capital costs under the new ownership structure as banks would reconsider the loan position to the new entity, it added.

G20 to add $2 trillion to global GDP  track black money worldwideG20 to add $2 trillion to global GDP, track black money worldwide
PTI  Cairns, Australia: , September 21, 2014
First Published: 23:42 IST(21/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:48 IST(22/9/2014)
Comments
The Group of 20 (G20) on Sunday decided to put in place a mechanism for automatic exchange of tax information between various countries by 2017, a development which will help India in dealing with the menace of black money stashed abroad. The group, which represents about 85% of the global economy, also vowed to take more measures to push global GDP by an additional 2%, or over $2 trillion, by 2018.
India has been facing difficulties in getting information on cases of suspected tax evasion from other countries, specially Switzerland, which has been maintaining that such details cannot be shared without specific proof of financial irregularities by the concerned Indian client of Swiss banks.
The new framework would mark a significant forward movement from the current practice of information exchange mostly on the basis of requests and only in the cases of suspected tax evasion or other financial crimes.
“We will begin exchanging information automatically between each other and with other countries by 2017 or end-2018,” the G20 communique said.
The new global standard, as formulated by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in July, would be common for all countries. It would facilitate a “systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country of income to the country of residence of the taxpayer concerning various categories of income or asset information”
Minister of state for finance Nirmala Sitharaman, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan and finance secretary Arvind Mayaram are representing India at the two-day meeting. The summit will be followed by a meeting in Brisbane in November.
Commenting on the global GDP push, Sitharaman said: “At the moment, on the 2% requirement, it is broadly understood that about a 1.8% is already achievable. It is only the balance on which a little more push is required.”
The IMF World Economic Outlook in July had said the global economy would expand by 3.4% in 2014 and improve to 4% next year.

School toilet blitz spells windfall for state-run Hindustan PrefabComments
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged companies to participate in constructing toilets across the country, it signalled a windfall for a little-known public sector company, Hindustan Prefab Ltd.
HPL is all set to construct and operate around 2,500 to 3,000 toilets in schools across the country for over 20 public sector companies, including ONGC, BSNL, SAIL, and IRCTC.
It is expected to ink a series of contracts next month that may translate into `200-300 crore in revenues for HPL in 2014-15 and up to `500 crore in 2015-16. HPL has been in the prefab business since 1953.
“I cannot name the PSUs, but they will be around 20 and we are very excited about the project,” Rajesh Goel, chairman and managing director, HPL, said.
Each toilet, including its disposal system, will cost `2-4 lakh, depending on the region, according to company officials. The company will also provide a two-year annual maintenance contract that will include maintenance training.
“A toilet in Leh requires different material and technology for water and disposal as compared to one in Bhuj,” said Goel. The tender for procurement of material will be done once the agreements are signed. Goel is confident that the technology and manufacturers of such products are available in India and will not require any foreign technology or manufacturers.
According to Goel, prefab is the perfect solution for such projects, which have to be completed in a limited time frame of one year, with contributions from the corporate social responsibility budget of companies, and with involvement of various state governments.
HPL is in discussions with the ministry of human resource development and rural development, the implementing agencies for the project, he said.
“We are also keenly watching the ‘Swachh Bharat’ scheme. That would give us a big opportunity as well,” said Goel.

BPM seeks out smaller towns to fuel growthComments
India’s business process management (BPM) industry may see a geographic shift in favour of non-metro or Tier-2 cities and small towns, which hitherto never figured in their location planning.
The driving force behind such a move includes lower wages, lower rents, lower attrition, good talent availability and better livability quotient.
At present, the cluster of six large metros — Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Pune — houses most of the BPO delivery centres and generate 90% of its over $20-billion (Rs 1.2 lakh crore) revenue.
However, this trend is changing as Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Indore, Bhubaneswar, Visakhapatanam, Coimbatore and Kochi have become favoured destinations. Infosys, already has two BPO centres in Jaipur.
“For the BPM industry, non-metro centres currently account for around 10% of revenue and 20% of workforce which will double in the short term,” said Rajiv Ahuja, chief operating officer, Asia, Aegis. “We are planning 2-3 centres in tier-2 and tier-3 cities and will announce them in the next 45 days,” he said. Aegis has centres in Srinagar, Vijayawada, Lucknow, Bhopal and Jamshedpur.
Another major player Syntel will soon open its 2,500-seater campus in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu.
The non-metro centres largely service domestic market which accounts for 10% of the BPM market. But, according to Sanjay Mehta, MD, Teleperformance India, this would dramatically change within five to 10 years.
“Till 2007, 95% of the domestic market was served from metros which has reduced to  5% now. This would happen in the case of offshore delivery as well,” he said. “About 50% of the current BPO workforce comes from non-metro centres,” he said.
“Many of the Tier-2 and Tier-3 centres do not have SEZs. It can be a dampener to set up export-oriented global delivery centres. However, for the domestic market it is a good proposition,” said Partha De Sarkar, CEO, Hinduja Global Solutions, which has centres in Siliguri, Nagercoil and Durgapore.

Wal-Mart e-commerce push to go pan-IndiaComments
Retail giant Wal-Mart will roll out the online e-commerce platform to members of its Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in Guntur and Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh beginning October 1, and eventually extend e-commerce operations to all existing stores and maybe even to new stores.
The facility, which allows registered members to shop and book orders online, is already available in Lucknow and Hyderabad.
Since Wal-Mart India’s cash and carry business is a business-to-business format, only registered members of the Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in these cities will be
eligible to transact online.
The government doesn’t currently allow foreign direct investment in e-commerce.
“Given the tremendous support from our members for this initiative (e-commerce channel), we will continue to extend this in a phased manner to our other stores as well,” said Krish Iyer, president and CEO of Wal-Mart India. “Members have particularly appreciated our transparency and consistency of prices, availability of products and assortment besides the convenient payment options and efficient delivery solutions.”
Wal-Mart currently runs 20 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in India.
The company had inked a deal with the Bharti Group to eventually expand into retail, but that partnership was called off last year in the wake of policy uncertainties in multi-brand retail.
Wal-Mart is going solo for now and concentrating on the wholesale business in India, after having put the brakes on expansion for about a year.
Iyer had said last week that the company has restarted its expansion process and plans to open 50 more stores, taking its total strength to 70 outlets by 2020.
Wal-Mart’s wholesale push comes on the back of its expectations that the wholesale market in India could swell to about $700 billion by 2020 from $300 billion now.
Wal-Mart is not the only one bullish on wholesale.
Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Retail is rapidly expanding its cash-and-carry business under the Reliance Market brand, and has also announced plans to expand its retail business to e-commerce this year. E-commerce giant Amazon, which runs an online marketplace in India, is also reportedly looking to set up an online portal for wholesellers in India.

Alibaba boost for Indian e-commerceComments
When Alibaba.com raised $21.8 billion in the biggest ever initial share sale on Friday, the Chinese Internet company made a strong case for its emerging market counterparts, convincing investors globally that the next set of large e-commerce companies will come from markets outside the US.
Among these markets, India is considered to be the most attractive after China, and local e-commerce firms such as Flipkart and Snapdeal are likely to continue attracting large sums of capital from investors, at least over the next two-three years, experts said.
Read full story here .

Expect NSE Nifty to breach 52-week high in near termE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A new hedging policy with a pragmatic approachA new hedging policy with a pragmatic approach
Viral Shah
For the first time, NCDEX has allowed hedging based on past performance
September 22, 2014:  
Hedging is described as business activity which allows a person to mitigate or reduce the risk of physical commodities by taking an opposite position in the derivatives market. A commodity exchange provides a platform whereby all commodity participants are able to hedge their underlying positions through a regulated and transparent mechanism. For the first time in over four decades, commodity exchanges NCDEX and MCX, set up in 2004, provided Indian entities to hedge in the domestic commodities market. Till then, only a few commodity participants used the RBI policy to hedge in international markets.
In the last 10 years, exchanges and regulators have tried their best to increase the hedging participation on the exchanges. However, restrictions on the position limit were one of the biggest problems faced by the market participants who wished to hedge their underlying positions. In certain commodities such as soyabean,where India’s production is over 10 million tonnes, the client-wise position limit was capped at 30,000 tonnes. Hence, traders, including the Government’s own agencies such as FCI, Nafed, PEC, etc were not able to participate in the local exchanges thereby reducing the volumes and open interest.
To cope with this situation, NCDEX launched its hedging policy in 2005 whereby a genuine hedger was able to create positions in excess of the client wise limit provided he/she was able to satisfy the following two criteria:
* Short hedge (or short side position in the futures market) required stocks in the warehouse.
* Long hedge (or long side position in the futures market) required export contracts where the price was fixed.
However, this definition excludes a lot of traders due to the complex nature of commodities. Hence, the new NCDEX risk policy is a bold and pragmatic step to increase market participation and address the long pending issues of the hedgers.
Differentiation factor
The main differentiation factor is the criteria for eligibility of a hedging participant. The new basis for granting of a hedge limit is as under: export obligation/anticipated sales; import obligation/anticipated purchases; domestic obligation; stocks held/anticipated; Past track record of production/processing capacity; past track record of purchase/sales; any other documentation that would establish validity for seeking hedge limits.
For the first time, an exchange in India has allowed hedging limits on the basis of the past performance. This is a new approach to commodities – albeit in use in FX markets for many years. Every agricultural commodity has a crop cycle/marketing cycle (for e.g. sugar marketing cycle is from October to September). At the start of the crop cycle (harvesting) it is not possible for a processor to accumulate enough physical material but he wants to lock prices in the futures market to insulate from further price rise for the remaining part of the year. Commodity futures contracts are up to 3-6 months and hence he can lock his/her purchase price right up to six months forward for an anticipated sale during that period of time. Alternatively, a producer can benefit from going short in the forward market on the basis of the anticipated cash purchases/stock that he will build over a period of time.
Cross commodity hedge
Another interesting factor in the new hedge policy is where the exchange provides and hence approve of different types of hedging requirement such as Cross Commodity Hedge whereby a soyameal exporter is able to get hedge limit using soyabean futures since soyameal is not actively traded in India. Realisation of soyameal from bean is approximately 80 per cent and hence to hedge an exposure of 32,000 tonnes of soyameal, the processor can actually take a hedge limit of 40,000 tonnes of soyabean.
In certain instances, the consumer of a commodity is exposed to another quality/form of the listed commodity but based on the correlation between these commodities is able to use the exchange platform for hedging. Hence different qualities of wheat or maize can be correlated with the exchange-listed commodities and adequate hedge limits can be obtained.
Upstream and downstream hedging of commodities is also permitted. Hence in most of the agricultural commodities, many participants in the commodities value chain who prepare value-added products can also avail of the hedging policy.
The guidelines regarding the process flow for obtaining and adhering to the hedge limit is well-documented and will be easier for companies to follow. The onus is still on the company to disclose proof and present valid documents to the broker and the exchange. However, the exchange has imposed strict action in case of false details or documents being presented to avail of the hedge limits. In any case, hedge limits are not applicable in the near month and thus will ease the concerns on concentration of positions.
If the experience of the currency markets is anything to go by, areas such as hedging limit based on past performance allows market participant to be more flexible in their pricing. Cash flows can be better managed and there is a genuine amount of risk reduction due to surety of pricing and no counter party defaults. However, like FX markets whereby large companies report their FX loss/gain as a separate balance sheet item, SEBI and FMC should also push commodity based companies to disclose their hedging programme and make the exercise more mainstream.
The writer is Head- Institutional Business, Geojit Comtrade Ltd. Views are personal.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Disruption is needed after disasters‘Disruption is needed after disasters’
Jinoy Jose P
EDWARD SIMPSON, Author-anthropologist
Natural calamities can rupture the socio-economic status quo, as an anthropologist discovers in Gujarat
A natural disaster is a lesson in philosophy, in a way. It offers new insights on life and living. The Gujarat earthquake of 2001 was one such. So transformative was its outcome that it changed the political and socio-demographic contours of the state in ways unimaginable, as Edward Simpson, anthropologist at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, describes this in his book, ‘The Political Biography of an Earthquake: Aftermath and Amnesia in Gujarat, India’, which was released in India recently. In an e-chat with BusinessLine, Simpson spoke about the quake and its politics. Excerpts:
Why this book?
I had conducted research in Gujarat before the earthquake. At the time of the tragedy in 2001, my attention was drawn to the safety and plight of my friends in the region. I think it is fair to say that then Gujarat was a very different place. Things have changed, quite dramatically. The research I went on to do was often led by the trials and tribulations of my friends. For some, the earthquake changed everything; for others, very little changed. Both groups, however, had to endure the utter disruption of the aftermath. Back then, amid the grief and the shock, people were angry, there were protests and endless discussion about the delays and inequalities of post-earthquake reconstruction. Now, it is difficult to recreate that time in our imagination. The towns of the region have almost changed beyond recognition. People expect and want different things. Although rather impressionistic, I sense that people are more mobile. There are improved roads, infrastructure and then of course there is the industry, and the pollution and new kinds of population that has come along with it. I hope in some small way that the book I have written is a record of this remarkable transformation.
This book is a long-term study of what happened after a catastrophic natural disaster. I am an anthropologist, so my research was among the people affected by the disaster and not primarily on the agencies who worked first with first relief and then rehabilitation. I encourage the reader to think as broadly as possible about what aftermath is. If we look at the evidence from Gujarat, we can see that earthquakes can be used to push particular kinds of future, politics and ways of being.
The shock of an earthquake can be used to bring about industrial revolutions, or land grabs, proletariats can be created, and new forms of culture and politics can be encouraged to emerge. I discuss at length in the book how people have played with history, promoted certain historical figures over others, attempted to flatten older regional distinctions within Gujarat, and bring new gods and temples to people.
Why a ‘political biography’?
Many people I know in Gujarat have a deep interest in politics. This has always impressed me about them and it has influenced the ways in which I have seen Western Gujarat transform.
It is well known that electoral turnout in India is high; however, it is less often discussed how impressive the general knowledge of ordinary people is about the local political scene is. I think people I know there saw the aftermath of the earthquake as a political problem perhaps more than they saw it as a logistical one. I have used ‘political’ in the title to capture some of this spirit, and but also to point to the fact that humanitarianism, planning and such other operations also are a kind of politics, and never value neutral — no matter what those engaged in such activities may claim.
How has the Gujarat quake affected the people’s and the government’s outlook towards life and administration?
The earthquake brought neoliberal governmental reforms into western Gujarat in rapid, and dramatic ways. Public-private partnerships (PPPs) were visible, perhaps for the first time. New agencies with new titles initially confused people. I think it is fair to say that the transition to the new forms of government, although necessarily hasty, was poorly explained, and this became the source of much confusion and then in turn anger in western Gujarat. A great deal of money was available to ensure that buildings were safer, and the population density of the major urban centres was much reduced. Unquestionably, many parts of the region are both safer and more accessible now than they were before. However, the sheer complexity of reconstructing, retrofitting and imposing new building rules on the urban areas inevitably meant that some shortcuts were taken. A price will be paid for this in the future.
It might seem a strong claim, but I think the aftermath, by which I mean the key reconstruction period of five or six years, left a greater mark on the outlook of people than the disaster itself. The disaster was a disaster, it was short, ruthless and brutal. The aftermath in contrast was long, difficult and exhausting. For those who lived in towns like Bhuj and Anjar, it is difficult to convey how much they suffered at that time. The noise, dust and uncertainty was incredible. But, gradually, I think, hope shone through.
It has become obvious to me that people understand this earthquake and its consequences in such utterly different ways. They will draw their own conclusions from what I have written, regardless of what I conclude. I think this is an important lesson. You and I will not see the same things in earthquake; neither will a local person see the same as the state. Trying to understand how and why this is the case and what it means for our interaction and mutual confusion is a positive way of improving conditions in the aftermath of future disasters.
I have also learnt that disruption is necessary in the aftermath of a catastrophic natural disaster. No amount of post-disaster management will do away with disruption altogether. Therefore, disruption must be used creatively as a way of engaging the many agencies, institutions and ideas that come together in an aftermath. I have also learnt that people have a great deal of creativity, resilience, and enthusiasm for life.
These positive attributes were generally not capitalised on in the aftermath of this earthquake. The aftermath of an earthquake is a long process, and should be treated as such from the outset. Auditing policy and the relationship between new emergency policies and older policies should be a core part of any reconstruction programme. The confusion caused by a number of contradictory policies in Gujarat led to a considerable amount of anger and anguish, which could easily have been avoided.
You’ve titled a chapter, interestingly, ‘Hyperbolic Capitalism’. Does this phrase explain the growth of Gujarat (which is disputed by many ) in the past decade?
I used the word hyperbolic because the rate of growth in some parts of the region affected by the earthquake was tremendous. A frontier mentality emerged, and industry of various kinds appeared across the region. Factories were put up at a tremendous rate. People descended on the region to profiteer. A friend joked it had become like the ‘wild west’ of cowboy films. I’m not an economist, and neither has this been the focus of my study, but on the whole people I know well in Gujarat are generally much better off now than they were before. How much of that would have happened anyway, is impossible to work out. But growth for growth’s sake, the saying goes, has the same mentality as a cancer. Economic growth is of course the buzzword of the moment, but what about quality of life, what about the longer-term consequences of such rapid industrialisation for the environment, and the social conditions of those who live there? These are secondary concerns, and they should not be. I sensed a great deal of excitement in the aftermath of the earthquake about the coming of industry, towards the end of this research I also sensed something of a sadness at the realisation that industry had changed the world and the changes were not always good.
Usually, tragedies unite people, cutting across caste and other differences. But you witnessed a different story.
The people who worked in the initial weeks after the aftermath have talked about the spirit of collective help that prevailed at the time. A few journalists, unsurprisingly, went in search of stories of inequality and discrimination. Such practices were probably not difficult to find, given that most societies are also extremely discriminatory even in normal times.
The longer-term consequences of the reconstruction programme have, however, been more divisive, not deliberately, but in their mostly unintended consequences. In urban areas I think it fair to say that social class played a greater role in the redistribution of people than then caste. Not always so, but often. Then there is the endless question about Hindus and Muslims in Gujarat. There was deliberate exclusion at times, of this there is no doubt.
But in the longer term, housing reconstruction and the reconfiguration of urban areas has led to a greater distinction between the two populations. This is complicated, and not simply a product of the discriminatory policies of the State. I want to be clear on this. Soon after the earthquake a good friend of mine, a Muslim, built himself a new house in a suburb outside Bhuj. He lived there quite happily, without receiving compensation money from the state. Then, the widespread violence of 2002 left him and his family feeling vulnerable and isolated in the suburb. In addition, the State announced its compensation policies. Being a sensible man, he realised if he returned to his old house he could claim compensation. Therefore, he along with many other Muslims abandoned their new houses and moved back to their old neighbourhood and have remained there ever since. The term ghettoisation is often used now in academic literature about the ways Muslims inhabit urban space in Gujarat, but it should be clear that there are at least as many push factors as there are pulls.
You talk about how, after the reconstruction process was over, villages were ‘adopted’. And some of these were divided based on caste.
In this book, I have tried to make it clear the post-earthquake reconstruction is a long process and should be understood as such from the outset. At first, the village adoption scheme, which was in effect a PPP, led to the reconstruction of villages at a very rapid rate. However, many people thought that the houses built were inappropriate, often being grid-like structures, concrete boxes grafted onto hillsides, and unbefitting the cultural sophistication of life in rural India. However, the longer-term nature of this research has shown that many, not all, of these villages are now inhabited highly successfully by people. Who have made these villages their own. Places that once appeared a bit like concentration camps are now often vibrant and prospering.
Much of the reconstruction process adopted a participatory planning approach. The sensible idea is that you involve people in decision-making about the future. However, when this was managed badly, as it often was, in relation to village adoption this often meant villages dividing along caste lines, unable to come to a collective decision.
Disasters offer regimes fertile avenues for testing and applying authoritarian systems, because the people are will be in a state of vulnerability at the time. Was this the case in Gujarat?
Narendra Modi came to power in the name of the earthquake. For some years, his reputation was closely connected to the ways in which post-earthquake reconstruction was handled. He visited the region a tremendous number of times. The story that was allowed to emerge nationally and internationally about earthquake reconstruction was always one of success. And, if the measure of success is infrastructure and industrialisation then unquestionably he was successful. However, if we use other measures then the story appears less like a success.
You discuss the socially divisive intervention by organisations like BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha. Was this a general trend or an exception at that time?
I have used the word intervention to capture the spirit in which people in the region experienced those who came to help. The humanitarians, who probably mostly thought they were working for the good of humanity, brought ideas which were quite alien to the local population. I’m not just thinking here of foreign NGOs, but of Indian organisations which through the structure of the PPP public-private partnership could and did impose their ideas on local people while constructing villages.
The country is grappling with yet another natural disaster — the J&K floods — as we speak. What are the lessons from the Gujarat quake on disaster preparedness?
PPPs were a speedy solution to rural construction. However, they carried with them all sorts of discriminatory politics and imposition. Confusions and contradictions in policy caused deep anxiety and insecurity amongst people who would already have suffered terribly. The language policy could have been much softer.
I suppose the broader question raised by post-earthquake reconstruction in the book is one of the future. At the moment, the focus is on growth, industrialisation, and infrastructure. But, the fundamental design of this economy is fossil fuel based. Coal=electricity, and an economic system=petro mobility of both labour and capital. Is this sustainable as other institutions and countries worry about sustainability? The book ends by saying “proper hope is a gift”. But that’s not easy to come by. Especially to those who are stricken by such tragedies. Your comments.
Some of Europe’s great 18th-century thinkers were encouraged to consider what hope meant in the aftermath of the earthquake which happened at Lisbon in 1755. It struck me while doing this research in Gujarat that many people there were asking very similar questions. Similarly, they reflected on the cause and origins of the earthquake and why it affected them in particular ways. Hope is an interesting commodity or spirit or emotion. Learning how to work with and gift hope, alongside material succour, is a neglected part of the humanitarian project. Hope gives direction, enthusiasm, and expectation. These qualities it seems to me were discouraged in Gujarat by a manufactured state of confusion, where things were sometimes so ludicrous and hopeless.
The Political Biography of an Earthquake is published by Oxford University Press
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

FinMin to take stock of Jan Dhan Yojana  send progress report to PMFinMin to take stock of Jan Dhan Yojana, send progress report to PM
Mahua Venkatesh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 23:37 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:42 IST(22/9/2014)
The finance ministry will soon initiate a survey to assess the efficacy of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and analyse how many accounts have been opened.
The report will be sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
About 40 million accounts have been opened under the scheme so far. “We would soon initiate a survey to understand how many unbanked households have been covered region-wise,” a senior finance ministry official said.
“We need to understand how the programme has worked and the cities and regions that have been most covered or even those that have not been covered that extensively,” the official added.
There have been cases where people with existing bank accounts have opened new ones to avail the benefits of PMJDY. Modi is keeping a close watch on the programme, sources said.
He had also written to public sector bank employees to take up the exercise on a mission mode. The Indian Banks Association has said that the survey would be ready by year-end.
“We will prepare a report to understand the efficacy of the programme. The benefits will be extended to even those who already have zero-balance accounts,” TM Bhasin, chairman, IBA, told HT.
After six months of operation of the no-frill accounts, banks would extend an overdraft facility of Rs. 5,000 to account holders.

Data in the service of the poorUpdated: September 23, 2014 01:25 IST
Data in the service of the poor
Chakrapani Ghanta
The Hindu MAMMOTH EXERCISE: Scientific data is imperative for the efficient functioning of the modern welfare state. Picture shows enumerators collecting data from residents in Jubilee Hills as part of the Comprehensive Household Survey 2014. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
TOPICS
personal data collection
Telangana’s household survey, by collecting first-hand information, throws up many opportunities for administrators, policymakers and researchers in social sciences
Modern states seldom act arbitrarily. Scientifically derived data is imperative for the efficient functioning of the modern welfare state. Although the role of the state in India has been declining in the neoliberal context, its responsibility in taking care of sections of the society who are seen as weak, vulnerable and marginalised has increased significantly. Thus, we witness a number of welfare measures being initiated by several States in the country. However, a fairly common and disturbing phenomenon is the large-scale irregularities in the execution of welfare schemes. The state cannot afford to remain a bystander when it comes to misuse of government machinery. Past experience has shown that governments that made consistent efforts towards improving governance were duly rewarded by the electorate.
In the newly formed State of Telangana, the baggage of poor governance inherited by it at the time of being carved out of erstwhile Andhra Pradesh (A.P.)was sought to be addressed by the Comprehensive Household Survey (CHS). At the time of assuming office in June, Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao had expressed hope that the outcome of the survey would help the government plan better for welfare.
Unfortunately, the move has been criticised by sections of the media questioning its intention. They levelled allegations that the CHS would profile the population based on their place of origin, stoking fears among a section of the population in Hyderabad. The allegations levelled had such repercussions that even Cabinet Ministers in A.P. took up the matter with the Centre. However, undeterred by the negative publicity, the people of Telangana took the matter in their stride.
Given the increasing importance of the state in the lives of the poor, and pilferation of state funds meant for the poor, the importance of data on the socio-economic status of the population has become essential to planning of welfare measures. On August 19, Telangana conducted a one-day survey of its entire population. The decision of the Telangana government is historic, for no other State in the recent past has undertaken such a massive survey exercise. Lakhs of government employees geared up to the demand within short notice and participated wholeheartedly in the process of enumeration. The success of the survey is reflected in the unprecedented participation reported to be about 98 per cent. The masses greeted the process with enthusiasm, and both the rural and the urban poor and the middle class identified with it. The questionnaire used in the survey is designed in a scientific way to cover all sections of the population and key socio-economic indicators. It consists of 104 items divided into nine sections to record complete details of the people, including data on land holding, occupation, access to education and health services, the status of disabled, etc. The data aims to provide the State with the much-needed figures to make a proper assessment of the magnitude of financial commitment necessary for social welfare schemes.
Charting a new course
One of the several areas that the survey tried to address is the controversy over the State’s fee reimbursement scheme — Financial Assistance for Students of Telangana — which had assumed political overtones immediately after the decision to introduce it was announced by the newly formed State. Owing to lapses in implementation, the fee reimbursement scheme had become a golden goose for education entrepreneurs. It is said a number of engineering colleges have mushroomed over the last four to five years just to benefit from this scheme and/or were set up with the funds received from it. At one stage the scheme deviated from its goal and became a money spinner for a few. The recourse to fraudulent means by educational institutions had reached such a point that some engineering colleges had started admitting students by way of offering cash incentives for taking admission into their colleges. Another problem was that the State had to identify student beneficiaries with the help of admission lists provided by the colleges rather than independently identify students in need of financial assistance. Aimed at providing data on needy students, the CHS tried to identify students, their present level of education, and their economic background. This data would help the State in not only supporting the students who took admissions into colleges across Telangana but also into national institutions like the IITs and NITs.
One of the biggest challenges faced by the newly formed State is taking care of its poor senior citizens. Having announced a hike in the monthly pension amount for those above 65 years of age to Rs.1,000, the Telangana government needed to ascertain who genuinely deserved it. In the midst of reports that the existing name rolls consisting of beneficiaries included people as young as 45 years of age, it was high time that a verification exercise was undertaken.
One of the promises made by the Telangana Rashtra Samithi was the distribution of three acres of cultivable land to every Dalit family. In order to fulfil this promise, the State wanted to ascertain information regarding landholding patterns and the number of eligible families. Telangana had previously witnessed two rounds of land reforms: one round of efforts were made when P.V. Narasimha Rao was Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister (1971-73); the second round of efforts were made in order to curb the Naxal movement. These two phases of land reforms resulted in greater redistribution of land in Telangana. In contrast, it is said 20 per cent of the families in a typical coastal Andhra village hold more than 80 per cent of the land. Data on land holding not only helps the State in land distribution but also in learning of the number of small and marginal farmers. This data may be used by the department of agriculture to plan for input subsidies, credit requirements, crop insurance policies, etc. Data on the sources of irrigation collected in the survey would help the State in assessing the usage of electricity for farm irrigation, and the extent of command area, etc.
Another important feature of the survey is its attempt to ascertain the status of artisan castes and people engaged in these occupations. The economic restructuring in the post-liberalisation era rendered many artisan communities and their crafts irrelevant. However, a significant number of persons belonging to these communities are still engaged in their traditional occupations. In this context, the survey collected important data on the details of people’s occupations, particularly caste occupations, pursued by individuals in every household. It is believed that such data would help the State in evolving appropriate welfare measures to alleviate economic problems and help strengthen the communities by upgrading skills, acquiring new techniques of production and if possible, link the communities with appropriate markets so that they can earn remunerative prices for their produce.
The survey laid emphasis on the health status of household members. This data would help the State in knowing the types of ailments, the extent of their spread and in augmenting State- funded health centres in rural areas.
Also, data on persons with disabilities would make it possible for the State to reach out to them as they have been the worst sufferers in the present day market conditions. Details on the usage of cooking gas, income tax assessment, property tax and drinking water connection, etc. collected as part of the survey would help the State in urban and rural drinking water supply, widen the property tax net, rationalise subsidies and plan for better civic amenities in the urban and rural contexts.
The survey instruments employed by the Census of India and the National Sample Survey Organisation often fail to capture the local specificities embedded in the culture of the region surveyed. This is because the emphasis is on evolving a common standard applicable across the country. Short of such limitations, the instrument used in the survey by the Telangana government captures the reality to a great extent.
The survey exercise throws up many opportunities for administrators, policymakers and researchers in social sciences since it provides first-hand data which is relevant and appropriate to the peculiarities of Telangana. The data generated by the survey can serve as a benchmark for assessing the progress in subsequent years by various government departments.
(Chakrapani Ghanta is Dean, Faculty of Social Science, Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University and Raghava Reddy Chandri is Associate Professor, Department of Sociology, University of Hyderabad.)

Sharda Cropchem Jumps 76% on Market DebutYou are here: Home Market
Sharda Cropchem Jumps 76% on Market Debut
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 12:58 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in Sharda Cropchem which is into marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients, jumped 76 per cent in its debut on Tuesday. The stock, which got allotted at the higher end of its price band Rs145-Rs 156, jumped to Rs. 274 on the National Stock Exchange.
The company had got a very good response for its IPO. The issue was oversubscribed 60 times. The qualified institutional buyers (QIB) category was oversubscribed over 32 times whereas the high networth individuals (HNI) segment was oversubscribed 251 times. The retail segment also showed significant interest in the IPO as it was oversubscribed 6 times in the segment.
Sharda Cropchem raised nearly Rs. 352 crore through the IPO.
Business & Promoter profile of Sharda Cropchem
Sharda Cropchem is a Mumbai-based company which is into marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It's core strength lies in identifying generic molecules, preparing dossiers, seeking registrations, marketing and distributing formulations or generic active ingredients in fungicide, herbicide and insecticide segments.
Mr. R. V. Bubna, a Chemical Engineer from IIT, Bombay along with Mrs. Sharda R. Bubna had founded the company in 1987. Prior to IPO the promoters held 84.13 per cent stake in the company and a non-institutional investor, HEP Mauritius held 15.87 per cent stake.
Through this IPO, HEP Mauritius has offloaded its entire stake of 15.87 per cent and the promoter has reduce its holding to 75 per cent. The sole purpose of this IPO was to list the company on the exchanges and give an exit to HEP Mauritius.
Valuation
The company had reported earnings per share of Rs 11.85 in FY14 and Rs 9.35 in FY13 and Rs 7.62 in FY12. As of March 31, 2014 the company had a net asset value of Rs 61.28 per share, which indicates that each shareholder will get Rs 61.28 per share if the company were liquidated.
At today's highest market price of Rs 274 the shares trades at 23.12 times its FY14 earning per share whereas its closest peers Rallis India trades at 28 times and UPL trades at 13 times its FY14 earnings per share.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 12:58 (IST)

Brewing Pacific typhoon will nudge monsoon to wag tail over South IndiaBrewing Pacific typhoon will nudge monsoon to wag tail over South India
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 23:  
The emerging wet session from the monsoon on retreat is being bankrolled by an intense typhoon-in-making in northwest Pacific and initially seen hunkering down towards southeast China.
The building storm is merely waiting for predecessor ‘Fung-Wong’ that has hit the same region of China to finish formalities and sign off quietly into the East China Sea off Hangzhou and Shanghai.
Typhoon alert
The European Centre for Medium-Term Weather Forecasts indicates that the successor storm has already taken shape off Guam.
The US Joint Typhoon Warning Centre also has put out a cyclone (typhoon) formation warning.
The European Centre expects the system to intensify rapidly and become a very strong typhoon, achieving peak strength just off Taiwan and southeast China coasts by the week-end.
Both these coasts would come directly under the fury of the typhoon, which is then forecast to rebound towards South Korea and later to Japan.
It is around this time that the monsoon flows in the Arabian Sea and southwest Bay of Bengal get sufficiently churned up and converge into a circulation around peninsular tip of India and Sri Lanka.
Circulation forms
India Met Department said this morning that a preparatory circulation has already formed over Lakshadweep-Maldives-Comorin area.
It could descend to lower heights and move in east-southeast towards Sri Lanka and adjoining southwest Bay of Bengal.
It would send in easterly winds across the peninsula in a pattern associated with the northeast monsoon and cause moderate to heavy showers over the south peninsula from the week-end.
Parts of the southern peninsula have already started receiving passing showers over the past couple of days from a deep trough extending from the low-pressure area over east India.
Rain in East
These rains will get better organised with the formation of the circulation over south peninsula and Sri Lanka from the week-end.
In fact, the ‘low’ in the east has precipitated so much rain over the past couple of days that the overall monsoon deficit has come down by a full percentage point to 11 per cent.
Assam and Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, and Sub-Himalayan West Bengal have turned into ‘normal’ category of recorded rainfall during the season until yesterday.
But Nagaland-Mizoram-Manipur-Tripura is still nursing a considerable deficit, with exactly one week to go before the season formally comes to an end.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Steel Ministry official:Era of direct allocation of coal blocks overSteel Ministry official: Era of direct allocation of coal blocks over
Our Bureau 
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
With the Supreme Court stating that all coal blocks allocated between 1993 and 2010 are illegal, the time of direct allocation of coal blocks is over, said Syedain Abbasi, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Steel, at an event here on Monday.
Abbasi said, "We now need to debate whether or not to allow merchant mining in the case of coal while allocating the blocks and, probably, should not tie up the end-use."
"There is definitely a significant amount of reform required in the sector," he added.
Meanwhile, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd’s Chairman Naveen Jindal said private participation in coal mining should be encouraged.
"Any country which has the amount of reserves we have would encourage companies to come and develop coal mines. The resource can remain with the country while companies pay royalties and income-tax on profits," said Jindal.
Jindal said his group companies have invested nearly Rs 50,000 crore based on the coal block allocations and are operating its mines at 100 per cent capacity.
The fate of those investments and coal blocks now depended on what the Supreme Court decides with regard to de-allocation.
The Coal Ministry has said in case coal blocks are de-allocated, swift and decisive action would be taken to ensure continued production.
While auctioning the blocks remains an option, it is not yet clear what will be the mechanism of such a move by the Coal Ministry.
"Auction seems to be the best solution to allocate the mineral resource but the risk is that it will only attract people with deep pockets while new entrepreneurs will be left out. A solution needs to be found for them," said Rita Singh, Chairperson, MESCO Steel.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Why Suzlon Shares Fell 27% in Three DaysYou are here: Home Market
Suzlon Shares Fall 27% in Three Days
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:01 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in wind turbine manufacturer Suzlon Energy fell to their maximum daily limit for the third day in a row registering over 27 per cent fall in last three trading sessions.
The sharp selloff was triggered on Friday, when the shares allotted by the company to foreign currency convertible bond holders got listed on the exchange on September 19, 2014.
Suzlon Energy had issued 270 million equity shares at Rs. 15.46 per share to FCCB holders under a restructuring arrangement.
According to the arrangement, FCCBs issued earlier - including unpaid interest and default interest - were converted into equity shares. The conversion of FCCBs to equity shares resulted in dilution of promoter holding from 37.81 per cent to 34.46 per cent.
Analysts say new shareholders have been selling their shares in the open market as the new shares were issued to them at substantially lower than current market price.
As of 2.57 p.m. shares in Suzlon Energy were locked in lower circuit at Rs. 16.55 on National Stock Exchange.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 14:58 (IST)

GDP Growth of 8% Possible in 2-3 Years: ChidambaramCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Former finance minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said India can achieve 8 per cent growth in the next 2-3 years by following the path of fiscal prudence.
"I remain very confident despite change in government, that if we remain firmly on the path we will get back to 8 per cent growth in about 2-3 years," Mr Chidambaram said at an event in Delhi.
Indian economy grew by 4.9 per cent in fiscal year 2013-14. However, in the April-June quarter, the growth picked up to 5.7 per cent.
If the government continues to remain on the path of fiscal prudence, promotes savings and investments, and be more diligent in implementing projects, it would be possible to get back to 8 per cent growth, he said.
The economy was growing at over 9 per cent before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008.
"Financial sector reform is also very much required for achieving 8 per cent growth. FSLRC (Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission) has made far reaching recommendations, some are legislative, some are non-legislative in nature," he said.
"Non-legislative recommendation should be carried out over a period of next 2-3 years."
He further said it is possible to finance 8 per cent growth by domestic savings and some foreign direct investment (FDI).
"Anything more than 8 per cent is bound to become inflationary which will exacerbate fiscal deficit. We have to borrow more and there are consequences of borrowing more and enlarging the fiscal deficit and current account deficit," he added.
Mr Chidambaram further said that the key to controlling inflation was to contain fiscal deficit. Government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent in the current fiscal from 4.5 per cent in 2013-14.
He said 8 per cent growth would help create employment for 10 million people.
Appreciating the Narendra Modi government's decision to abolish Planning Commission, Mr Chidambaram said the body has outlived its utility.
"I believe that the right decision was to end the Planning Commission and what should be in place is only a much smaller, not more than 100 people in the new body," he said.
He further said that only those people should be inducted in the body who can do prospective planning, and lay out the future roadmap and finally leave it to the ministry.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 15:16 (IST)

Gold Recovers by Rs 150 to Rs 27 000Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Snapping three days of losses, gold prices rebounded by Rs 150 to Rs 27,000 per 10 grams in the national capital on Tuesday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at existing lower levels amid a firm global trend.
Silver followed suit and recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 39,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial offtake.
Emergence of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers ahead of the festive and wedding season, a firm global trend mainly led the recovery in precious metals, according to traders.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, recovered from an eight-month low by rising 0.4 per cent to $1,220.21 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity recovered by Rs 150 each to Rs 27,000 and Rs 26,850 per 10 grams respectively. It had lost Rs 600 in last three sessions.
Sovereign, however, ruled steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of 8 grams in scattered deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready rose by Rs 250 to Rs 39,500 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 455 to Rs 39,350 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 2,350 in the previous five sessions.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 14:22 (IST)

Women in Business: Q&A With Shanna Israel  Celeb lifestyle expert and CEO/ Founder of Vertical Wellnessreddit
Shanna Israel is a professional lifestyle expert in the intersecting worlds of health, wellness, fashion and entertainment. Shanna has immersed herself within the health care industry after her near death experience battling West Nile virus followed by Graves' disease and Hashimoto's. Fearing for her life and mistreated by top professionals, Shanna conducted immense research on conventional and nontraditional methods of treatment and learned how to heal her weakened body and regain strength through a mixture of natural, environmental, integrative, and holistic treatments.
Shanna, now a health advocate and wellness professional, created Vertical Wellness as a platform for people to learn about viable treatment options and preventative care. Combining her expertise in wellness and health, as well as nutrition and dietary restrictions for various diet plans and conditions, Vertical Wellness collaborates with health professionals and A-list celebrities to deliver invaluable information to help readers achieve optimal health, regardless of dietary restriction or limitation. It is a leading innovative lifestyle, health and wellness brand that focuses on topics for optimal health ranging from eco-fashion, organic living, healthy recipes and preventive medicine. Shanna's work with health-conscious celebrities such as Madonna, Kevin Hart, Steven Tyler and Grant Hill positions her as a prominent contact among dynamic and credible opinion leaders across the celebrity sphere.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I've seen a lot and been through a lot. I've been exposed to a variety of topics, people, places, world events etc. I've always paid attention to the X factor in life. What makes people tick, why they are motivated to do certain things, what doesn't motivate them, etc. Understanding our surroundings is one of the key ingredients to becoming a successful leader in my opinion.  Overall, the challenges in my life have made me stronger and have been my motivation to keep pushing ahead. Also, trying new things, listening to my gut, being open to the road ahead and welcoming constructive advice have been great lessons for me.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at Vertical Wellness?
I've worked for corporate America, as well as for myself owning a small business. Corporate life taught me about being professional, sometimes not being professional, real world politics, expectations, people's sense of entitlement, perseverance, hard work and team playing. I have brought all of the positive lessons I learned from all of this to my own business and am grateful to have all this experience. Even though you own a small business, you still need to adhere to the practices of big business if you want to excel. I feel fortunate that I know both sides of the fence, so I can meet in the middle!
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Vertical Wellness?
I was diagnosed with Graves Disease and Hashimoto's Disease when I started Vertical Wellness.  I had to delay things because I was sick and lost good people who were working with me at the time due to the delay of this journey. That was tough for me because once I get started I want to push forward. I had to find patience. After I got my health back, Vertical Wellness became an open book. My vision came to life. The biggest highlight for me is creating something/adding something to the planet that has not been there before. I pinch myself every time I set a goal and then reach it - whether it's seeing a new logo, meeting a new metric, making a new relationship - I hope I never lose that pinch because it keeps it exciting. I'm really happy that we've accomplished a lot in a short time with Vertical Wellness.
Why did you want to start your own business?
Freedom and having the ability to create under my own vision is like air to me. I need it.  The journey with Vertical Wellness is a bit different though. The information I provide can possibly save a life. I never thought I would ever build a health/wellness business. My life journey took me to this topic and I wanted to create a platform that was a need for people, yet still have the ability to make it creative. This journey became more about providing key content for people than my own goals.
What advice can you offer women who are seeking to start their own business?
Do it! However, keep the reality in mind. What other parts of your life do you attend to - home, family, kids, hobbies, etc? These all factor in. Starting your own business takes a lot time, effort and money. If you don't create a business plan and a life plan, a business can become an expensive and draining hobby. Also, don't expect miracles overnight. Like anything, a new business will take time to develop, market and promote. I always say try to find people that are smarter than you in a field that you are not familiar with - this will make the journey a lot easier! Also, make sure you have sound financial advice. A good idea can only be great if it works! No margin, no mission.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
I'm still working on it. I'm trying to make up for lost time. I love to work. It helped me stay alive and get back to daily life. I know what goals I want to reach personally and professionally and if I keep my priorities in place, I know things will get done one way or the other. I used to be a perfectionist, but life is not perfect and I was reaching for unrealistic goals. One of my favorite books is called 5: Where Will You Be Five Years From Today? by Dan Zadra. He outlines a life plan that includes business, family, spirituality, etc. This gave great insight to get balance in my life. Having harmonious balance all the time is sometimes unrealistic, but I take life as it comes and know when things are supposed to happen they will. My job is driving the car in the right direction and focusing on my happiness first and foremost. That energy will attract what you want and need in life.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
I hear "it's a man's world" a lot. I also see women trying to become men. I don't try to compete with men or be better than them. That's a waste of time and a waste of being a female. I admire smart businessmen and those are the people that I learned from originally. If anything, I try to understand them the best I can. I never wanted to beat them, just join them in a complimentary way. I have seen both sides and there's hypocrisy sometimes, but there's also room for women.  I just saw the list of Fortune's top women's list and it's impressive! We've come so far. Anyone climbing the ladder has to start climbing somewhere and if you stay steady and consistent you will eventually reach the top. If you keep looking at the people next to you or above you and focus on what you don't have you will lose focus. Sheryl Sandberg came out this year with the "ban bossy" campaign but there's the word "bitch" used the same if not more right around the corner. There's always going to be a word for us.  We are multitaskers by nature - we can take the heat and still get the job done!  You just have to be smarter than the situation. Be savvy ladies - don't lose time or focus on issues that you can work around and gain from. Be realistic and practical. We have to enjoy the journey as best as possible - nothing great comes easy.  Be yourself, stay true, be confident and boundaries will break as you keep living your dream.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I had mentors in my life and could not be here today without them. I was an intern, I assisted without pay to learn, I took the open opportunities whenever I could. They all made an impact whether learning something new or making a new contact that opened a door. I try to mentor people daily when I can. If I get the chance to share vital information that could help someone, I will be the first to discuss it with them. We are here to pay it forward. I can't say thank you every five minutes, but I can show gratitude by helping others when so many people have helped me.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
Funny, as I was reading my 5 book I thought of whom I would like to model my life after and Arianna Huffington is the first person that came to mind.  She always is keeping life interesting, seems like a good mother, daughter, sister, and is not ruled by paparazzi - she can still live like a free citizen.  She also is innovative, keeps it fresh/young, helps educate and provides answers for people looking for a healthier life and takes time for herself first. I admire all of those qualities.  Other women that I admire are Melinda Gates for using money for good, Madonna for pushing boundaries, Golda Meir for being fearless,  JK Rowling for overcoming obstacles and believing in herself and staying true to her vision, Maya Angelou for keeping it real, Jane Goodall for showing compassion towards animals, Condoleezza Rice for achieving above all odds. However there are women that are leading everyday that are not in the public eye that I truly admire - Dr. Terry Wahls for looking outside the box to heal her MS, good moms,  women in the military, humanitarians, animal rescuers, adoption advocates, etc.
What do you want Vertical Wellness to accomplish in the next year?
My goal with Vertical Wellness is to be one of the leaders in health and wellness. I came to play, but I also came to win. My life's struggle will be someone else's answers. People shouldn't have to suffer the way I did. I want to make sure people know about this vital information to improve their health and wellbeing.  Your job, your hobbies, your joy is not possible without your health first.  I want to make sure the content is out there for people to receive and enjoy.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

BJP caution Arunachal Pradesh voters against Congress  misruleSep 23, 2014 at 06:28pm IST
BJP caution Arunachal Pradesh voters against Congress 'misrule'
7
0
Itanagar: With battle-lines drawn for the October 15 by-poll at Kanubari in troubled Longding district, BJP Arunachal Pradesh unit president Tai Tagak has asked the people of the constituency to remain vigilant against the "mis-rule" of the Congress government and give a fitting reply.
Launching the election campaign for party's nominee Rongnai Maham at Kanubari on Monday, Tagak claimed that the saffron party would take over the reign of the state soon and was closely watching the functioning of the state government, party spokesman Techi Necha said in a statement on Tuesday.
Cautioning the people to remain vigilant against the "misrule" of the ruling Congress, Tagak alleged that the people of Tirap, Changlang and Londing districts were being deprived of development during the Congress regime.
Launching the election campaign for party's nominee Rongnai Maham at Kanubari on Monday, Tagak claimed that the saffron party would take over the reign of the state soon.

US Stocks Open Lower; CarMax Sinks on EarningsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Stocks  once buoyant  face fresh threatsStocks, once buoyant, face fresh threats
By: Adam Shell September 23, 2014 9:26 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
The U.S. stock market, which late last week seemed to be cruising along and climbing to ever-higher altitudes, is suddenly showing signs of fragility.
All looked swell for stock investors after the stock market dodged a trio of major risks last week. Fears of an earlier-than-expected interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve were calmed by a dovish Fed chair Janet Yellen last Wednesday. The potential fallout from Scotland exiting the United Kingdom never came to fruition after the Scots voted against independence Thursday. And Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba ( BABA ) delivered on its Day 1 IPO hype Friday with a 38% rally.
But the tone of the market has suffered a complete about face since early Friday when the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index hit an intraday record high of 2019.26. The benchmark large-cap index has tumbled 1.2% since then, and the more aggressive parts of the market, such as small-cap stocks and tech stocks in the Nasdaq composite, have tumbled even more.
In early trading Tuesday on Wall Street the Dow Jones industrial average was down 41 points, or 0.2% to 17,131. The S&P 500 was 5 points lower, or 0.3%, to 1989, and the Nasdaq was off 11 points, or 0.3%, to 4516.
As a result, calls for a market pullback are growing louder and more frequent.
What changed:
1. Talk of Alibaba-led top.
Market skeptics warned that the hype over the Alibaba IPO could be telegraphing a stock market top. The weak stock market action since early Friday does little to torpedo that bearish prediction.
While nobody knows for sure if Friday’s early surge and resulting intraday record did indeed mark a market top, it sure had all the ingredients of a classic short-term peak, says Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at the Schwab Center for Financial Research.
“(The) market action on Friday … appeared to be a classic ‘blow-off’ top,” says Frederick. As a result, he says traders should prepare themselves for a potential market pullback of 3% to 5% in the near term.
2. Turbulence under market surface.
Small stocks won the Wall Street performance derby last year, with the Russell 2000 small-cap index gaining 37% vs. a gain of 29.6% for the large-company S&P 500. But the small fries are this year’s biggest laggards and, as a result, the market has lost its market leader.
Heading into Tuesday’s trading, the Russell 2000 was 6.6% below its March 4 record close of 1208.65. After Monday’s 1.5% slide to 1129.36, the small-company index is down 2.9% in 2014.
And while the S&P 500 is still up 7.9%  for the year after Monday’s sell-off, and is down just 0.8% from last Thursday’s record close of 2011.36, there is fear that it, too, is under selling pressure and will give up a chunk of its recent gains. Declining stocks swamped rising stocks by a 9-to-1 margin Monday, according to Strategas Research Partners.
“It has felt to us for some time that we are entering a correction or bear market,” says Patrick Adams, a money manager at Choice Investment Management. “Smaller companies have performed poorly this year.”
But what worries Adams is there is more weakness below the surface of the major indexes. The losses of individual stocks are adding up, despite the fact that the broad S&P 500 remains near record highs. In other words, fewer stocks are doing well. Commodities, such as oil and copper, have also been hit hard amid signs that the economy in China is slowing.
“The market is getting narrow and losing breadth,” says Adams. “It sure feels like a down move in the market or it will occur soon.”
3. Threats from abroad return.
The U.S. announced that it has started airstrikes in Syria targeted at the Islamic State. While markets have shrugged off geopolitical flareups in Ukraine, Gaza and to this point Iraq and Syria, it is unclear how long investors can ignore the growing threats from abroad.
“The Dow is set to open in the red following news that the U.S., Saudi Arabia and several other nations carried out airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Syria last night,” said Alex Eppstein at Schaeffer’s Investment Research.
Citi strategist Tina Fordham wondered aloud in a research note how long markets can shrug off geopolitical turmoil.
“In the short-term, we think investor indifference to geopolitical risks is largely justified,” Fordham told clients. “But given deteriorating security and political fundamentals, and the prospect of waning (Fed asset purchases), this is unlikely to last.”
The mood on Wall Street has also been hurt by fears that China’s economy may be slowing more than expected, as well as the U.S. Treasury’s announcement last night that it was taking steps to close tax-related loopholes that will make it harder for U.S. companies to move their operations abroad in an effort to pay less U.S. taxes, a practice known as a “tax inversion.”

6 key climate-change areas ripe for investingGetty
Q: How can I profit from global warming?
A: The fact  the planet is heating up is undeniable. Pundits and scientists disagree on the reasons, but investors just want to know how to profit.
Such a macro change in the environment will have untold ripple effects. But investors trying to get ahead of this trend are looking at six key areas that are most likely to see the biggest changes, as expressed in the Motif Investing Climate Change investment. Those areas include water and waste management, agriculture, renewable energy, energy efficiency, nuclear energy and energy storage.
Water and waste management stocks have the largest weighting in Motif’s Climate Change Investment, stocks that include energy firm Covanta Holding (CVA) and Xylem(XYL) . Covanta is in the business of turning garbage into power, a skill that could be very lucative as the world looks to deal with global warming. Xylem is making a variety of technology to improve the availability of water.
On the agriculture front, the second biggest weighting in the Motif, Monsanto (MON) is on the list. The company is developing a variety of tools that farmers can use to deal with the possibility of higher temperatures and less water. Big solar stocks, like First Solar (FSLR) , are also on the possible winners.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

SAIL sees steel demand to go upNEW DELHI, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 23, 2014 20:55 IST
SAIL sees steel demand to go up
Special Correspondent
iron and steel
Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) sees demand for the metal to go up substantially due to the government’s focus on manufacturing and infrastructure through smart cities, ports, power plants and the development of industrial corridors.
“We are fully geared up to cater to the increased steel demand in a cost effective manner by adopting modern technology, improvement in product quality and process efficiency,” SAIL Chairman C. S. Verma said at the company’s annual general meeting.
The eve of the meeting saw continuation of trend of independent directors appointed by the previous government resigning from their posts. With two independent SAIL directors — Parminder Hira Mathur and N. C. Jha — resigning from the board, the total number of such resignations from public sector undertakings has touched nearly 25 since the Modi Government took office.
Outlining the company’s expansion plans, Mr. Verma said SAIL was finalising its Vision 2025 document, which envisaged an investment of about Rs.1.50 lakh crore. This would be in addition to the investments made in the ongoing expansion.
During 2013-14, SAIL achieved a 21 per cent increase in profit after tax to Rs.2,616 crore.

US joined by its allies in strikes against ISIL: BarackObamaAmerica's proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security," Obama said.
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:17 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:48 pm
President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the participation of a group of Arab states in US-led airstrikes on Islamic State targets in Syria shows that America is not alone in combating the dreaded extremist group.
“Last night on my orders, America’s armed forces began strikes against ISIL targets in Syria,” Obama told reporters before leaving for New York to attend the UN General Assembly.
“We were joined in this action by our friends and partners: Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Bahrain, and Qatar. America’s proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” Obama said.
“Earlier this month, I outlined for the American people our strategy to confront the threat posed by the terrorist group known as ISIL. I made clear that as part of this campaign, the United States would take action against targets in both Iraq and Syria so that these terrorists can’t find safe haven anywhere,” he said.
“I also made clear that American would act as part of a broad coalition, and that’s exactly what we’ve done. The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America’s fight alone.
“Above all, the people and governments of the Middle East are rejecting ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) and standing up for the peace and security that the people of the region and the world deserve,” he asserted.
Islamic State has taken large swaths of land in Iraq and Syria where it wants to establish Islamic caliphate. The ISIL militants have executed two American journalists and a British aid worker in Syria, prompting the West to join hands to combat the terror group.
Obama said over 40 nations have offered to help in this comprehensive effort to confront this terrorist threat to take out terrorist targets, to train and equip Iraqi and Syrian opposition fighters who are going up against ISIL on the ground, to cut off ISIL’s financing, to counter its hateful ideology, and to stop the flow of fighters into and out of the region.
“We also took strikes to disrupt plotting against the United States and our allies by seasoned al-Qaeda operatives in Syria who are known as the Khorasan group. And once again, it must be clear to anyone who would plot against America and try to do Americans harm that we will not tolerate safe havens for terrorists who threaten our people,” Obama said.

Google launches new social campaignUpdated: September 23, 2014 20:58 IST
Google launches new social campaign
Special Correspondent
social issue
Internet search major Google, on Tuesday, launched a new social campaign to increase the internet literacy among women in India. Google has tied up MARD, an initiative started by Bollywood actor-cum-director Farhan Akhtar. MARD has tied up with Google’s digital literacy initiative for women ‘Helping Women get online’ (HWGO).
HWGO was launched by Google India in collaboration with Axis Bank, Intel and Hindustan Unilever about a year ago, a statement from Google India said. The campaign will look to generate awareness around the need to get women online as well as encourage existing users to help get more women online and spread awareness of gender equality and women empowerment.

http://usat.ly/1uDGaYTFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
iPhones hard to find? You'll have to play the waiting game
LOS ANGELES: Apple sold a record 10 million new iPhones over launch weekend, 1 million more than the previous record of 9 million iPhones last year.  Now what? How do you get your hands on the iconic device?
Post to Facebook
iPhones hard to find? You'll have to play the waiting game LOS ANGELES: Apple sold a record 10 million new iPhones over launch weekend, 1 million more than the previous record of 9 million iPhones last year.  Now what? How do you get your hands on the iconic device? Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uDGaYT
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
29
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
iPhones hard to find? You'll have to play the waiting game
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 2:17 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
A man holds the new iPhone models in Munich.
(Photo: Peter Kneffel, AFP/Getty Images)
353 CONNECT 73 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 29 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES — Apple sold a record 10 million new iPhones over launch weekend, 1 million more than the previous record of 9 million iPhones last year.
Now what?
How do you get your hands on the iconic device? You'll have to wait for Apple to catch up to the record demand. And that could take some time, at least a month.
Spot checks of Apple stores nationally showed extremely limited availability of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6, and virtually none of the larger 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple says shipping time for the iPhone 6 is 7 to 10 business days, and 3 to 4 weeks for the 6 Plus.
The demand for the new iPhones was much greater than Apple expected, says Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray. Indeed, he believes Apple could have easily sold another 5 million iPhones over the weekend, had they been in stock.
Is Apple playing a PR game of sellouts to fuel demand for its products? Analysts don't believe it. "We believe they are at full production," says Richard Doherty, an analyst with the Envisioneering Group.
"No one has ever shipped 10 million of anything physical in three days," says Doherty. "Let alone a premium cutting edge product."
If you have to get the iPhone now, running from an Apple Store to big box retailers like Best Buy and Target, or individual carriers like T-Mobile and Verizon stores won't make them magically appear, says Tim Bajarin, an analyst with Creative Strategies.
"If you want one now, you should order it online and wait for delivery," he says. "That's pretty much your only option."
If waiting is not an option, there's always online auction markets at eBay and elsewhere, where prices can prove greatly inflated if you're not careful.
Munster believes retail stores won't be fully stocked with iPhones for 3-4 weeks.
Munster projects that Apple will catch up to demand, and eventually sell as many as 65 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models by the end of the year, a huge jump over the 43 million iPhone 5s and 5c models it sold from September launch through the end of 2013.
Why has there been such a huge response to the new iPhones?
"It's the bigger screen," says Bajarin. "The pent-up demand for the larger screen has been so strong."
Apple rival Samsung first popularized larger screen phones with its Galaxy line. Its current flagship Galaxy S5 has a 5.1-inch screen.
Indeed, overall the Android operating system dominates in market share. But in the U.S., the iPhone is the No. 1 device, with 41.9% market share, compared to 27.8% for runner-up Samsung and its Galaxy line, comScore data show.
"It's ironic," says Bajarin. "Samsung blazed the trail for larger screens, but Apple came in and mopped up the profit."
Finally, if waiting is not an option, there's always online auction markets at eBay and elsewhere, where prices can prove greatly inflated if you're not careful.
CHART: APPLE SELLS MORE IPHONES EACH YEAR
From launch date through end of the year
2014: iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. 65 million (projection)
2013:  iPhone 5s and 5c. 43 million
2012: iPhone 5. 40 million
2011: iPhone 4s. 30 million
2010: iPhone 4. 15 million
353 CONNECT 73 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 29 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uDGaYT

Three people  including gunman  killed in shooting at UPS facility in AlabamaBy Mark Berman September 23 Follow @markberman
Police said three people were killed, including the gunman, in a shooting at a UPS facility in Birmingham, Ala. (Reuters)
A gunman opened fire inside a UPS facility in Birmingham, Ala., on Tuesday morning, killing two people before taking his own life, officials said.
This gunman had recently been fired, police said . He was “still wearing his UPS uniform” at the time of the shooting, A.C. Roper, chief of the Birmingham Police Department, said in a morning news conference.
Authorities were called to the scene shortly after 9:20 a.m. (local time) to respond to multiple calls regarding an active shooter at the building, Roper said. By the time they arrived, the shooting was over.
Police found the body of the gunman along with the bodies of two other victims, Roper said.
“When these people came into work today, they had no idea this would be their last day on Earth,” he said. “No one was doing anything risky. They were just people working at their job.”
While it is too early in the investigation to comment on a possible motivation, authorities “have a pretty good idea” about what happened, Roper e said.
No other people were hurt, he said.
UPS shooting sceñe pic.twitter.com/bzgzGVLhZ5
— carol robinson (@RobinsonCarol) September 23, 2014
UPS confirmed that the shooting involved two UPS employees and someone who had recently been fired.
“The safety of our employees is our primary focus, and UPS is cooperating fully with law enforcement,” the company said in a statement.
Some employees ran out of the building during the shooting, which left many of them deeply shaken, Roper said.
Roper said that police would not release the identities of the victims or the gunman until their families were notified.
This post has been updated with the details about the gunman recently being fired. First published: 11:58 a.m. Last updated: 3:11 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Google tries to get more women onlineGoogle tries to get more women online
Business Standard |  Sep 23, 2014 09:38 PM IST
Google India announced a new social campaign called #ReachForTheSky, in association with MARD initiative. The joint campaign will look to build support from existing Internet users and encourage more women to learn and use the Internet to excel in their lives.
Rajan Anandan, vice-president & managing director, says, "India is on its way to become the second-largest Internet population in the world but usage of Internet amongst women is lower than most countries in the world. There are 616 million women in India. Close to half of the women are below 25 years. Empowering young women with information and Internet-related tools could transform India's future. For the first time, women Internet-users growth rate in urban India has exceeded men in the last one year."
Sandeep Menon, head of marketing, Google India, says, "Our mission is to help bring 50 million women online. In the last nine months, we have reached over 1 million women across five states, covering 30 cities and 55 small towns. We have imparted basic training to over 45,000 girl students and over 5,000 teachers. We have the HWGO Internet Cart, a mobile way of reaching women in villages who find it difficult to travel for our sessions and will roll it in more states." MARD drives the youth to think of women as equal and to think of girls as equal, with a very simple charter that is in the form of a poem that can be accessed online and shared with schools, colleges and friends.

SCs encounter rule: FIR  probemustPrint
The court said that the probe report shall be forwarded to the court concerned so that a magisterial inquiry is carried out. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:13 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 10:16 pm
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that henceforth all encounter killings by police will be thoroughly investigated after registration of FIRs to “bring to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands”.
Issuing detailed guidelines, the court held an “independent investigation into the encounter shall be conducted by the CID or police team of another police station under the supervision of a senior officer — at least a level above the head of the police party engaged in the encounter”.
“We are of the view that it would be useful and effective to structure appropriate guidelines to restore faith of the people in police force. In a society governed by rule of law, it is imperative that extra-judicial killings are properly and independently investigated so that justice may be done,” said a bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha.
The probe report shall be forwarded to the court concerned so that a magisterial inquiry is carried out and a final report, in the form of a chargesheet or a closure report, is presented, it said.
“No out-of-turn promotion or instant gallantry rewards shall be bestowed on the concerned officers soon after the occurrence. It must be ensured at all costs that such rewards are given or recommended only when the gallantry of the concerned officers is established beyond doubt,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman.
The bench said, “The killings in police encounters affect the credibility of the rule of law and the administration of the criminal justice system. It is the constitutional duty of this court to put in place certain guidelines adherence to which would help in bringing to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands.”
It said that if an incriminating chargesheet is filed against the police officers, the trial must be concluded expeditiously, apart from initiating disciplinary action against such officers and placing them under suspension.
The bench said the trial court shall grant compensation to the dependants of the encounter victim under Section 357-A of the IPC. The relatives of a victim can also approach a sessions court if the authorities fail to comply with the Supreme Court directives on either starting a probe or conducting it impartially.
The court said that if a police officer was found to be prima facie accused of an offence, he or she will surrender his or her weapons and any other material, subject to the rights against self-incrimination. An intimation about the incident, the court said, must also be sent to the police officer’s family and legal assistance should also be provided if asked for.
The court was hearing petitions by NGO People’s Union for Civil Liberties, which had raised the issue of genuineness or otherwise of nearly 99 encounters between the continued…

For Make in India  its Talk toAmericaPrint
The PM will also attend a reception hosted by the US-India Business Council. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:03 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 1:17 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has handpicked six top American CEOs — some of whom have been critical of India  in the past — for separate one-on-one meetings , in addition to a breakfast interaction with 11 other corporate heads.
Of the six CEOs, Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd C Blankfein and General Electric Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt have in the past expressed their frustration over the retrospective tax legislation and bureaucratic wrangles. The other CEOs who Modi will meet exclusively are Boeing Chairman and CEO W James McNerney Jr, BlackRock Chairman and CEO Laurence D Fink, and IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty. The head of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) is also expected to meet him.
Modi’s US visit , from September 26-30, is scheduled a day after he launches his ‘Make in India’ campaign here on Thursday. The campaign, to be launched at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi with cabinet ministers, secretaries and Indian CEOs in attendance, will also be aired across Indian embassies and high commissions abroad.
The breakfast meeting on September 29 is expected to be attended by Google Executive Chairman Eric E Schmidt, Carlyle Group Co-Founder and Co-CEO David M Rubenstein, Cargill President and CEO David W MacLennan, Merck & Co CEO Kenneth C Frazier, Hospira Chairman John C Staley, Citigroup CEO Michael L Corbat, Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Dough Oberhelman, MasterCard President and CEO Ajay Banga, and Pepsico Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi among others. Modi is scheduled to meet the other six CEOs individually on the same day.
The PM will also attend a reception hosted by the US-India Business Council on September 30, at which about 300 members of the business community are expected to be present. Sources said these engagements will be a follow-up to his ‘Make-in-India’ programme.
At his meetings with US President Barack Obama, Vice President Joseph Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel on September 29-30, Modi will raise the issue of increased trade and investment between the two countries. India will focus on issues of defence, maritime security, science and technology, and areas of cooperation in third countries. The PM is also slated to meet US Speaker John Boehner and leaders from both sides of the aisle.
Apart from these, his meeting with former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton is significant, with the latter being considered a possible presidential candidate. MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin pointed out that the PM is “forward-looking”, adding, “if you understand the drift” — seeming to hint at Hillary’s future plans.
A total of 35 engagements have been planned during Modi’s stay in New York and Washington DC. On September 27,  Modi is scheduled to visit the 9/11 memorial in New York, after which he is set to go to the United Nations headquarters to address the 69th annual session continued…

Congress ready with list of candidates  likely to releasetomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:39 pm
Congress is said to have prepared the list of most of its candidates for Maharashtra Assembly polls which could be out tomorrow amid expectations that the seat sharing arrangement with its 15-year old NCP would be clinched soon.
Party sources also indicated that there was a view that kins of senior leaders should not be fielded and two tickets from a family should not be given barring exceptional circumstances.
It can be possible only both of the candidates are already sitting MLAs and in a winning condition or there is an exceptional scenario, where somebody has a sure shot chance of winning the seat minus any other credible alternative.
The talk in Congress circles was that several senior leaders were keen to give tickets to their kith and kin, including former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan, who was looking to field his wife Amita from Nanded, Congress Campaign Committee chief Narayan Rane was looking for a ticket for his son Nitesh from Konkan while PCC chief Manikrao Thakre wants his son Rahul to be given a ticket from Yavatmal.
Others seeking a ticket to their kith and kin include Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat, who wants a ticket for one of his nephews from Ahmednagar, while Transport minister Madhukar Chavan wants his son to replace him as the party candidate from Tuljapur and Shivajirao Deshmukh wants his son to contest from Shirala.
AICC sources indicated that while one of the family members could be considered for a ticket, the leadership is not warm to the idea of multiple members of a family contesting as it demoralises loyal workers.
A senior party functionary speaking on the condition of anonymity said that since the inauspicious Shradh Paksha ends by tomorrow noon, the time by which the seat dispute between Congress is also likely to be resolved after meetings in Maharasthra, the first list carrying most of the candidates’ name could be out by the evening.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nominations.
“After all candidates have to be given at least a day or two to prepare for filing nominations. So we have to declare all our candidates latest by September 25,” the functionary said.
Indications of the alliance having been salvaged emerged today after meetings with Congress and NCP leaders.
Asserting that it would not be responsible for any break up of alliance with NCP, PCC chief Manikrao Thakre in Maharashtra today asked the Sharad Pawar-led party to show flexibility and accept the seat-sharing proposal mooted by it.
Congress and NCP leaders held an unscheduled meeting this morning there and exchanged their respective proposals with regard to distribution of seats ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls.
“Discussions with NCP are on and a final decision will be announced soon,” Chief Minister continued…

The cotton blow to farmersUpdated: September 23, 2014 22:10 IST
The cotton blow to farmers
S. Harpal Singh
THE HINDU Cotton farmers with their produce at the Agriculture Market Yard in Adilabad. A File Photo.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
With 40 suicides in 100 days, there is an urgent need for farmers to focus on other crops. The scale of finance for cotton is Rs. 24,000 per acre for un-irrigated crop while for red gram, black gram and green gram it is Rs. 11,000, Rs. 9,500 and Rs. 9,750 per acre.
Adilabad seems to be holding onto to its position among the top ranking districts in the country in terms of cotton farmer suicides what with 40 crisis tormented farmers ending lives within a span of 100 days, starting June 24 this year.
The three lakh small and marginal farmers with dry land holdings between two and five acres in this district, depend upon agricultural borrowings for personal and family expenditure in the absence of even subsistence income from agriculture operations.
“One of the ways to ease the agrarian crisis is to wean them away from cotton by enhancing the scale of finance for other crops,” suggests B. Goverdhan Reddy, farmer leader and secretary in the State unit of Telangana Rashtra Samiti. “Cultivation of food crops on a commercial scale, for example, can be a viable alternative,” he adds.
The scale of finance for cotton is Rs. 24,000 per acre for un-irrigated crop while for red gram, black gram and green gram it is Rs. 11,000, Rs. 9,500 and Rs. 9,750 per acre. “The cost of production of cotton is a minimum of Rs. 20,000 per acre and the same for pulses is about Rs. 8,000,” says retired Assistant Director of Agriculture C. Narsingu.
“If the cultivation of the latter is improved by using modern methods, the yields can be increased to 5 to 6 quintals per acre which will almost be on a par with cotton and the economics will work out fine for the farmers. The pulses command a price of Rs. 4,500 per quintal while cotton is likely to fetch a price of around Rs. 4,000 per quintal,” he points out. Facing Combating the cotton blow
The scale of finance is fixed every year by the District Level Technical Committee (DLTC) based on the cost of production and the minimum support price of a given variety of produce. “The DLTC can instead take into consideration the chances of repayment before deciding upon, or to enhance the scale of finance for crops,” Mr. Reddy opines.
* Adilabad district has around 3 lakh small and marginal farmers and 80 per cent of cultivate cotton.
* The income graph of almost all the small and marginal farmers is perennially in the negative.
* There were 40 suicides of cotton farmers since June 24 and 75 since January this year besides the 64 in the second half of 2013.
*Borrowings from banks and private sources materialise in June-July every year and a good portion of the money is spent on consumption.
*Scale of finance from banks for cotton is Rs. 24,000 per acre for un-irrigated crop while that for redgram, blackgram and greengram is Rs. 11,000, Rs. 9,500 and Rs. 9,750 per acre.
*Cost of production for cotton is Rs. 20,000 per acre and that for pulses is about Rs. 8,000 per acre.
* The average yield of cotton in dry lands is about 6 quintals and that of the pulses is about 4 quintals.
*Minimum support price for cotton is Rs. 4,050 and pulses command a market price of Rs. 4,500 per quintal on an average.

Delhi government to take strict action against littering from October 2Sep 23, 2014 at 09:55pm IST
Delhi government to take strict action against littering from October 2
20
0
New Delhi: In keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of clean India, Delhi government will take action against people who are found littering and also impound vehicles parked illegally as part of its 'Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan' which will kick start from October 2.
"Strict action will be taken against the people littering the area by the Municipal Magistrate. Also, vehicles which are found parked illegally on roadsides and footpath will be impounded," said a Delhi government official.
A cleanliness awareness campaign will also be initiated as a part of the drive which will continue till October 23.
A cleanliness awareness campaign will also be initiated as a part of the drive which will continue till October 23.
#october 2 #narendra modi #swachchha bharat abhiyan
"The cleanliness drive should inspire all agencies to keep the city clean round the year, it is our duty to our fellow citizens," said Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, who held a meeting on Tuesday to discuss the arrangements for the same.
The idea is also to involve the citizens, including members of RWAs, traders associations, market associations, industrial associations, youth, school children in the drive.
"Citizens should come forward and participate wholeheartedly in helping us keep the city clean," Jung said.
Commissioners of the corporations briefed Jung about the steps being taken as part of the sanitation drive. The drive will also cover industrial areas and it is estimated that more than 600 trucks of rubble and garbage lying there will be removed during this period.
Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has been asked to make special efforts to clear garbage and rubble from its vacant plots, which are more than 1,000 in number.
It was also asked to pay particular attention to biodiversity and other parks maintained by it.
There will be special emphasise on repair and renovation of toilets, providing sewer and water connection and construction of new toilets, specially for women, said the official.
10

BMO Harris online  mobile banking working againCustomers are ticked off over BMO Harris Web outage
Online, mobile banking back up at BMO Harris
Online and mobile banking at BMO Harris, which had been down since Monday because of  “an internal technical glitch,” were functioning again by midday Tuesday, the bank said.
"We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience, and we thank them for their patience,” said Patrick O’Herlihy, a spokesman for BMO Harris Bank. "We will continue to monitor our systems."
cComments
This was no Technical Glitch. This was the alarming news that came out on Friday regarding the 24BILLION lawsuite filed against BMO...Innnocent or guilty - they didn't want their customers transferring out! IF - there had not been that News Article - then, yes, I would have accepted that...
laurencohen

Brace for flood of Alibaba stockBrace yourself for flood of Alibaba stock
By: Matt Krantz September 22, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
If it seemed like there weren’t enough Alibaba (BABA) shares to go around Friday, that could soon change. Expect more shares to come available as insiders are cleared to sell additional shares.
Just 91 days after the Chinese e-commerce company’s initial public offering, swaths of shares begin to be freed up to be sold. That’s when the first “lock-up” period expires on Dec. 19, 2014, essentially opening up 8.1 million shares held by insiders and investors to be sold. This is a notable amount of stock to be released, accounting for 2.5% of the number of shares sold in the offering and 0.3% of total shares outstanding.
But that’s just the beginning, with two much larger lock-up periods expiring, potentially unleashing a wave of new stock for the market to digest.
Source: Alibaba prospectus, USA TODAY research via Microsoft Excel
Officers and investors in newly public companies often agree to so-called lock-up periods. These lock-up periods are designed to comfort early investors in IPOs who fear holders of the stock might dump their shares right after the deal, pressuring the price. Lock-up periods meter — or slow down — the release of shares to reduce that concern of a sudden oversupply of stock, thus making it easier to sell IPO shares.
Lock-up expiration dates are closely watched by investors in initial public offerings as they can create turbulence by increasing the supply of shares, sometimes in dramatic fashion. Facebook (FB) shares struggled, for instance following the company’s 2012 IPO, as lock-up periods expired allowing new shares to hit the market.
Another bigger lock-up at Alibaba comes off 181 days after the IPO date, or March 18, 2015. That’s when 429 million shares are available for sale in the public market, which is more than the 320 million shares the company sold in the IPO and about 17% of the shares outstanding.
But the biggest lock-up expiration date comes 366 days after the IPO, or Sept. 20, 2015, when 1.6 billion shares are allowed to be sold. That is 64% of the shares outstanding.
Demand for the Alibaba shares appears strong enough now to withstand these big amounts of stock to hit the market. Shares of the stock jumped 38% on the first day of trading, an impressive gain given the size of the deal. But with shares trading at more than $93 a share, which is near or above many analysts’ targets , it’s not the easy sell it was at the $68 a share IPO price.
15911333

Prime Minister to share ideas through radio programmeSep 23, 2014 at 10:50pm IST
Prime Minister to share ideas through radio programme
13
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will connect with people via a radio programme that will be held on October 3 on the Vijaya Dashmi day.
"Received many ideas and suggestions for my forthcoming radio programme. Have decided to hold the first programme on 3rd October at 11:00 AM," Modi said in a post on social networking site 'twitter'.
In another tweet in Hindi, Modi said "3 October ko aap sabhi se radio par kuch man ki baatein karunga" (On 3rd October, I will share some of my thoughts with all of you). The programme is expected to be broadcast by All India Radio.
The Prime Minister is also expected to share his thoughts on a variety of issues during the upcoming radio programme.
#narendra modi #india #radio #vijaya dashmi
The radio programme comes days after the Prime Minister's address on the Teacher's day was telecast across the country. On September 17, after two busy and eventful days in Gujarat, the Prime Minister had spent over an hour personally replying to people who greeted him on his birthday.
The Prime Minister is also expected to share his thoughts on a variety of issues during the upcoming radio programme.
"A separate Open Forum has been created on MyGov for citizens to share their comments for the forthcoming radio programme. Citizens should share ideas and best practices on development, good governance and other issues. The Prime Minister would refer to the Open Forum before the programme and may even refer to some of the points made on the Forum," the statement added.
On September 6, 2014 the Prime Minister had talked about connecting with people through radio and sought ideas. Officials said the Prime Minister's speech on September 25 at the programme to launch the ambitious 'Make-in-India' campaign will also be widely watched.
3

Americas most iconic beer brands are getting bought by foreign investors. So whatBy Drew Harwell September 23 Follow @drewharwell
Soon, none of these will be fully owned by American-based companies. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
American beer is in the midst of a global identity crisis. Domestic sales of light beer fell again last year, while imported lagers, spirits and wines climbed. The biggest beer brands in the United States — think Budweiser, Miller and Coors — are now owned, respectively, by people in Belgium, England and Canada. The nation’s two most popular American-owned beer brands? Corona and Modelo. Both are brewed in Mexico.
Now comes a new bombshell for flag-waving American beer drinkers: Pabst Brewing, owner of some of the most well-loved, all-American, blue-collar brews in the country, will soon be  bought  by a Cyprus-based beverage conglomerate that calls itself the biggest independent brewer in Russia. The iconic brand behind Pabst Blue Ribbon, the red-white-and-blue-canned lager founded in Milwaukee before the Civil War, announced late last week that it will be bought by  Oasis Beverages , which runs breweries in Moscow, Kazakhstan and Ukraine.
Even in a country where beer ads are typically marked by stock cars, soldiers and patriotic horses , few breweries have American credentials as deep as Pabst’s. The largest private brewing company in North America, its beers include cheap malts such as Colt 45, Schlitz and Old Milwaukee, as well as regional favorites such as Lone Star (“ The National Beer of Texas ”), National Bohemian (a Baltimore classic from the “ Land of Pleasant Living “), Rainier (“ We Heart Seattle ”) and Old Style (“ Chicago’s Beer since 1902 .”)
Oasis has voiced no plans to change that. It will partner with TSG Consumer Partners, an American private-equity firm, to buy Pabst for about $700 million from billionaire food-industry investor C. Dean Metropoulos, who bought Pabst for $250 million in 2010. Oasis Chairman Eugene Kashper, a U.S. citizen who lives in New York and will become Pabst’s chief executive, said he will keep the company headquarters in Los Angeles.  In a statement , he extolled the brewer’s American virtue, calling Pabst Blue Ribbon “the quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great.”
But the announcement of Pabst’s sale to Oasis, which brews a bevy of Russian beers as well as soft drinks and juice, was quickly painted as an American betrayal.  Fans of PBR  unloaded on its Facebook page , with one critic pledging to dump all of what he called “the new Communist beer” down the drain. Drinkamerican.us , a blog that ridiculed the foreign-owned Budweiser and celebrated Pabst’s American heritage, was replaced, briefly, on Monday with a large four-letter word.
“I was actually surprised at how frustrated I was . . .  that an American icon was even considering something like this,” said David Lauterbach, the New Yorker who started the Drinkamerican blog after Anheuser-Busch’s sale to foreign buyers in 2008. “That a red, white and blue beer can that so long had symbolized America would consider essentially selling out.”
Pabst executives have gone on the defensive, issuing a statement poking holes in media reports touting a Russian takeover and saying, “Our new colleagues will remain vigilant in staying true to the brand’s identity.” Publicly, Pabst has doubled down on its American roots, posing a can of PBR like Gen. George S. Patton in a flag-draped tweet saying, “Pabst will remain American owned and operated.”
There are a lot of rumors about us out there right now . . . This is the real story—> http://t.co/N1NEFIJjWR via @nypost pic.twitter.com/JsFLu4AHnk
— Pabst Blue Ribbon (@PabstBlueRibbon) September 23, 2014
The brewer’s purchase, though, is only the latest drop in the long-swirling sea of the nation’s hyper-globalized beer industry. Miller Brewing became SABMiller when it was bought in 2002 by South African Breweries. Coors merged with Canada beer giant Molson in 2005. In 2008, Anheuser-Busch, the St. Louis-based maker of Budweiser that had run ads poking fun at Miller’s international roots, was bought by InBev, a Belgian-Brazilian beer conglomerate.
The all-American small-brewer business model that Pabst rode to mainstream glory has changed dramatically, and the alcohol business, once so heritage-driven, has become knotted in a tangle of globe-trotting mergers and mega-deals. Anheuser-Busch Inbev, the world’s largest beer maker, wants to buy SABMiller, the second-biggest . SABMiller made an offer to buy the Dutch brewer Heineken — also the second-largest brewer in Mexico, where it brews Dos Equis and Tecate — but the deal was shot down.
And it’s not just beer. Beam Inc., the parent of classic Kentucky bourbons Jim Beam and Maker’s Mark, was bought in January for $16 billion by Suntory Holdings, the Japanese whiskey giant Bill Murray’s character shilled for in “Lost in Translation.” A Beam spokesman said then , “We operate in a global economy, and the fact is, international ownership is relatively common among successful Kentucky distilleries and bourbon brands.” (It’s true: Another big distillery, Wild Turkey, is owned by Gruppo Campari, maker of SKYY Vodka and Italian liqueur.)
There are online communities and  detailed guides  on how to find out whether a beer is American-made. And drinkers can still buy beers from big American brewers such as Yuengling, based in Pennsylvania, and Samuel Adams, from Massachusetts’ Boston Beer Company. But American beer drinkers today boast “increasingly global palates,” analysts at Euromonitor International said, and that’s leading them to turn away from light Americana domestics such as Old Style, once advertised as “pure brewed in God’s country.”
Pabst Blue Ribbon has surged among the hipster set, and sales have doubled since 2004, but the broader Pabst brand is still weak in sales. Last year was Pabst’s slowest for beer shipments in at least a decade, according to data from Beer Marketer’s Insights.  Constellation Brands , the New York alcohol giant and parent of Mexican cervezas such as Corona, Pacifico and Modelo, saw shipments more than triple over the same time period. Mexican beers, as Euromonitor analysts wrote, “have an aura of vacation and relaxation that appeals to many US consumers.”
Pabst’s losses are tied to the larger trend of light domestic lagers losing ground to wines and spirits. Even darker brews are looking better: Americans drank more than 1 billion liters of dark beer last year, making it the nation’s fastest-growing type of alcohol. U.S. drinkers also are opting against buying from big brewers and instead turning to a growing flood of craft breweries. The country had 2,822 running breweries last year, up 39 percent from 2011, and more than 1,000 new craft breweries are in planning nationwide.
The United States is far from losing its status as a brewing heavyweight: About 85 percent of the lager Americans drank last year was made in the United States. (For brewers, that’s less a patriotic strategy than a logistical one: Americans drink more lager than nearly every other country, so brewing it here helps keep shipping costs low.) Not many consumer favorites can boast such a high made-in-America share. So why do some drinkers show such a feeling of loss when an American brand extends overseas?
“I buy an iPhone even though it’s made in China, but it’s designed in California. I buy Fords even though the parts are made globally but still assembled in the U.S. But there’s just this historic, iconic value to a can of beer,” said Lauterbach, the Drinkamerican blogger. “All these old brands my father used to drink, they’re burnt into my head, back to this time when this was the American way. They hung in with us in for a couple generations, and then it gets to my generation, and I feel like — what happened?”
Analysts don’t expect the new owners to change too much about the Pabst’s golden brand. Like Pabst, Oasis has specialized in developing brands tied to city heritage, and its beers command big market share in Moscow and Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan. Instead, they are likely to try to make more money off Pabst’s strengths: its cool factor, its roots and the public perception it’s still linked to the tiny craft breweries it long left behind.
“Pabst has got a history, it’s got a heritage, it has a vintage factor,” said Amin Alkhatib, an alcoholic beverages industry analyst for Euromonitor in London. “They’re not going to change the brand, what it stands for. . . . They’re going to push to increase market share, take on those craft-beer [profit] margins and add a premium factor to the brand.”
But will Pabst weather the worries about foreign tinkering with an American classic? Benj Steinman, president of the trade publication Beer Marketer’s Insights, said it’s just a matter of time. When the Miller and Busch brewers were bought, “there was a lot more noise than impact at the time. And I’m sure the Pabst folks hope it’s the same case this time,” Steinman said.
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

President Obama Talks to Clinton Global InitiativeSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

David Lay Williams and Brad Mapes-Martindavid lay williams and brad mapes-martin
Iconic Philips splits off lightingIconic Philips splits off lighting
Open bidding is the best option for coal block allocation‘Open bidding is the best option for coal block allocation’
Our Bureau
No break in coal supplies to power firms, says Minister
New Delhi, September 23:  
With the Supreme Court final verdict on coal blocks allocation expected anytime soon, pressure is mounting on the Ministry for Coal to have alternative plans ready to ensure continued fuel supplies in case of de-allocation.
The Ministry was recently asked by the Prime Minister’s office to spell out the ‘Plan B’ in case the verdict de-allocates the 218 coal blocks given between 1993 and 2010. Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has been maintaining that his Ministry will wait for the verdict and then take measures to ensure uninterrupted supplies.
He had told BusinessLine that his Ministry will take quick decisions.
According to officials in the Coal Ministry, there are two the legal options available to them in the worst case scenario (de-allocation) – acquisition of unworked land of coal producing blocks or takeover of entire assets and hand them over to a Government appointed custodian.
Those associated with the developments said that open bidding was the best option available for future block allocations. The Ministry will need to work out on the nitty-gritty of the design of the contracts. Some also refer to the Parakh panel recommendations which endorsed open bidding.
Meanwhile, at an event here Syedain Abbasi, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Steel, said the time of direct allocation of coal blocks is over.
Abbasi said, “We now need to debate whether or not to allow merchant mining in the case of coal while allocating the blocks and probably should not tie up the end use.”
“There is definitely a significant amount of reform required in the sector,” he added.
Naveen Jindal , Chairman, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, said that private participation in coal mining should be encouraged.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Centre to discuss new textile policy with States on WednesdayCentre to discuss new textile policy with States on Wednesday
Our Bureau
State textiles ministers meet to focus on labour laws, employment
New Delhi, September 23:  
Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Textiles Santosh Gangwar will discuss the provisions of the proposed New Textile Policy such as introducing flexible labour laws and setting up integrated textile parks with States in an annual conference of State textiles ministers on Wednesday.
States will give their views on the proposals of a draft report on the New Textile Policy prepared by an expert committee which has already been circulated to them.
“Getting State Governments’ views on labour reforms is important as a number of important changes have been proposed in the textiles sector,” a Government official told BusinessLine.
The proposed reforms include removing restrictions on women working in night shifts, allowing fixed term employment and revising overtime work hours. The Centre has also proposed keeping units employing up to 500 people outside the ambit of the Industrial Disputes Act so that they don’t have the responsibility of providing employment to workers in case a unit winds up.
The proposed policy also suggests giving a blanket exemption to export oriented units to allow contractual labour without any restriction.
Gangwar is also expected to discuss the proposal of partnering with States for reengineering of existing schemes and policies such as the integrated textile parks, Technology Upgradation Fund Schemes and Integrated Processing Development Scheme.
“The State Ministers will also be asked to emphasise on ways to generate productive employment opportunity for the youth through the textile sector. Stress would be laid on inclusive and participative growth, developing skill, scale and speed, targeting zero defect and promoting ‘Make in India’ brand,” an official release said.
Textiles exports contribute more than 13 per cent to the country’s total exports.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Subir Roy: Secular arithmetic goes against BJPSubir Roy: Secular arithmetic goes against BJP
Subir Roy |  Sep 23, 2014 09:44 PM IST
The severe setback that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has suffered in by-elections to over half a dozen state assemblies (it made a single gain each in West Bengal and Assam) between three and five months after a dramatic victory in the general elections calls for intensive decoding. Done correctly, this can yield valuable insights into how the mind of the Indian electorate is working today.
First, there has been no major setback for the BJP, now at the helm of national affairs, in the last few months. So the results cannot be a backlash against something that had taken place. On the contrary, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's connection with the electorate, apparent from the reception to his Independence Day and Teachers' Day speeches, seems to be quite intact. True, inflation, which always moves voters, is still running unconscionably high. But it is doubtful if people have formed a final verdict on the BJP government's ability to tackle it in less than six months and are meting out punishment for it.
BJP leaders have sought to distance Mr Modi from the defeats by pointing out that he did not personally campaign and asserted that his personal popularity remains intact. In fact, after the verdicts came, party men have themselves pointed to the poor state of the party in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh (UP) in particular, demotivated by infighting and disaffection over distribution of tickets. The point is that it cannot be a very good omen for the future of the party if it sinks without hand-holding from Mr Modi, particularly when it has already pushed itself into the background while projecting him as the prime ministerial candidate.
So what went wrong for the BJP - or what did the opposition get right? In Bihar and UP it is arithmetic. The BJP swept UP and Bihar in the parliamentary elections in good part because of multi-cornered contests splitting voters. Seeing this, sworn enemies Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar joined forces in Bihar, to the accompaniment of mild ridicule not just from the BJP but the media, too. Surely, the voter would see through this marriage of convenience. The voter saw it and loved it. The popular vote of the Janata Dal (United)-Rashtriya Janata Dal-Congress combine ratcheted up 4.6 per cent and that of the BJP fell sharply by eight per cent! A similar phenomenon was seen in UP where Mayawati kept her Bahujan Samaj Party, which had secured 19.6 per cent of the popular vote in the Lok Sabha elections, out of the by-elections. Thus, a good part of the Dalit vote went by default to the Samajwadi party. A similar polarisation and consolidation in favour of the Congress took place in Rajasthan and Gujarat.
There is an even greater and, in fact, historic significance in the UP vote. Mr Modi's lieutenant, Amit Shah, had relocated to UP from before the parliamentary elections to oversee the tone, tenor and management of the elections there. For the assembly by-elections, the BJP ran a brazenly communal and divisive campaign, making an enormous issue of "love jihad" and getting its member of Parliament Yogi Adityanath to deliver a string of hate speeches. The aim was to unite the traditionally splintered Hindu vote in favour of the BJP. And the voter slapped it in the face and gave the Samajwadi Party, discredited for its incompetent rule of UP, a massive leg-up.
The three general elections - 1998, 1999 and 2014 - in which the BJP has emerged upfront have seen an accretion to its popular base beyond a core section of upper-caste Hindus. Atal Bihari Vajpayee made it a broad-based, centrist party that underplayed the Hindutva agenda. For the parliamentary elections, Mr Modi concentrated on Congress misrule and promised development. Emboldened by the victory, Mr Modi and the BJP went ahead flying the Hindutva jhanda high for the assembly by-elections. And we have seen how the electorate has responded to this.
There are two major takeaways from the by-election results. One, a majority or Indians and Hindus have reasserted their secular credentials. So Mr Modi has had to shift course and certify the patriotism of Indian Muslims just before leaving for the United States, for the benefit of both the Indian and American audience.
The second, equally momentous, is the sure-footedness and quick response time of the Indian electorate. Having sent one signal in April, it decided to send a fresh corrective signal in July to September. What is more - and this is pure conjecture - the electorate may have realised that the BJP had secured a massive mandate by default, courtesy vote-splitting. So in the by-elections it went ahead and undid a part of the mandate. If it is presumptuous to read the mind of the Indian voter beyond a point - but even if we cannot - then she at least gets credit for being highly inscrutable.
subirkroy@gmail.com

Rise in Delhi circle rate dampens festive spiritRise in Delhi circle rate dampens festive spirit
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The Delhi government's recent decision to increase circle rates by 20 per cent is likely to affect the property market in the national capital as transactions are expected to come down.
When a buyer registers his property, the price cannot be less that of the circle rate.
Experts say the decision will also push demand to the national capital region (NCR), especially Noida, Greater Noida and Indirapuram. “Since there are very few new project launches in Delhi, demand will be seen more on the NCR side, adversely impacting the chances of a revival in the Delhi real estate market,” said a Delhi-based broker.
According to data by the National Housing Bank, real estate prices in Delhi have dipped only 1.5 per cent in the past year. However, unofficially, many say prices are down 10-15 per cent in key markets, while in some areas in Delhi, prices have remained stable. Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director of CBRE South Asia, said: “The move of increasing circle rates by 20 per cent across the board will have an impact on home-buying decisions in the capital. With the housing market already going through a slowdown, this announcement coming just before the festive season is likely to further dampen the investor sentiment.” Also, in some markets such as Friends Colony, Chittaranjan Park and Maharani Bagh, the circle rates are now higher than the current market rates.
“There is discrepancy in circle rates; one needs to take into account the market rates before deciding. The realty market is going through a slowdown phase and at such a time, increasing circle rates is not a good idea,” said another broker. Realtors have been banking on the festival season for a revival in the sector. Besides, sentiments improved after the new government came into power at the Centre, signalling more sales for developers.
The new circle rates came into effect from Tuesday. For instance, in category-A colonies such as Greater Kailash, Defence Colony, Gulmohar Park, Golf Links, the circle rate has increased to Rs 7.74 lakh a sq m from Rs 6.45 lakh a sq m earlier. In category-B such as Andrews Ganj, Kalkaji, Munirka Vihar and Nehru Enclave, circle rates have risen to Rs 2.45 lakh a sq m from Rs 2.04 lakh a sq m.

India to be partner country at Hannover FairNEW DELHI, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 19:52 IST
India to be partner country at Hannover Fair
Sandeep Dikshit
trade agreements
The likelihood of Prime Minister Narendra Modi attending the Hannover Fair is high.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to visit Germany in early April after the government inked an agreement on India’s participation as the partner country of the Hannover Messe (Fair) 2015.
The likelihood of Mr Modi attending the Hannover Fair is high since the head of the government of the partner country is invited by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
India was the partner country for the fair in 2006, during the early years of the United Progressive Alliance Government, and several major deals were finalised including joint ventures between Mann Age and Force Motors, Deutsche Bann and Indian Railways. The then Prime Minister Manmnohan Singh had visited Germany and attended the fair along with Ms. Merkel.
Germany is among the world’s top export engines and one of India’s largest trading partners. “I am very happy that India will have a first-class opportunity to show to the world that its economy is on the move again,’’ observed German Ambassador Michael Steiner.
``India’s participation at the Hannover Fair is timely as it would advance the campaign of the new government for making India the hub of global manufacturing,” said Engineering Exports Promotion Council chief Anupam Shah.
About 300 Indian engineering companies including public sector giants will participate in the five-day fair.

Lamborghini Huracan launched in India at Rs. 3.43 croreUpdated: November 1, 2014 18:17 IST
Lamborghini Huracan launched in India at Rs. 3.43 crore
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu The Lamborghini Huracan boasts of a naturally aspirated V10 engine with 5.2 litre displacement, which allows it to accelerate from 0-100 kilometres per hour (kmph) in 3.2 seconds and touch a maximum speed of 325 kmph. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
luxury cars
For the first time, Lamborghini will be introducing the 7-speed dual clutch transmission and an all-wheel drive that also features a new hydraulic multi-plate clutch.
Automobili Lamborghini, a leading player in the luxury super sports car segment, launched the all-new Huracan in India on Monday. Priced at a whopping Rs 3.43 crore (ex-showroom Delhi), the Huracan LP 610-4 replaces the Italian sports car major’s earlier successful model, the Gallardo.
The Huracan LP made its global debut at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show in March 2014.
The Huracan boasts of a naturally aspirated V10 engine with 5.2 litre displacement. This allows it to accelerate from 0-100 kilometres per hour (kmph) in a jaw-dropping 3.2 seconds and touch a maximum speed of 325 kmph.
Addressing media, Sebastien Henry, Head South East Asia and Pacific, Lamborghini, said the car could go from 0-200 kmph in 9.9 seconds. `` The Huracan boasts of a new chassis of aluminum and carbon fibre, which makes it lighter than the Gallardo at 1,422 kilograms. We believe in using cutting edge technology and materials in all our cars and invest 20 per cent of our turnover in research & development (R&D) – much higher than other car manufacturers.’’
For the first time, Lamborghini will be introducing the 7-speed dual clutch transmission and an all-wheel drive that also features a new hydraulic multi-plate clutch. Three driving modes are available from road to race track and these can be selected using a switch on the steering wheel. The system has been named ANIMA (Italian for soul) – Adaptive Network Intelligent Management.
Lamborghini has two exclusive showrooms in Delhi and Mumbai that have been accepting booking for the Huracan since January 2014.
Pavan Shetty, Operations Head, Lamborghini India said the company, in response to demand will be opening one more in south India by year-end, most likely in Bangalore. ``We have been in India since 2001 and have almost 100 cars on the road,’’ he said.
Lamborghini India sold 17 units in 2012 and 22 units in 2013.

Spacecraft Paves Way for Future Mars MissionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Can Mustang win the worldCan the Ford Mustang win the world?
By  Dan Carney
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
"I. Don't. Do. Ugly." That is the mantra of Dave Pericak, chief engineer for the new Ford Mustang. It may seem like a philosophy befitting a stylist rather than someone who measures mid-corner tire loads.
Related
Ford Mustang, 50 years later
In real terms, Pericak is referring to things such as a convertible top that folds flush with the top edge of the back seat, rather than angling upward at an ungainly cant, as in the case of the old Mustang. "Ugly," Pericak says flatly.
This also applies to details such as the convertible top's resting place, which deftly hides the mechanical works from view. This was born of Pericak's insistence on de-uglying Ford’s long-running – if not always galloping – pony car in this, its 50th anniversary year.
Did he and Ford’s global team of stylists and tinkerers succeed? Almost.
Through an engineer's  safety goggles, the 2015 is the greatest pony car in the Mustang’s half-century history. Compared to the 2014 model, the frame is 28% more rigid, the independent rear suspension and dual ball joint front suspension are more sophisticated and the engines are more powerful and efficient than ever before.
This is partly thanks to Ford's strategy, hatched under recently departed chief executive Alan R Mulally, to sell the same cars globally. So the 2015 model is the first Mustang designed with international markets, and not just North America, in mind. That meant accommodating right-hand drive , as well as multiple standards for collision resistance, fuel efficiency and fit and finish.
Naturally, the signature 5-litre V8 engine featured on GT models is the standard-bearer, producing 435 horsepower and driving the rear wheels through either a six-speed manual or six-speed automatic transmission. Befitting an engine known simply to its admirers as the 5.0, the power plant is superb. And for GT customers, the car’s on-board computer is a co-conspirator, packing a line-lock feature that lets drivers freeze the Mustang’s front brakes to hold the car still during rear-wheel burnouts. The Mustang’s base engine, a 300hp 3.5-litre V6, carries over little changed from the outgoing car.
Far more notable is an enigmatic newcomer: the turbocharged 2.3-litre EcoBoost four-cylinder engine. On paper, the power plant delivers, with 310hp and 320lb-ft torque. Perhaps most importantly, the US EPA rates this engine at 32mpg in highway driving with the automatic transmission, which will be the specification of interest to drivers who want pony car kicks without the pony car petrol premium.
Again, on paper, it should be good. On the road? It’s complicated. The engine genuinely delivers the power characteristics drivers want, pulling with authority from astonishingly low revs. In sound and character, the EcoBoost 2.3 has the feel of a bigger Volkswagen Golf GTI engine. Turbo lag is perceptible, but it is so slight as to be irrelevant.
This is all good, if incongruous for a pony car. Mustangs are not expected to sound like hot Golfs around town, and drivers who would otherwise thrill to the EcoBoost's performance may reject the engine purely because of its uncharacteristic note during their test drive.
But they should drive farther, and harder, before making that call.
When pushed, the engine’s song develops into something not quite sonorous, but definitely exciting. This is a note even Mustang traditionalists could appreciate – but could they live with the sound the engine makes on the car’s trip to the slalom course?
Unsurprisingly, the manual transmission – despite sacrificing a couple mpgs to the automatic – works beautifully with the EcoBoost, with short, light throws and confidence-inspiring clutch feel. The manual gearbox happily abets any misbehaviour the driver might be considering.
The excellence of the automatic transmission with the EcoBoost engine may surprise, given automatics’ historical unsuitability to four-cylinder cars, as well as Ford's not-so-recent difficulties of properly programming its six-speeds. But the automatic, regardless of engine choice, clicks off perfectly timed shifts, and when the car's mode selector is switched to Sport or Track, it downshifts aggressively under braking and rev-matches the engine speed on gear changes. This feels and sounds fabulous, giving the car an effervescent, premium character rarely encountered among sub-$50,000 sports cars.
The drive modes – Normal, Sport, Sport Plus, Track and Snow – vary throttle response, automatic transmission shift schedules, shock absorber settings and power steering assist. While the differences among settings are clearly discernable, they are not so great as to render some unusable under normal driving conditions (though amid the chaparral-lined twists of southern California’s Angeles Crest Highway, the Snow setting didn’t get much use).
There is no question that the 2015 Mustang will resonate near and far. The slate of engines and leading-edge technology back up the racy lines, and should ensure a steady flow of buyers to showrooms – for the first year or two. That's when this Mustang's success will be determined. Ford will surely dole out specialty editions periodically, mining the car's history of Shelbys, Mach Is, Bullitts, Bosses , Cobras and other variations to kindle interest among enthusiasts.
But the hope is for non-enthusiast, mainstream drivers to buy Mustangs after the newness has worn off. And Ford has made no secret of its desire to capture young buyers who might otherwise consider a Scion FR-S or even a Golf GTI.
That is when Pericak's diktat will truly be tested. If such attention to detail creates converts for Ford, the Mustang will become something far more valuable than a racehorse; it will become a cash cow.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vital Stats
Base price: $24,425, inclusive of $825 destination charge
As tested: $37,755 (GT), $35,985 (EcoBoost)
EPA fuel economy: 15mpg city, 25mpg highway (GT); 21mpg city, 32mpg highway (EcoBoost)
Powertrain: 435hp, 400lb-ft 5-litre V8 engine, six-speed manual transmission (GT); 310hp, 320lb-ft turbocharged 2.3-litre four cylinder engine, six-speed automatic transmission (EcoBoost); rear-wheel drive
Standard equipment: High-intensity discharge headlights, sequential LED taillights, back-up camera, 17in aluminium wheels, power adjustable seats, keyless pushbutton start
Major options: Recaro leather seats, 20in aluminium wheels, 12-speaker Shaker Pro Audio system, blind spot warning, cross-traffic warning, forward collision warning, adaptive cruise control

Fake Business Twitter Accounts Start Your Day With a ChuckleAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

UW on Apollo Hospitals  target Rs 1 057: HSBCE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Feeling good about gold: Festive season to add to jewellers cheerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China September Factory Activity Edges Up but Employment ShrinksYou are here: Home Global Economy
China September Factory Activity Edges Up on Stronger Orders but Employment Shrinks
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 08:01 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Beijing: Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly picked up in September even as factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, a survey showed on Tuesday, a potential source of worry for Communist leaders who prize social stability above all else.
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50, the level which separates expansion in activity from contraction, citing a further deterioration in business confidence and the rapidly cooling property market.
But a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
"The picture is mixed, with new orders and new export orders registering some improvement. Meanwhile, the employment index declined further and disinflationary pressure intensified," said Qu Hongbin, an economist at HSBC.
Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said at the weekend he would not dramatically alter policy because of any one economic indicator, cooling any speculation of swift, aggressive action, but like many economists Qu said he continues to expect China will further relax its monetary policy over time.
Most Asian stock markets and the Australian dollar clawed back some of their early losses after the PMI report, while Shanghai stocks rose.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures earlier this year, the world's second-largest economy has stumbled as a slowdown in the housing market further undermined already softening domestic demand, while exports have faltered.
Worries that China was slipping into a deeper funk heightened this month when data showed factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August as growth in other key sectors also cooled.
China's urban unemployment rate was nearly 4.1 per cent at the end of June, though many economists believe the real number may be much higher given its army of migrant workers.
But the employment index aside, other measures in the PMI poll fared better, which could keep Beijing's response more modest for now.
Total new orders rose, and new export orders also climbed to their highest level since March 2010.
The overall output level remained flat on the month, while output prices fell to a six-month low.
The final HSBC/Markit manufacturing PMI for the month is due on September 30, while the official reading will be released on October 1. The HSBC surveys covers more small to medium-sized companies, which are believed to be under far more stress than larger, state-owned firms which the official report tends to focus on.
The run of weak data has fed speculation that authorities may further loosen fiscal and monetary policies to shore up growth. The property slowdown, in particular, is expected to persist well into next year and continue weighing on demand for everything from household appliances to glass, cement and steel.
Prices for Chinese steel and iron ore futures have slumped to record lows, while oil, copper, rubber and other raw materials have also skidded on fears of slowing China demand, which is rapidly leaving the United States as the only major driver of world economic growth.
But Chinese leaders have publicly ruled out another massive stimulus programme like the one launched during the global financial crisis, which left local governments saddled with mountains of debt, encouraged excess capacity in some industries and fueled inflationary pressures.
Instead, Beijing has rolled out a series of more modest steps targeted at supporting more vulnerable sectors of the economy, while many local governments have eased curbs on property purchases in the face of sliding home prices and a sharp drop in new construction.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on easy credit to fuel its economic growth, and said the country would only tweak policy in certain areas to aid activity.
Further measures are already being rolled out even as leaders publicly advise caution.
The central bank last week injected money into the country's top banks in a bid to help support the economy by keeping borrowing costs down, and media have reported this week that the "Big Four banks" plan to ease rules on mortgage lending in a move orchestrated by regulators.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Messaging App Seeks to Bring Voices Back to PhonesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

No second account needed to get Jan Dhan benefitsPrint
>
New Delhi, Sep 22 (IANS) People desirous of availing benefits under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) need not open another bank account in case they already hold one, the government Monday said .
"The existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a RuPay Debit Card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under PMJDY," the finance ministry said in a statement here.
"Micro credit limit of Rs.5,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account," it added.
Saying that insurance benefits are available through the RuPay Card, the ministry reported that there had been complaints from some places about the availability of the account opening forms due to the huge rush and "certain people taking advantage of such situation."
Earlier in the month, the ministry had first reported on the problem. Informing that many existing account holders have opened a new account to avail of incentives announced under the scheme, the ministry said: "Publicity is being given that the benefits announced under PMJDY can be extended to the existing account holders in their previous accounts as well and new account need not be opened for this."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the pan-India financial inclusion scheme called "Jan Dhan Yojana" here on Aug 28 under which bank accounts and RuPay debit cards with an insurance cover of Rs.100,000 are being provided to millions who have been without access to formal banking facilities.
As on date, 4.18 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY, the statement said.
 

President Bling-Bling heeds Frances call© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb179a4c-4269-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Time for action on climateUpdated: September 23, 2014 01:43 IST
Time for action on climate
climate change
Anew report authored by Lord Nicholas Stern sounds as optimistic as his landmark 2006 study. It is possible to simultaneously prevent climate change and to augment economic growth, claims Better Growth, Better Climate: The New Climate Economy Report , of the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate. Allowing fewer emissions would fuel growth better than the current high-carbon model. For that to happen, governments would have to redeploy the $90 trillion they are estimated to spend on infrastructure over the next 15 years towards low-carbon technologies. One of them is mass public transport networks that will connect compactly built cities, saving $3 trillion in investment cost by 2030, the report points out. Restoring 12 per cent of degraded lands can feed another 200 million people, raise farmers’ income by $40 billion annually and cut emissions from deforestation. Evidence is mounting that coal is the biggest killer fuel. The World Health Organization’s finding earlier this year is the latest. The seven million premature deaths that occur annually, it says, are directly linked to exposure to outdoor and indoor air pollution, besides links between air pollution and cardiovascular diseases and cancer. The case for urgent change could not be more clinching. The climate report proposes phasing out the $600 billion current subsidy on fossil fuels and raising the $100 billion support to renewables. The result would be energy efficiency and poverty reduction.
The Commission’s ambitious action plan calls upon governments, businesses, financial institutions and cities to weigh the environmental risks and opportunities of their operations. The financial and non-financial performance of businesses should include an assessment of climate risk and resilience with disclosure to investors and stock exchanges. National governments should set a 2025 target on greenhouse gas emissions and a global annual target of zero or less by the latter half of the century. If implemented, says the report, the action plan would achieve 90 per cent reduction in emissions by 2030, enough to prevent catastrophic climate change. As shown by several studies, no region is perhaps more vulnerable to its impact as the countries of South Asia, home to nearly a quarter of the world’s population. A recent Asian Development Bank study warns that many nations in the region would on average lose 1.8 per cent of their gross domestic product by 2050 in a business-as-usual scenario. The damage would be greater when the impact from extreme weather events is also calculated. As current targets to cut emissions expire in 2020, the UN summit being held today is critical to building momentum for a new climate deal in Paris in 2015.

Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS launched in India; priced on Snapdeal at Rs 16 499Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS launched in India; priced on Snapdeal at Rs 16,499
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 07:12  IST
Sep 24 2014, 07:12  IST
 

Trusting the Inmates to Run the Asylumreddit
What if senior management didn't "run" the company? We usually think of it that way, the executives make the decisions and everyone else follows orders. Right? That's certainly how insane asylums are run. It's time to change that frame and start trusting employees.
No matter how well you multi-task or how varied your skill-set, you have to develop a team that can work autonomously as the company grows. I am not saying to just hand over the keys and head to Maui. But try to micromanage it all, and before long you will be the one requiring psychiatric care.
Empowerment leads to freedom
Unless your workplace is actually an insane asylum, you will need a more empowering context than insanity. Provide your employees with the autonomy to do their best work, because more freedom for them means more freedom for you.
With autonomy, employees feel empowered to focus on the specific areas where they can be most valuable. Leaders can then focus on the aspects of the business where they can add the most value, like raising funding or positioning the company to emerge into a new market.
That has a very different look and feel than a company that is run with concentrated authority, promoting fierce competition and increasing profits by any means necessary.  The leaders there are the bottleneck that everything has to go through. They lose all of their freedom because they feel they have to monitor everything. They have to be the first ones there in the morning and the last to leave late at night.
More and more companies are embracing an approach where leaders grant autonomy. Employees grow stronger at what they do, find fulfillment in that mastery, and eventually own projects that they will take off their manager's plate. In those organizations leadership comes from everywhere , not just top to bottom.
Of course all of that hinges on trust...
The speed of trust
I am not suggesting that you merely give employees carte blanche to come and go as they please, and work in an unstructured fashion. Your talent needs goals and you need to be attentive to their progress and their needs.
I get it, the market is extremely competitive. Create a product that people want and before you know it, five companies are vying for your market-share. So executives think, we need to move things along quickly to beat out our competition and we need to be hyper-vigilant so that nobody on the team makes a costly mistake along the way. That approach is counter-intuitive, since what is really needed is more trust.
According to Stephen Covey, "trust is the key leadership competency of the new, global economy". In his book, The Speed of Trust , Covey explains how when people are trustworthy and build trusting relationships within an organization, that is when rapid growth occurs.
But trust is not enough
Covey discusses the four zones of the trust matrix, a combination of a high or low propensity of trust and a high or low degree of analysis. On one end of the spectrum is indecision. These are the micromanagers who have a low propensity of trust coupled with a low degree of analysis.
On the other end of the spectrum is judgment. This is the ideal, and these leaders have a high propensity of trust and a high degree of analysis. They provide their people with ownership and accountability over tasks and elicit resourcefulness and creativity.
The analysis part comes in the form of information. You need to collect and analyze insights from your employees to gauge their strengths and abilities.That is why I ask my team these questions on a regular basis:
- What are your wins (big or little) for this week?
- Are there any obstacles you are facing and can I help?
- What are your top three priorities for next week?
Now for each member of my team I know where their strengths lie and what gets them excited. I know where they are stuck so that I can offer support , and also know exactly how much to challenge them. I know how aligned they are with big-picture goals, and by aggregating their responses I can see their growth over time.
With this information I can confidently grant my employees autonomy to do their best work, and trust that it will get done.
Creating Space
A workplace can be somewhere that people trudge to day after day and only work hard enough so that they don't lose their job or don't have to deal with micromanagement (what really drives people crazy). If it feels like an asylum, your people will feel like inmates.
When your business feels like a space where people are heard, trusted, and supported, it will be something so much more. Employees will be committed to fulfilling the company mission, instead of just being committed.
Follow David Hassell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@dhassell
More:

Sheryl Sandberg stars in a comic bookSheryl Sandberg stars in a comic book
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 23, 2014: 11:44 AM ET
Facebook exec Sheryl Sandberg stars in her own comic book.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his own movie. But Number Two exec Sheryl Sandberg is getting her own comic book.
Sandberg is now the star of a comic book about the empowerment of women and their uphill battle in the male-dominated business world.
The illustrated biography, called "Lean In," is published by Bluewater Productions. The story is told in first person and begins with Sandberg as a Harvard freshman in 1987, attending a speech by the male president "full of quotations from dead men I've never read. I felt like I was suffocating. I just wanted to get out."
Related: Zuckerberg's neighbors are freaking out
The 32-page comic was written by Michael Frizell and illustrated by Angel Bernuy and is part of Bluewater's Female Force series, which has featured comic biographies of Hillary Clinton, Tina Fey, Michelle Obama , Mother Theresa and Melinda Gates .
Facebook did not respond to CNNMoney about whether the Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) chief operating officer authorized the comic book and if the narrative is authentic.
Bluewater explained how it has worked for Sandberg and the other subjects.
"We reach out to all the subjects to see if they want to be a part of it and donate a percentage to a non-profit of their choice," said Bluewater spokesman Darren Davis. "We also run ads for that non-profit. Most of the subjects in the female empower series 'Female Force' have embraced them regardless."
Related: Facebook is 69% male and mostly white
The first few pages detail Sandberg's time at Harvard and contain the following pearls of wisdom from her:
"Anything worth doing takes work. I want to tell any young girl out there who thinks she's a geek that it works out. Just study harder."
"There's no such thing as work-life balance. There's work, and there's life, and there's no balance."
"Men still run the world. As a business major, I recognized that, understood it sharply. If you ask men why they did a good job, they will say something like, 'I'm awesome, obviously.'"
Sandberg, who authored the book "Lean In" happens to work at a company that's 69% male .
Related: The women of Alibaba put Silicon Valley to shame
The comic will be released this week.
Bluewater also has plans to release comic biographies on other business leaders in October, including Bill Gates, Steve Jobs , Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Sandberg's boss Mark Zuckerberg .
Sandberg's comic book will sell for $3.99, while Zuckerberg's will cost $10.99.
Davis said the Zuckerberg book is a graphic novel, unlike the Sandberg comic, which is part of the "Female Force" series.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 9:38 AM ET
Most Popular

Mahindra to roll out Gusto on September 29Updated: September 23, 2014 20:59 IST
Mahindra to roll out Gusto on September 29
Special Correspondent
automobile
Mahindra Two Wheelers on Tuesday announced that its new scooter to be launched at the end of this month would be called Gusto. The scooter, to be launched in northern and western India on September 29, was earlier code-named G101.
It will be rolled out in the rest of India, South Asia, Latin America and Africa in phases over the next few months, a statement from Mahindra said. “We are set to introduce our new global scooter, the Gusto create at our R&D facility in Pune,’’ Rajesh Jejurikar, CEO – Farm Equipment & Two Wheeler Division & Member of the Group Executive Board, Mahindra Group, said in a statement.

Bibek Debroy to chair high-level govt committee on railwaysgovernment
As pointed out by Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda during the Railway Budget, ``funds to the tune of Rs. 50,000 crores per year are required for the next 10 years for ongoing projects alone.’’
In its first attempt at restructuring the railways, the Government has set up a high level committee to reconfigure the railways board as well as suggest steps for resource mobilisation for major railway projects, such as tracks to coal bearing areas and increasing line capacity on trunk routes.
To be headed by economist Bibek Debroy, the other members are former Cabinet Secretary K M Chandrashekhar, former National Stock Exchange Managing Director Ravi Narain, Dr. Debroy’s colleague in Centre for Policy Research Partha Mukopadhyay and former Procter & Gamble CMD Gurcharan Das. The sixth member will be a nominee from the Finance Ministry of Finance.
The Government had set up several committees to suggest improving railway functioning since liberalisation began in the early nineties. But each time a report was submitted, the Government preferred to cherry-pick a few income generating recommendations while shelving those relating to changing the department based structure of the Indian Railways.
As pointed out by Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda while presenting the Railway Budget this July, ``funds to the tune of Rs. 50,000 crores per year are required for the next 10 years for ongoing projects alone.’’ Further on in his Budget speech, the Minister indicated the Modi Government’s priorities``…the Railway Board due to overlapping roles of policy formulation and implementation, has become unwieldy. Therefore I propose to separate these two functions.’’
Among others, some sort of revamp of the railways in the last two decades has been suggested by committees headed by D M Nanjundappa, Prakash Tandon, Anil Kakodkar, Rakesh Mohan and Sam Pitroda.

http://usat.ly/1riCmfmFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit.
Post to Facebook
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1slwEx4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
81
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
James R. Healey , 6:30 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Cadillac Elmiraj concept coupe Aug. 15, 2013 in Carmel, Calif. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive coupe hinting at the details of the super-size Caddy under development. Powerplant is a 4.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8 delivering an estimated 500 hp. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
Cadillac 's Elmiraj concept coupe at Carmel, Calif. Mark Reuss, president of General Motors North American operations, says Elmiraj is 'the car Cadillac needs' to 'make a statement.' 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The Cadillac Elmiraj concept car is at the Cadillac booth at the 2013 Los Angeles Auto Show. 
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Fullscreen
Mike Nolan of General Motorsâ?? Design Fabrications Operations uses a blue light scanner to capture a 3-D image of the Cadillac Elmiraj. Designers used the digital mapping technology extensively on the concept car, appearing at the Los Angeles International Auto Show through Dec. 1. 
(Photo: General Motors)
Actor/Director/Producer Clint Eastwood, left, gets a tour of the Cadillac Elmiraj Concept from General Motors Vice President Global Design Ed Welburn at far right. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive grand coupe. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
The emblem on the grille of the Cadillac Elmiraj concept 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
By comparison, here's the logo on the front of a Cadillac Escalade, not as wide and showing the laurel leaves. The Escalade is due to be redone soon. 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Cadillac's  Elmiraj concept has dramatic front-end styling, a hint of which already can be seen on the CTS production car. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac's goal was to create more rear space for back-seat passengers. The back seats and front seats slide forward in tandem to give better rear access. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac Elmiraj concept car has controls, instruments grouped tightly around driver. Cadillac is working on a super-size car and it could be based on Elmiraj. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The first big-Cadillac concept car was the Ciel convertible, shown here at the 2012 Beijing International Automotive Exhibition in China. 
(Photo: Alexander F. Yuan, AP)
Cadillac's Ciel open-air grand-touring concept car Aug. 18, 2011 in Carmel, Calif. Ciel is pronounced "C-L," and means "sky" in French. 
(Photo: GM Wieck)
Cadillac rolls out the Ciel concept, an open-air grand-touring car, at Meadow Brook Hall in Rochester, Mich. Aug. 29, 2011. It suggests some styling touches that'll be on the the super-size Caddy under development. 
(Photo: John F. Martin / Cadillac)
Cadillac Ciel concept car at the Los Angeles Auto Show Nov. 16, 2011, is a four-seat show car meant to suggest some touches coming in the super-size Caddy due within two years. 
(Photo: Kevork Djansezian, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

GM Recalls 221 558 Sedans For Fire RiskGM Recalls 221,558 Sedans For Fire Risk
Posted:
Updated:
11/20/2014  5:59 am EST
reddit
DETROIT (AP) — General Motors is recalling 221,558 Cadillac XTS and Chevrolet Impala sedans because the brake pads can stay partially engaged even when they're not needed, increasing the risk of a fire.
The recall involves Cadillacs from the 2013-2015 model years and Impalas from the 2014 and 2015 model years. There are 205,309 vehicles affected in the U.S.; the rest of the vehicles are in Canada and elsewhere.
GM says the electronic parking brake arm that applies pressure to the back of the brake pads may not fully retract after use. If the brake pads stay partially engaged with the rotor, excessive brake heat may result in a fire.
GM says it knows of no accidents or injuries related to the defect.
GM will notify owners and repair the vehicles for free.
More:

Stocks weak as risk appetite fadesStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1wK6gLfFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report.
Post to Facebook
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
Video Keywords Harry Potter imitate art Strong leadership positions science technology engineering South Korea Korea Brazil Virginia Miami Australia United States China
USA TODAY's Laura Petrecca interviews film star Geena Davis about a new report that takes a look at how women are portrayed in movies.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  So let's talk a little bit about the new report
00:04  which was commissioned by ear institute which studies gender in the
00:06  media play over some of the top line findings. So we
00:10  -- the United States that in my list of eleven territory
00:13  so we studied. Is roughly in the middle we're not. The
00:18  worst but where -- actually far from the best. So. You
00:22  know we know. A long way to go so who is
00:25  on the top the list in terms of portraying women as
00:27  strong when -- a positive light found that was of any
00:30  particular country that was. Overall the best there were -- Pockets
00:36  of five. Promise. -- South Korea. Had 50% from the lead
00:43  characters female. -- -- What I mean you know set the
00:48  today or is great and and China. Brazil and Australia had
00:52  40%. Female characters as leads so. That's pending in USS very
00:58  far from that he tells a little bit about. The roles
01:01  that -- rooms are free trade asset really don't show than
01:03  a stronger powerful way well we. Did a very comprehensive study
01:08  of occupations of all female characters and enough film and television
01:13  made in United States and found that. In that film. 80%.
01:20  Of the -- to have jobs are male so. By and
01:24  large enough characters don't have any occupation. Dare function is very
01:29  often to service eye candy. Or being the girlfriend of the
01:35  person that senator involving adventures. And there are virtually no women
01:40  in. Strong leadership positions if women don't see other women up
01:45  on the screen important roles can affect their self esteem I
01:48  think it absolutely does in fact -- the more hours of
01:51  TV a girl watches the fewer options she think she has
01:55  a life. -- self esteem goes down and voice of the
01:59  -- goes up from watching TV so this clearly. A very
02:03  negative message that is coming through. And the reverse is possible
02:08  -- that by seeing. Positive and empowering and I'm inspiring images
02:15  of female characters that. That will impact girls positive. Positively so
02:20  it seems that he can open up the -- career choices
02:23  for young women if they see positive role models on the
02:25  screen big candy can. Art. Doesn't have to do imitate life
02:31  we can turn around so that life will imitate art if
02:34  we show. On screen boards half women and the president just
02:40  as often. One and as a man and and women in
02:44  the science technology engineering and math careers. Then it looks normal
02:48  the people we could start to feel like. Hey that makes
02:51  perfect sense that women would be good at that so we
02:54  can have an enormous impact. It's 2000 Virginia are still talking
02:58  about stereotypes and found during a gender disparity right. What's holding
03:02  Hollywood back from getting those numbers up there well what's holding
03:05  everybody back you know and it isn't really an all sectors
03:08  of society. The percentage of women in. Leadership positions. Has stalled
03:14  out at around wound seventeen to 20%. Congress 18% boards or
03:20  16%. So it's kind of everywhere and in I'm. In movies.
03:27  The percentage of women in crowd scenes in group scenes is
03:31  17%. Wow so. It could create -- -- from seeing this
03:37  imbalance. From the beginning from the first thing you see as
03:41  a little kid. It looks normal. In any advice about what
03:46  folks out there can do make a difference in their own
03:48  world since her on not screenwriters are producers filmmakers -- --
03:52  right. So what I do and recommend it to people is
03:56  time to watch. Media with your kid is personal which I
04:00  would severely limit the amount of hours they can spend on
04:02  screen. Pretty much to a couple hours on the weekend. So.
04:07  That's actually it's important to limit it as much as you
04:11  can and whenever possible if you want to win them especially
04:14  when their little. You can interpret it you couldn't. Can teach
04:19  them to be media savvy unlike his watch whatever other kids
04:22  there are seeing but I. The sort of keep up a
04:25  running commentary away -- we're watching an -- Think it's weird
04:29  that there's only boys in that group of people why do
04:32  you think what you think that this is a terrific girls
04:34  could do that too and what would have been fine if
04:37  half of them were girls and things like that I asked
04:40  my daughter. Who she wanted to be when we -- after
04:44  we saw -- Harry Potter. And she said Harry Potter should
04:49  really are -- Miami says no because he does cooler stuff.
04:53  You know so phone. So I think it's really important to
04:58  two point -- just to -- you don't gonna find a
05:01  three year old -- -- You know I'm not seeing myself
05:04  fairly reference it up there on screen why do what is
05:07  you know so we have to. Pointed out to them.
Laura Petrecca , USA TODAY 10:42 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Geena Davis played a strong female character in the movie A League of Their Own.
(Photo: Columbia Pictures)
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films — and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report that examined 120 films from 11 countries.
Research conducted by the USC Annenberg School of Communication and Journalism, and commissioned by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media, was released on Monday. Among the findings:
Of the 5,799 speaking or named characters on screen, 31% were female and 69% were male.
The majority of workers in the analyzed films were male, at 78%.
Male characters disproportionately held more powerful occupations than their female counterparts. Only 14% of business executives were female and just 10% of top-level politicians were women.
Just a quarter  of the films examined had a girl or woman as a lead or co-lead driving the plot.
Only 10% of the sample group had a "balanced cast" that featured girls or women in 45% to 54.9% of all speaking roles.
"Overall, the global picture is very bleak" when it comes to women getting equal time to men in films, as well as women being portrayed in a positive light, said Davis.
A female's function in a film is very often "to serve as eye candy or be the girlfriend of the person that's having all the adventures," said the actress, who founded the Gender in Media institute to research and help improve how women are portrayed in media.
"By seeing positive and empowering and inspiring images of female characters, that will impact girls positively to say, 'Hey, I could be that,'" she says.
"Art doesn't have to imitate life," says the star of movies such as A League of Their Own and Thelma & Louise. "We can turn it around so life will imitate art."
If movies show women in executive positions, as well as pursuing careers in science or math, "then it looks normal to people," she said. "We can start to feel like, 'Hey, that makes perfect sense that women would be good at that,'" she adds. "So it can have an enormous impact."
The just-released report examined films theatrically released between Jan. 1, 2010, and May 1, 2013, and were "roughly equivalent" to an MPAA rating of G, PG or PG-13.
It focused on films from Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Russia, South Korea, the United States and the United Kingdom.
Listen to the full interview with Geena Davis right here:
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Barclays hit by fines in UK and USBarclays hit by fines in UK and US
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13bb28fe-431d-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buyouts Galore: Delhi startups Wingify  Zomato acquire global companies like Concept Feedback  GastronauciBuyouts Galore: Delhi startups Wingify  Zomato acquire global companies like Concept Feedback  Gastronauci
Govt cable tv corpn to hold talks with cable tv operatorsGovt cable tv corpn to hold talks with cable tv operators
Airstrikes against IS  only the beginning : PentagonAirstrikes against IS  only the beginning : Pentagon
It will take a bigvisionThe dramatic change of government in India makes it possible to boost US and Indian approaches to the economic relationship to derive new benefits for both sides.
Posted: September 24, 2014 12:22 am
BY: TARUN DAS
Chinese President Xi Jinping has left after an unprecedented visit, especially considering the relationship-building programme in Ahmedabad personally coordinated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Prior to this, the prime minister had an outstanding trip to Japan, engaging with his counterpart Shinzo Abe. Next on the agenda is the United States, and clearly, the bar has been set high by these two major international interactions. The US visit can, and must, surpass Japan and China.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee spoke of India and the US being “natural allies”. This has not happened. It is also unlikely to happen in the near future because of a variety of differences between the two countries. But Modi’s visit this month can be path-breaking, with a focus on relationship- and trust-building as well as renewing confidence in furthering economic relations. Achieving these two objectives will lay a new foundation for the future.
India and the US are collaborating on multiple fronts but the divide that separates them is also significant. US policy towards South Asia, its benign attitude to cross-border terrorism against India, its somewhat lukewarm cooperation on intelligence-sharing, its policy of intervention in the affairs of other countries, its pressures on developing economies on climate issues, its dominance of three apex multilateral financial institutions, its surveillance policy — these are just a few of the issues that separate India and the US. Sadly, there are many more.
And yet, there is much that India and the US can do together in the fields of energy (clean and otherwise), education, health, technology, innovation, cyber security, space and entrepreneurship, to mention only a few areas of huge potential. And, the near three million NRIs in the US are a binding, linking army of quality.
Some of this is happening, partly with government support; a lot of it freely between the private sectors, which is a unique dimension of Indo-US relations. With no other country in the world do India and Indian industry, and the Indian people, have such massive networks of partnership.
If the potential is to be realised, mutual trust has to be built. But how? Can lecturing and talking down be avoided? Can there be understanding of the leading and managing of 1.2 billion people? Can respect be felt and shown? Can the US tune into the great new priorities to change India, such as hygiene and the girl child (or leave it to Bill Gates?) and can there be an appreciation of the end to tax terrorism and easier business processes? Can there be an understanding that India has to resolve its challenges the Indian way?
If there is an acceptance of two-way traffic and that India is not an “ally” (that is, subsidiary!) but a “partner” with its own culture and civilisation, then, surely, trust and respect can flow from continued…

New opportunities for India-U.S. tradeIndia-United States
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the U.S. is the perfect occasion for building a mutually beneficial relationship
The U.S. and India are the two largest democracies in the world. In the early 1990s, India became an economic powerhouse by embracing the free enterprise system — the very system that made America so strong. India is now the world’s third largest economy and has quickly become one of America’s greatest trading partners. Notably, American exports to India have increased by 491 per cent since 2001. Bilateral trade between the countries has reached $100 billion and may rise to $500 billion by the end of the decade. These are not idle numbers. They tell the story of Americans who got jobs, earned promotions and started businesses because they embraced India as a trading partner.
Historic visit
This is a story that needs to reach more Americans, especially since the country’s economic recovery has floundered under the Barack Obama administration. Thankfully, new opportunities for trade have arisen. In May this year, Narendra Modi was elected as India’s Prime Minister in what was called “the biggest exercise of democracy on the planet.” The excitement over the promise of economic freedom and prosperity spurred over 550 million people to vote, representing a record turnout of 66 per cent. Prime Minister Modi is known for pro-growth policies that have pulled millions of Indians out of poverty. As the Chief Minister of Gujarat, he oversaw a State whose economy experienced 10 per cent annual growth during the 2000s. This phenomenal economic record was achieved through his pro-business philosophy, earning him the title, ‘Ronald Reagan of India.’ With new leadership in New Delhi, now is the time for the U.S. to renew its relationship with India.
In March last year, the National Indian American Public Policy Institute (NIAPPI) organised a historic visit by a very high-level congressional and business delegation to visit Prime Minister Modi, then the Chief Minister of Gujarat. NIAPPI recently announced the formation of the NIAPPI Business Council (NBC) led by New Jersey businessman Anil Monga to increase U.S. investment in India, as well as increase trade between the U.S. and India by tenfold in the next 10 years. This Council will also facilitate exports of manufactured goods from India, reducing the U.S.’s overwhelming dependence on Chinese imports. The U.S. should encourage full support of this important council from the U.S. Congress and the government of India.
Reviewing policies
Mr. Modi is scheduled to visit the U.S. later this week. As the country greets the new Prime Minister, it is imperative that it reviews its policies and legislative proposals to ensure that it treats its partner fairly. One such proposal — the Senate’s immigration reform bill — contains a number of provisions that would hurt India’s IT industry. This is yet another flaw with the Senate’s gigantic immigration bill. Pressed by India’s External Affairs Minister during his trip to India in May, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expressed the Obama administration’s support for “some changes” that would deal with those provisions. That is encouraging for U.S. businesses that rely on Indian companies to deliver high-quality IT services. After all, the U.S.’s treatment of Indian companies in the U.S. will directly affect how its companies are treated in India. Likewise, India needs to understand the value and necessity of contractual law so that the two countries can continue to form and strengthen relations. A re-evaluation of policies from both sides will help build the foundation for a mutually beneficial relationship that will bolster the partnership between the two great nations.
(Congressman Pete Sessions is Chairman of the Rules Committee of U.S. House of Representatives and Shalabh “Shalli” Kumar is Chairman of the Indian American Advisory Council of House Republican Conference of U.S. Congress.)

Godfrey Phillips draws flak for payment to Lalit ModiUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:01 IST
Godfrey Phillips draws flak for payment to Lalit Modi
Special Correspondent
company information
Godfrey Phillips India, the flagship company of the KK Modi Group, has come under criticism from proxy advisory firm Stakeholders Empowerment Services (SES) for paying non-executive (promoter) director flamboyant businessman and cricket administrator Lalit Modi remuneration of Rs.1.7 crore, much higher than other non-promoter independent directors of the company.
“SES believes that remuneration paid to executive directors should be aligned with the company’s performance and thus should include a variable performance-based component. Lalit Modi was paid Rs.1.7 crore as remuneration, which is 85 times the remuneration paid to next highest paid Non Executive Director/ Independent Director (Anup Kothari who got Rs.2 lakh),” SES said in a report.
“This indicates that remuneration policy of the company is highly skewed in favour of promoters. Mr. Modi did not attend any meeting of the board in previous year (2013-14) but was paid Rs.1.7 crore. In 2012-13, he attended only one board meeting - that too through teleconferencing - and was paid Rs.1.1 crore. What is contribution of Mr. Lalit Kumar Modi which justifies such disproportionate payment to son of the promoter of the company?” SES asked.
Mr. Modi, who is staying in London since his removal as Indian Premier League (IPL) chief, has not attended three annual general meeting of the company. The company’s shares closed with a gain of 0.10 per cent at Rs.2,880 on the BSE on Tuesday.

Suzuki eyes bigger pie in two-wheeler spacescooters and motorbikes
Will focus on offering value-for-money as well as premium products
Japanese auto brand Suzuki aims to emerge as a key constituent of Indian two-wheeler market in the next few years, supported by a two-pronged product strategy and stronger distribution network.
The company said it would focus on offering value-for-money as well as premium products in the two-wheeler segment. Also, it would ramp up its touch points from the present 630 to 1,000 and to 2,000 as early as possible.
“Since Suzuki brand in four-wheeler segment is associated with the ‘value-for-money’ positioning, we obviously can’t disassociate ourselves from that. Also, our big bike image has created confidence among the customers that we have technology for premium bikes and can take it forward further,” Atul Gupta, Executive Vice-President, Suzuki Motorcycle India (SMI), told this correspondent.
“Our product strategy will focus on building the brand in these two areas simultaneously — some models for numbers, and some for brand,” he added.
The company said that though it was a smaller player going by the sales numbers, in terms of perception or expectation, Suzuki brand was considered No. 3 in the market. SMI hopes to gain more sales and market share through its just-launched sports bike Gixxer and scooter Let’s, launched in May this year. Its 155 cc bike Gixxer, priced at Rs.74,552 (ex-showroom, Chennai), has secured over 3,000 bookings since the start of the bookings on September 1.
The company is yet to launch the bike in many cities. “Good product launches coupled with our increasing distribution network should give us some strong space to play,” he added.

http://usat.ly/Zcb3ulFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Will Larry Flynt take Hustler porn empire public?
CINCINNATI — At age 71, Hustler founder and chairman Larry Flynt said he's growing weary of stirring the pot. But that doesn't mean the chief executive of the Los Angeles-based porn empire is leaving the
Post to Facebook
Will Larry Flynt take Hustler porn empire public? CINCINNATI — At age 71, Hustler founder and chairman Larry Flynt said he's growing weary of stirring the pot. But that doesn't mean the chief executive of the Los Angeles-based porn empire is leaving the Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uBglIO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
15
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Will Larry Flynt take Hustler porn empire public?
Bowdeya Tweh, The Cincinnati Enquirer 1:17 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Larry Flynt speaks on First Amendment issues at Syracuse University on March 5, 2013.
(Photo:  Provided/Hustler )
52 CONNECT 43 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CINCINNATI — At age 71, Hustler founder and chairman Larry Flynt said he's growing weary of stirring the pot.
But that doesn't mean the chief executive of the Los Angeles-based porn empire is leaving the business soon. He wants to grow the enterprise even larger — by making it a publicly traded company
Flynt said Friday that the privately held company could go public within the next 12 to 18 months. He said the company is already working with "high powered" firms to study the possibility of an initial public offering.
"That's no small feat," Flynt told The Enquirer. "We'd just be able to raise a lot more money. We're trying to decide whether to take the whole company public or just a portion of it. The decision hasn't been made yet."
Flynt's company declines to disclose revenue, but he said it could be worth $500 million. Flynt opened his first Hustler club in Dayton in 1968 and the first Hustler magazine was sold 40 years ago.
A few adult entertainment companies are publicly traded but many have returned to being privately held. Playboy Enterprises was a publicly traded company before founder Hugh Hefner took the company private in 2011. Boulder, Colo.-based New Frontier Media was publicly traded before a Hustler company bought it in 2012.
Houston-based strip club and restaurant operator RCI Hospitality Holdings, formerly Rick's Cabaret International, has been publicly traded company since 1995 and has a market capitalization of $117.2 million.
The Hustler empire includes the Hustler television network, a casino near Los Angeles, more than 60 adult websites, retail stores, a merchandise production licensing division, Hustler magazine, adult film production companies, and a Las Vegas strip club. The company employs about 1,200 people. Flynt has two Hustler Express stores in Cincinnati and a Hustler Hollywood in Monroe.
Justice Department shuts down porn money: Column
"Twenty five years ago, 85% of profits came from paper," Flynt said. "Now, less than 5% of profits come from publishing. We've changed the whole economics of our company (but) we're more sound than we were before."
Flynt said Hustler has a succession strategy in place, but "he's not obsessed" with talking about it. He said the brand remains strong and he knows his name is synonymous with what is one of the world's biggest adult entertainment companies.
But when Flynt leaves his position, he said the company will likely be operated by his trust. Among family members still part of the company are Elizabeth Berrios, Flynt's wife, who is a vice president, and his daughter Teresa, who is chief marketing officer.
Expanding the parameters of free speech is one of the biggest legacies Flynt believes he'll have after leaving the company. Fights over First Amendment protections and obscenity that began in the 1970s were part of the 1996 biopic The People vs. Larry Flynt.
Larry and his younger brother Jimmy Flynt were indicted in 1976 on charges of obscenity and then Hamilton County prosecutor Simon Leis Jr., who later became sheriff, led the prosecution. A jury found Flynt guilty and he was sentenced to 25 years in prison. However, his lawyers appealed and successfully overturned the conviction.
Cincinnati native and businessman Charles Keating, who died earlier this year, was among the people who led a crusade against pornography.
"Another thing that always infuriated me is do-gooders like Keating," Flynt said. "They couldn't keep the streets clean, but they wanted to keep your minds pure. I was aggravated by that. I never felt the government should be in the business of dictating morality."
Larry and Jimmy Flynt have been involved in legal battles for several years over issues on trademark infringement and control over the Hustler company. The brothers no longer talk and Flynt has he's bothered by his younger brother wanting to take credit for a company he built. Jimmy Flynt says Larry unceremoniously forced him out of the company.
52 CONNECT 43 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uBglIO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Jet Airways to Expand International Operations From NovemberYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways to Expand International Operations From November
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 00:12 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Private carrier Jet Airways on Tuesday said it will expand international operations from November with a view to provide connectivity from four more Indian cities to Abu Dhabi and other global destinations.
Jet Airways will launch flight services from Ahmedabad, Goa and Lucknow to Abu Dhabi and beyond from November 14, the airline said in a release.
"Besides, the carrier also plans to introduce a flight on the Pune-Abu Dhabi route and its schedule is being finalised," Jet Airways said, adding that the launch will depend upon availability of slot at both the airports.
These cities are fast developing with growing importance in the business world and flyers from these smaller metros can now enjoy a direct seamless connectivity from home cities to Abu Dhabi.
From Abu Dhabi, these passengers will be able to fly directly to international destinations like Brussels, Manchester, Dusseldorf, Dublin, Belgrade, Moscow, Milan, Frankfurt, Munich and Paris in Europe and Washington, Los Angeles and Chicago in North America with the introduction of these flights, the release noted.
The addition of these new flights will further strengthen the Jet Airways' growing international network and significantly enhance international flight connectivity to the Gulf and beyond to North America, Europe and Africa with its strategic partner, Etihad Airways, it said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

SC appoints arbitrator in RIL gas pricing disputeSC appoints arbitrator in RIL gas pricing dispute
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:28 AM IST
The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed retired judge Michael Kirby of Australia as chairman of a three-member arbitral tribunal to decide the disputes between the government and Reliance Industries on various aspects of the Krishna-Godavari basin gas pricing.
Senior counsel Harish Salve for RIL suggested the name and judge J S Khehar accepted it. Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar did not raise any objection. The court hoped the chairman-nominee would not “disappoint us” and accept the post. The other two members of the panel are retired Supreme Court chief justices V N Khare and S P Bharucha.
The appointment of the presiding officer had delayed arbitration for almost a year. In April this year, the court named a chairman in a 70-page judgment but withdrew it two days later. The dispute is related, among other things, to the fine imposed by the government amounting to $1.797 billion in 2010-11 and 2012-13 for production shortfall.

Airbus in talks for stake in GMR s maintenance unitAirbus in talks for stake in GMR's maintenance unit
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:26 AM IST
The GMR Group is in discussion with European airplane maker Airbus for a possible stake sale in its aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) unit in Hyderabad. A deal will help GMR raise cash as a part of its ‘asset light’ strategy and enable Airbus to fulfill its commitment of developing an MRO in India.
“Our MRO strategy is well documented and we have nothing to add,” an Airbus spokesperson said in an email response to this newspaper. GMR did not respond to an email query.
GMR launched its MRO in 2012, in a joint venture with Malaysian Aerospace Engineering (part of Malaysia Airlines) with an investment of Rs 300 crore. Initially, Jet Airways too was to be become a partner in the project but it backed out. Last month GMR said it was acquiring its partner MAS stake in the project as the latter expressed inability to infuse more funds. According to media reports till March end the MRO incurred cumulative losses of Rs.240.30 crore and its operations have been mostly funded by promoters.
"Talks between Airbus and GMR group are on for last two-three months. There are various options on the table including full divestment,'' said an aviation source familiar with the development.
Airbus has been looking to develop a MRO facility in India and CEO of Airbus India Srinivasan Dwarakanath told media persons in March that partner for the MRO will be finalised by year end.
Currently Indian carriers (Air India, GoAir, IndiGo, Jet Airways and AirAsia) operate a fleet of over 170 Airbus aircraft. Airbus' current market share of sales in India represents over 60 per cent of the country's total aircraft backlog. In addition, since 2005, Airbus has enjoyed over 60 per cent market share of all new orders.
The plane maker committed to develop a training centre and MRO as a part of Rs 8399 crore deal to sell 43 Airbus A320 type planes to erstwhile Indian Airlines (now Air India) in 2006. However the MRO project did not take off and the issue has been a subject of scrutiny by Lok Sabha and investigation by Central Bureau of Investigation.
The Hyderabad MRO facility has been unable to attract long term business as airlines in India send their planes abroad for major maintenance checks owing to high tax structure.
However, GMR group in its 2014 annual report said the MRO carried out heavy maintenance checks on 37 planes and carried out engine changes and landing gear changes on various aircraft. The company said it is advanced negotiations to conclude heavy maintenance contracts with domestic airlines and is expanding its marketing efforts to attract business from other South Asian countries.

Philips plans split to focus on health care  consumer goodsPhilips plans split to focus on health care, consumer goods
Bloomberg | London/Amsterdam Sep 24, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Royal Philips NV Chief Executive Officer Frans van Houten plans to break up the 123-year-old Dutch company, separating the lighting unit and focusing on health care equipment and consumer goods spanning shavers to air purifiers.
Philips will create a single division called HealthTech from its health care and consumer goods operations generating $19 billion in sales, the Amsterdam-based company said on Tuesday. Lighting operations will become a standalone company with $9 billion in revenue, and a new ownership structure will be considered.
Van Houten, who took the helm in 2011, is combining health care and consumer operations to tap demand for gadgets that allow consumers to control and track their health or sports activities. The CEO was likely to meet analysts and investors in London on Tuesday to outline his reasoning for breaking up one of the Netherlands' most iconic companies.
LIGHTING UP
What is Philips up to?
The company will create a single division called HealthTech from its health care and consumer goods operations, generating $19 billion in annual sales
The future of lighting:
Lighting operations will become a standalone company with $9 billion in annual revenue and a new ownership structure will be considered
Why combine health care and consumer operations?
To tap demand for gadgets that allow consumers to control and track their health or sports activities
A year of changes:
Earlier this year, the company sold its television division and the DVD and multimedia divisions, and announced it would create a standalone company from its lumileds and automotive lighting
Duration:
Van Houten expects the process to take 12 to 18 months and said lighting will be on its own feet in 2016
"It's a bold move," said Marc Hesselink, an analyst at ABN Amro in Amsterdam. "It shows the company's focus on one point, health care." Philips climbed as much as four per cent to euro 24.45 in the Dutch capital on Tuesday, the biggest intraday gain since June. The stock was up 3.5 per cent, valuing the company at euro 23.3 billion.
'Right time'
"I do appreciate the magnitude of the decision we are taking, but the time is right to take the next strategic step," the CEO said.
Van Houten has been focusing the company on more profitable businesses to keep up with competitors such as General Electric Co and Siemens AG. Earlier this year, the company sold its television division and the DVD and multimedia divisions - which are the company's heritage - and announced it would create a standalone company from its lumileds and automotive lighting.
Philips said it would start moving its lighting business into a separate legal structure and consider various options "for alternative ownership structures with direct access to capital markets." Van Houten expects the process to take 12 to 18 months and said lighting will be on its own feet in 2016.
The market for lighting, led by Philips, was shifting from basic demands for products to more complex systems and services, and separating the company would enable it to have a sharper focus and investment strategy, van Houten said.
Lighting competition
The decision to move lighting into a standalone company to drive growth is similar to a move by Siemens AG. The German rival last year spun off its entire lighting division as the industry gets to grips with stiffening competition. The new HealthTech company will be dominated by sales of imaging systems, while the lion's share of lighting sales will come from light sources and electronics, the company said.
Philips reiterated 2016 goals, including a compound annual growth rate for comparable sales of four per cent to six per cent, with an earnings before interest, taxes and amortisation margin of 11 per cent to 12 per cent.

German companies excited about investing in India: Ravi Shankar PrasadGerman companies excited about investing in India: Ravi Shankar Prasad
Surabhi Agarwal | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Union minister for telecom and information technology, Ravi Shankar Prasad, who recently visited Germany to make a pitch to investors about 'Make in India', said on Tuesday that German firms were very excited about the investment proposition in India.
“German firms are interested in high-end electronic manufacturing in India,” said Prasad while speaking to a few reporters from his office in the ministry of law, another portfolio he holds. Opportunities in electronics manufacturing are spread across mobile phones, smart cards, medical electronics, smart cities, etc, he added. “Almost 60 per cent of defence manufacturing consists of electronics,” he said.
India recently increased the cap on foreign direct investment in defence manufacturing to 49 per cent.
Among the companies that Prasad met included nano-technology firm Infineon Technology, Osram Lights which deals with LED products, wireless communication company Rhode & Schwarz, Von Ardenne which manufactures solar photo voltaic equipment and automotive firm Bosch Ltd. The later has been one of the first companies to come forward with its investment proposal when the government started offering sops for electronics manufacturing under the Modified Special Incentives Scheme (MSIPS) policy. Prasad said that the company is looking at increasing its investment in the country. Bosch Automotive
Electronics India had proposed an investment of Rs. 550 crore for setting up a manufacturing facility in Bangalore.
The government is currently also revising its MSIPS policy to extend its mandate apart from making it more investor friendly. The revised policy will require Cabinet's approval. Prasad said that the policy is being examined.
Germany is the first nation to have a bilateral visit by the minister of communication and IT.

ABG Shipyard puts custom over staff duesABG Shipyard puts custom over staff dues
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:44 AM IST
ABG Shipyard has said it will divert the bulk of a Rs 1,300 crore working capital loan for completing its pending orders. “The objective of (doing so) is that revenues should start coming,” Dhananjay Datar, CFO, told Business Standard.
The staffers are unlikely to cheer, as this is likely to mean a longer wait for their salary dues. “The assistant general managers and levels above have not received their salaries since January. Senior managers and levels below haven’t got theirs’ since April,” said a source.
ABG is the country’s largest ship building company in the private sector. This industry is still to recover from the economic slowdown-hit since 2008. Ahmedabad-based ABG is, as part of a debt restructuring package granted by its lenders, getting a Rs 650 crore infusion from them by the end of this month. This is part of a Rs 11,000-crore loan recast deal, worked out in March.
“Of the total (pending) order for 99 ships, about 42 ships have been prioritised (for execution) and so from this tranche (as mentioned earlier) of the working capital loan, about 13 new ships will be built, which includes naval orders and bulk carriers,” said Datar
Recently, it lost a Rs 580-crore order from state-owned Shipping Corporation of India. “I needed the vessels and the order was nowhere near completion,” said a senior official with SCI. “Hardly 20-30 per cent of the order was complete and the grace period was also crossed. We could not wait and, therefore, cancelled the order, which was for six vessels of $16 million each.”
“Though Shipping Corp has cancelled its order, we plan to go ahead to build these ships, as we do not see any dearth of buyers for these offshore supply ships in the market,” said Datar. “After we receive the first Rs 650 crore, we will have to complete some orders and only after that will we be given the next amount of Rs 650 crore working capital loan, making it a total of Rs 1,300 crore.”
In 2007, it had got a 12-ship order from Thailand’s Precious Shipping. It was unable to deliver and, eventually, the Thai company cancelled it.
“Overall, there are enough orders but everything is now linked to completion,” said Datar.
ABG is into making of small and mid-sized vessels and has a record of building 10-12 in a year. It is going to take a while for ABG to translate its order book into revenue. From the time of an order received to completion, a shipbuilder typically takes a minimum of 18 months to a maximum of 36 months, said analysts.

Multi Commodity ExchangeFTIL jumps 6%; Prashant Desai replaces Jignesh as CEO, MD
Nov 21, 2014 at 12:50 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
"Prashant Desai, who joined the company in 2013 as president (investor relations and M&A) assumed the position of MD and CEO of the company effective (on Thursday)," said the company in its filing.
See Nifty at 9600 by Mar; midcaps game, buy financials: UBS
Nov 19, 2014 at 08:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia of UBS Securities believes there is a possibility that the consensus earnings growth of 15 percent may be met by the market. He continues to like Exide, MCX and LIC Housing Finance.
Multi Commodity Exchange of India: Outcome of compensation committee meeting
Nov 18, 2014 at 21:24 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Multi Commodity Exchange of India in its meeting held on November 11, 2014 considered and approved the grant of 172,600 stock options representing equivalent number of equity shares of Rs. 10/- each of the Company to the eligible employees under the Employees Stock Options Scheme - 2008.
Nov 17, 2014 at 07:51 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDFC Bank | ONGC | DLF | RCF and MCX are stocks, which are in news today.
See Nifty touch 9600 by 2015-end; like Maruti, ICICI: UBS
Nov 13, 2014 at 10:16 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia expects a gross domestic growth of 5.5 percent and 5.8 percent for FY15 and FY16, respectively.
FTIL may go Satyam way, but legal tussle could ensue
Oct 27, 2014 at 12:16 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In what would be only the second instance since the Satyam Computers scam broke out in 2009, the government is considering superseding the board of Financial Technologies India Limited (FTIL), the listed parent firm of scandal-tainted National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL).
Bull phase intact; correction lurking: Jhunjhunwala
Oct 23, 2014 at 18:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In May, four days before the election results were announced, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala announced on this channel that India is witnessing the mother of all bull runs. Four months later, with a majority Modi government & falling crude prices, Rakesh is double bullish
Govt orders Financial Technologies-NSEL merger; stk slides
Oct 21, 2014 at 15:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The announcement sent Financial Technologies shares crashing 20 percent to Rs 169, with trading being frozen after there were only sellers in the stock
FMC asks ICEX to submit biz revival plan or shut shop
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
FMC has asked ICEX to submit a business revival plan within a week or it may be asked to shut shop in case of delay in submitting the plan.
NCDEX to levy risk management fee on fresh open position
Oct 13, 2014 at 17:44 | Source: PTI
The levy of Rs 5 per lakh on incremental open position will be applicable from October 15. However, the exchange has decided to levy risk management fee only on commodities categorised in list "A" group, a NCDEX release said.
Multi Commodity Exchange of India: Outcome of compensation committee meeting
Nov 18, 2014 at 21:24 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Multi Commodity Exchange of India in its meeting held on November 11, 2014 considered and approved the grant of 172,600 stock options representing equivalent number of equity shares of Rs. 10/- each of the Company to the eligible employees under the Employees Stock Options Scheme - 2008.
FTIL jumps 6%; Prashant Desai replaces Jignesh as CEO, MD
Nov 21, 2014 at 12:50 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
"Prashant Desai, who joined the company in 2013 as president (investor relations and M&A) assumed the position of MD and CEO of the company effective (on Thursday)," said the company in its filing.
See Nifty at 9600 by Mar; midcaps game, buy financials: UBS
Nov 19, 2014 at 08:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia of UBS Securities believes there is a possibility that the consensus earnings growth of 15 percent may be met by the market. He continues to like Exide, MCX and LIC Housing Finance.
Nov 17, 2014 at 07:51 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDFC Bank | ONGC | DLF | RCF and MCX are stocks, which are in news today.
See Nifty touch 9600 by 2015-end; like Maruti, ICICI: UBS
Nov 13, 2014 at 10:16 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia expects a gross domestic growth of 5.5 percent and 5.8 percent for FY15 and FY16, respectively.
FTIL may go Satyam way, but legal tussle could ensue
Oct 27, 2014 at 12:16 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In what would be only the second instance since the Satyam Computers scam broke out in 2009, the government is considering superseding the board of Financial Technologies India Limited (FTIL), the listed parent firm of scandal-tainted National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL).
Bull phase intact; correction lurking: Jhunjhunwala
Oct 23, 2014 at 18:08 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In May, four days before the election results were announced, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala announced on this channel that India is witnessing the mother of all bull runs. Four months later, with a majority Modi government & falling crude prices, Rakesh is double bullish
Govt orders Financial Technologies-NSEL merger; stk slides
Oct 21, 2014 at 15:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The announcement sent Financial Technologies shares crashing 20 percent to Rs 169, with trading being frozen after there were only sellers in the stock
FMC asks ICEX to submit biz revival plan or shut shop
Oct 17, 2014 at 12:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
FMC has asked ICEX to submit a business revival plan within a week or it may be asked to shut shop in case of delay in submitting the plan.
NCDEX to levy risk management fee on fresh open position
Oct 13, 2014 at 17:44 | Source: PTI
The levy of Rs 5 per lakh on incremental open position will be applicable from October 15. However, the exchange has decided to levy risk management fee only on commodities categorised in list "A" group, a NCDEX release said.
Videos »

Michael Conroy / AP fileEmail
Stephen Chernin / Getty Images
A Starbucks Coffee barrista readies a beverage for a customer in the new 42nd Street store August 5, 2003, in New York City.
You might not be able to get away with "beer for breakfast" but if Starbucks tests go right, you could get the flavor of a Guinness in your morning joe.
A few Starbucks stores in Ohio and Florida are testing a "dark barrel latte," a Starbucks spokesperson said Monday. The coffee features a chocolaty stout-flavored sauce and is topped with whipped cream and a dark caramel drizzle.
Marketing materials for Starbucks said it was "inspired by the rise of craft beers."
According to some online reviewers who say they've sipped a sample, it tastes similar to a Guinness, for better or for worse.
The chain is known for its flavored lattes. For instance, Starbucks has sold over 200 million "pumpkin spice" lattes, a seasonal offering, since 2003. In select regional markets in the past Starbucks has tried out flavors like "Chestnut Praline Latte" or "Cherries Jubilee Mocha."
Starbucks said it's looking forward to learning more from the test but had no information on when the malty beverages might be available. As the slogan goes, "Good things come to those who wait."
Tags:

Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for IndiaWhy US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 15:00 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:18 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
The US-led coalition’s air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria could push up oil prices, fan inflation and dash hopes of lower borrowing rates ahead of the festival season just when the Indian economy is showing signs of clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
 
The unrest in oil-rich Middle East isn’t good news for millions of Indians who have been looking forward to lower fuel bills amid signs that petrol prices could come down further, as early as next week aided by plunging crude oil prices that touched $97 a barrel — the lowest in two years.
 
This had triggered hopes that the creeping increase in monthly diesel bill may also end soon, as the government could anytime announce de-regulation of diesel prices on the back of declining global oil prices.
Advertisement
Read: US air strikes target Islamic State militants in Syria
 
The crisis in Syria and Iraq, India’s second largest crude oil supplier after Saudi Arabia, and a possible hardening of oil prices, however, could turn the clock back.
 
For a start, it could mean that India will need to shell out more cash to import fuel, and this in turn raises the prices of transporting goods, leading to higher inflation.
 
And high inflation means that the RBI will hesitate to cut interest rates, a step needed to boost economic growth. So, consumers need to keep paying large chunks of their income every month towards repaying housing loans, even as the cost of food and fuel rises.
 
And it's not just households that will take the hit.
 
Companies that import raw materials will hurt badly if crude prices harden and the rupee weakens because of higher dollar demand.
 
The rupee’s value fell by 12 paise to come close to 61 to a dollar on Tuesday.
 
India, the world's fourth-largest oil consumer, imports around 190 million tonnes of crude oil a year — costing $145 billion a year, or more than a third of its total import bill.
 
With every dollar increase in oil prices, the government's oil import bill goes up by approximately Rs. 4,000 crore.
 
A $2-4 per barrel increase in crude oil prices on an average would mean increasing India's oil import bill by Rs. 8,000 crore to Rs. 16,000 crore.
 
While higher crude oil prices will have a knock on effect on inflation, it also can weaken the rupee as demand for dollars go up to meet import payment obligations.
 
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, latest price data showed, although that is still above the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
 
India’s wholesale inflation rate — the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements — had plunged to a five-year low of 3.74% in August, prompting industry leaders to ratchet up their demand for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
 
Importantly, hardening of crude prices could hit plans on oil price deregulation.
Watch: US Navy launches air missiles to target Islamic State in Syria
 
Crude oil prices are perhaps the most important variable in India’s complex energy economics. Part of the reason for India's relative lack of competitiveness among Asian manufacturing exporters is its expensive energy.
 
Dismantling its high-cost energy economy has been a crusade India’s policymakers have long waged and overdependence on imported crude oil hasn’t helped.
 
The recent fall in crude to sub-$100 a barrel had raised hopes that India would finally be able to free-up diesel prices.
 
Market-determined fuel prices would cut subsidies and help cut taxes on petroleum products. This can offset the shocks when global crude prices shoot up. It remains to be seen how the escalation in crisis affects India's plans for that one big step in energy reforms.

Bandhan recruits ten people from banking sector for its top managementBandhan recruits ten people from banking sector for its top management
Namrata Acharya | Kolkata Sep 23, 2014 04:46 PM IST
Bandhan, the microfinance institution which is planning to convert into a bank, has recruited ten people for its management team.
The team that would lead one of India's newest banks comprises some big names from private and public sector banks, apart from non-banking finance companies (NBFC), said Chandra Sekhar Ghosh, founder and chief executive, Bandhan.
Bandhan has also recruited nearly 90 people at the mid-level, who will be posted at its new branches. Earlier, Bandhan has appointed global HR consulting firm Aon Hewitt to design, performance management programme and implement a compensation strategy for its workforce.
The new recruits have been inducted in departments such as risk management, operations, business development, planning, IT, internal audit, treasury and human resources. Among these, treasury management comes as an unknown territory as the MFI has so far no experience in it.
On July 2, Bandhan had invited applications from people with three to 15 years of experience in the banking and human resource fields.
It received close to 27,000 applications for the 15 posts that were advertised. Nearly 15-20% of the applicants were from Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) backgrounds.
This apart, half of the applicants are from outside West Bengal; willing to shift their base from cities like Delhi and Mumbai to work in Kolkata.
Bandhan will open nearly 600 branches in one go, with nearly 70% of its operations concentrated in rural areas. The bank is expecting to open at least 10 million accounts in one go, as it plans to foray into the formal banking sector .
At present, Bandhan has about 2116 bank branches in 22 states, with loan outstanding of nearly Rs 6,200 crore.
On an average, the MFI disburses nearly Rs 1,000 crore on a monthly basis, with monthly collections of nearly Rs 700 crore. The MFI has a market share of nearly 25% in the sector.
At present, there are about 13,000 people on Bandhan's payroll in rural areas; they are likely to be absorbed as regular employees of the proposed bank.

P&G Selling Rest of Pet Care Business to SpectrumAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

RBI panel recommends 360-degree feedback in performance assessmentPerformance assessment in banks & NBFCs: Panel recommends 360-degree feedback
BS Reporters | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A report by a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) panel has said 360-degree feedback is important for a transparent and comprehensive performance assessment exercise, one that ensures adequate performance differentiation between employees.
In its report, the central bank’s committee on capacity building in banks and non-banking financial entities said posts of chief learning officer should be created in commercial banks, adding those appointed to such posts should develop a ‘learnability index’, a measure of an individual’s ability to learn. This would be applied as an input to judge “promotability”, disseminate knowledge across the organisation and monitor and augment learning and sharing, it said.
LEARNING: NO FULL STOP HERE
Some key recommendations:
Create the position of “chief learning officer”, responsible for leadership development and collaborative learning in commercial banks
Banks should endeavour to expand enrolment of select internal employees as part-time faculty to provide internal support for training initiatives
To deal with talent replacement, there should be free movement of talent within the organisation for creation of a larger workforce of trained personnel
Job rotation, especially in PSBs, should not be carried in a mechanical manner but through a well laid down criterion
All banks may adopt e-learning methods and ensure that function-specific lessons are made available to its staff
Conducting a common Banking Aptitude Test (BAT) at entry levels.
“Bankers will need to specialise in different business functions, while maintaining basic general competency. Banks need to identify five-six such tracks within which the staff can be groomed,” the report said.
The panel also suggested a stronger and more competitive human resource framework for the overall skill development of banks and non-banking financial entities regulated by RBI.
The committee was set up with the objective of implementing non-legislative recommendations of the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) related to capacity building in banks and non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), streamlining training intervention and suggesting changes to address the increasing challenges in these sectors. The committee is chaired by G Gopalakrishna, former executive director of RBI.
The panel was also tasked with evolving an appropriate certification mechanism for training by examining possible incentives for undertaking certification programmes and covering all levels — from the lowest rung to the board-level.
The committee made exhaustive recommendations, after examining feedback from the banking sector and inputs from member-experts, academicians and various training/consulting institutions. In its report, it spoke about entry-point qualifications at the recruitment stage and the development of competency standards and certification/accreditation in various areas of training. It also recommended a common banking aptitude test at entry levels.
On capacity building, the report said banks should strive to expand the enrolment of select internal employees as part-time faculty to provide adequate internal support for training initiatives. “In the event of a talent crunch at middle or senior management levels, banks may consider the possibility of outsourcing various training activities, including management of their training institutes,” it said.
The committee added banks must avoid transfers for the sake of preset norms. “Job rotation in banks especially public sector banks, should not be done in a mechanical manner, but through well laid-down criteria,” it said.
It also suggested ways to address replacement of talent within banks. The panel said the lack of replacement talent was one of the biggest challenges, adding to address this, banks should develop an internal expert pool and allow free movement of talent within the organisation.
The committee has sought suggestions and comments on the recommendations by October 31.

The Journey Of Personal and Organizational Wellnessreddit
This article is also available on the Aetna Health Section website.
Personal wellness is a journey, one that can last a lifetime. My journey has led to a yoga routine where I perform asana, pranayama, meditation and Vedic chanting before work. A skiing accident in 2004 resulted in a spinal cord injury and constant pain from neuropathy. This daily practice helps alleviate my discomfort without the use of medication. It also helps me to be more centered and fully present in the moment.
My personal wellness journey has also influenced Aetna's organizational wellness. Based on my personal experience, I fully supported the development of yoga and mindfulness-based programs at Aetna. I know that some of my colleagues were rolling their eyes when they heard about it. Just because our CEO practices mindfulness and does yoga, does that mean that we have to learn? Can this really help?
The results since launching these programs in 2011 show that they do actually help. Employees participating in our initial mind-body stress reduction pilot programs (mindfulness and Viniyoga) showed significant improvements in perceived stress, with 36 and 33 percent decreases in stress levels, respectively.
Helping employees build resilience and reduce stress isn't just the right thing to do -- it can also help the bottom line. Stress is a universal issue that has a direct impact on people's health and increases health care costs. Highly stressed individuals are at greater risk for many different health conditions , such as coronary heart disease, some cancers, diabetes, depression and anxiety and obesity. The International Labour Organization estimated that 30 percent of all work-related illness is due to stress, accounting for $6.6 billion of losses in the U.S. alone. Our research supported these facts, as the participants reporting the highest stress level in Aetna's pilot programs had medical costs nearly $2,000 higher for the preceding year than those reporting the lowest stress levels.
In addition to improving health, these programs can improve employee productivity and decision-making. With the success of the pilot, the program was expanded to all Aetna employees. More than 13,000 employees have participated in one of these programs over the past three years. Participants are regaining 62 minutes per week of productivity with an approximate dollar return, in terms of productivity alone, of more than $3,000.
As a result of the success with the programs at Aetna, we have started incorporating mindfulness-based approaches into the wide range of wellness programs we offer to our employees and our customers. While these programs are all different -- some focus on coaching a healthier lifestyle, while others focus on a specific health issue like weight loss -- they share some common characteristics. The wellness programs that are most effective are simple, engaging, based on people's personal values, goal-oriented and fit into people's daily lives.
Our innovative approaches to wellness can help our employees and customers improve their health and save money. More broadly, these programs are a core element of our strategy to build healthier communities, a healthier nation and a healthier world.
More:

GM to Move Cadillac Brand HQ to New York CityAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Cadillac at a crossroads - again11
These and other issues have fueled a revolving door at the top of Cadillac. De Nysschen was recruited from Nissan Motor Co Ltd's Infiniti brand to replace Robert Ferguson, who this week was named GM's senior vice president of global public policy.
Ferguson had headed Cadillac since October 2012. His predecessor, Don Butler, departed GM last August, two weeks after the company dismissed Cadillac sales chief Chase Hawkins.
Cadillac dealers on Friday said the brand needs two things to succeed: Consistency of leadership and the opportunity to function as a stand-alone entity within GM.
Howard Drake, owner of Casa de Cadillac in Sherman Oaks, California, and a member of Cadillac's national dealer council, said the brand needs "its own team, its own resources, its own profit and loss accountability."
"Cadillac is struggling with some brand perception issues and Johan is a master brand builder," Drake said, adding that GM President Dan Ammann told dealers he plans to give de Nysschen "a lot of autonomy."
One of the new guy's first tasks will be to revamp Cadillac's sales and marketing efforts. Through the first six months, the brand saw U.S. sales fall 2 percent to 82,117, while BMW rose 12 percent to 157,382 and Mercedes 8 percent to 163,107.
Further, the two premium German brands are having trouble keeping enough product on dealers' lots. Cadillac dealers have not had that problem, with an average four months' worth of unsold cars, including nearly three years' worth of the pricy, battery-powered ELR, which was launched just six months ago and has been purchased by only 390 customers.
Sales of Cadillac's lowest priced model, the ATS sedan, also have slumped 22 percent this year, despite dealer discounts of up to $6,000. Voted North American Car of the Year in 2013, the ATS has been on the market less than two years.
BMW and Mercedes also cover the premium U.S. market with a dizzying variety of products - two for every one sold by Cadillac. BMW's U.S. models sell for $33,675 to $142,125, Mercedes' for $30,825 to $275,925. In comparison, Cadillac's relatively limited range is priced from $33,990 to $86,790.
Cadillac is getting several new products designed to broaden its appeal, especially to luxury European buyers.
The most notable of the future Cadillacs is the LTS, a flagship sedan due in late 2015 and aimed at the BMW 7 Series and Mercedes S-Class sedans.
Cadillac also plans to add a small crossover in late 2017 that is targeted at the BMW X3 and the Mercedes-Benz GLA, supplier sources said.
As the products are rolled out, Cadillac must recast and hone its marketing and advertising themes, executives said.
"There are no great brands without great products," said Cadillac's Chief Marketing Officer Uwe Ellinghaus, a former BMW marketing executive, but "even the greatest products in the world do not sell by themselves."
Rebuilding the brand's image and Americans' perception of it could be the biggest challenge for de Nysschen and his team, according to a former top GM executive.
"Cadillac has had trouble figuring out who their audience is," he said. "I hope they give de Nysschen the authority and leeway he is going to need."
(Reporting by Paul Lienert in Detroit; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)

Sen met TMC leaders before he escaped from Kolkata: Sen s driver'Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:54 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:50 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Saradha group chairman, Sudipta Sen, held meetings with Trinamool Congress general secretary, Mukul Roy, and MP Subhendu Adhikari days before escaping from Kolkata in April 2013 when his chit fund empire was crumbling all around him, Sen's driver Arvind Singh Chauhan said on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Chauhan was speaking to the media just after walking out on bail from a jail.
Though there were speculation in many circles that Roy had met Sen before he escaped from the city, this is the first time that somebody came forward to state publicly.
"I drove Sudipta Sen to the Nizam Palace office of Mukul Roy on April 5. Two days later, on April 7, Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen's office at Midland Park," said Chauhan. He also said the meeting went on for about an hour.
"Another Saradha agent of South 24 Parganas, Arindam das was also present in the meeting between Sudipta Sen and Aubhendu Adhikari on April 7," added Chauhan.
After Chauhan's allegation, while Mukul Roy kept mum, Adhikari told the media that he would move a defamation case against Chauhan.
Incidentally, Chauhan drove the car in which Sudipta Sen escaped from Kolkata on April 9. He was arrested with Sudipta Sen and Debjani Mukherjee on April 21, 2013 from Sonemarg in J&K.
Chauhan was caustic after walking out on bail. "I did not hatch any conspiracy, nor was I a part of any. All the conspirators are roaming free," remarked Chauhan on Tuesday afternoon.
Minutes after, Chauhan went to the CBI office on his own. He also told the media that he has shared all details with the CBI investigators.
Chauhan used to work for Saradha at the Delhi office and was summoned to Kolkata on April 4.
"On April 9, Sen told me that we are going out on some work. But I had no idea that he was escaping," Chauhan also commented.

Xi s advice to PLA not linked to  war  with India: China'Xi's advice to PLA not linked to 'war' with India'
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:01 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:26 IST(24/9/2014)
China on Tuesday brushed aside comments linking President Xi Jinping’s statement urging Chinese armed forces to be ready for a “regional war” to a war with India, saying it was a “wild guess”.
Advertisement
During a meeting with top officers of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) on Sunday, Xi asked them to improve their combat readiness and be ready to win a regional war. Coming at a time when Indian and Chinese soldiers were locked in a stand-off along the disputed boundary in Ladakh, the statement was interpreted as being directed at India.
The foreign ministry said China would never allow the long-pending border dispute to influence bilateral relations.
“I believe that this may be a wild guess,” said Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying. “President Xi concluded his very successful visit to India and was warmly welcomed by the Indian government and Indian people. During his visit, the two leaders reached important consensus on Sino-Indian relations.”
Chinese leaders, including Xi, had in the past brought up the issue of the PLA’s readiness for a “regional war”. Former president Hu Jintao had also talked about PLA’s combat readiness for a regional war during his tenure.
“There may be some problems between the two countries but you can be assured that the two leaders also have consensus on such issues to solve the disputes through friendly coordination and pending the final settlement, we will maintain peace and tranquillity of the border area,” the Chinese spokesperson added.
“We will never allow border area to influence Sino-India relations,” she said.
Hua said the government had taken note of reports of Chinese troops’ incursions into Indian territory.
“Through the existing mechanism we can effectively and properly manage such issues. A far as I am concerned such dispute has been managed and border area is in tranquillity,” she added.

Watch the evolution of a robotic octopusBy Rachel Feltman September 23 Follow @rachelfeltman
By adding webbing to mimic real octopode tentacles, this little bot picked up speed. It can move around 7 inches a second, and might be used to spy on marine life. (D. Tsakiris/Institute of Computer Science -- FORTH)
For the octobot seen above, a webbed membrane is key for speedy undersea movement. The webbing (which mimics similar anatomy on the common octopus) turns those eight little tentacles into one water-pushing machine, propelling it nearly twice as fast -- at around seven inches a second.
Researchers say that the octobot , which was presented at the IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems on Sept. 15, is lifelike enough not to frighten away marine life.
It's true that these clever little bots might be a good tool for exploring reefs and shorelines, but personally I'm more excited for the day they trickle down into the pool toy market.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Mangalyaan on course to enter Mars  orbit; will India make space historyMangalyaan on course to enter Mars' orbit; will India make space history?
KATY DAIGLE , AP  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 19:04 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:24 IST(24/9/2014)
With homegrown technology and a remarkably low budget of about $75 million, India was on course to become the first nation to conduct a successful Mars mission on its first try.
Mangalyaan during its Geocentric phase and Trans Mars Injection. (Source: ISRO)
If the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, settles into orbit on Wednesday morning as planned, India will join the US, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers.
The next few hours will be crucial as the Indian Space and Research Organisation commands a series of maneuvers to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
"We have to excel," space agency chief K Radhakrishnan said, adding that the mission would "establish the capabilities of India to orbit a spacecraft around Mars."
Read: School children to watch live telecast of Mangalyaan's entry into mars
If India can pull it off, it would be a major feat for the developing country of 1.2 billion people, most of which are poor. At the same time, India has a robust scientific and technical education system that has produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors.
It would also be the first success on a maiden attempt. More than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
Read: Isro successfully test-fires Mangalyaan engine, all set for Mars now
Scientists were giddy when the orbiter reached the outer sphere of Mars' gravitational pull on Monday, after the main liquid engine successfully fired after being dormant for 300 days as the satellite traveled 666 million kilometers (413 million miles) since breaking away from Earth's gravitational sphere on Dec 1.
"The spacecraft is healthy. It has completed 98 percent of its journey to Mars," Radhakrishnan said. The Indian space agency confirmed that MOM had a "perfect burn for 4 seconds as programmed" that adjusted the spaceship's trajectory.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi plans to join scientists at the agency's command center in Bangalore to monitor the satellite's final insertion into orbit on Wednesday morning.
The 1,350-kilogram (nearly 3,000-pound) orbiter would join NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday for a price tag of $671 million - nearly 10 times that of MOM's.
Maven's chief investigator, Bruce Jakosky of the University of Colorado, said the US team was rooting for the Indian mission. "We're hoping for their success," he said Monday. "We're sending them the best wishes from the entire Maven team."
There are three more satellites already circling the planet - NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Mars Odyssey, and the ESA's Mars Express. On the Martian surface, NASA's Curiosity and Opportunity rovers are rolling across rocky terrain.
India has said the spacecraft - also called Mangalyaan, meaning "Mars craft" in Hindi - is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Prayers to be held in Kerala temple for success of Mangalyaan
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It also will search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Radhakrishnan said that while the space agency hopes to soon put a rover on the Moon and to launch another space mission to study the Sun, its main focus will remain developing technologies for commercial and navigational satellite applications.

US and Arab allies launch first strikes on ISIS targets in Syriaprint
The United States and five Arab nations struck multiple ISIS targets in Syria using fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk missiles on Monday night.
Going alone in a separate action, the US struck al Qaeda operatives, also in Syria, to foil an “imminent attack”  they were planning against Americans and Western interests.
US military described the strikes as “very successful” but said they were not in a position to share precise details of the impact, apart from aerial shots of damaged ISIS facilities.
ISIS targets included fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles.
These attacks were “only the beginning” of a long and sustained campaign to degrade and destroy ISIS, Director of Operations Lt Gen William C Mayville Jr told reporters.
Syria was notified of the strikes, and was warned against engaging US aircraft. The US insisted it did not coordinate the attacks with the Assad regime, or seek its permission.
Read: Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the strikes, the first four carrying out what is being called “kinetic action”, dropping bombs.
“America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” said President Barack Obama, before leaving for UNGA on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is reaching New York for the UNGA on September 26 and comes to DC on September 29 for meetings with President Obama.
Read: Air raids may put Indian hostages at risk, worries govt
The two leaders are expected to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq, and, specifically, ISIS, which continues to hold 39 Indian citizens it captured three months ago in Mosul.
In Monday night attacks, the US-led coalition conducted 14 strikes against ISIS targets in and around Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal in Syria.
The US used “47 TLAMs (Tomahawks) launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the US Central Command area of operations”.
Th strikes were conducted in three waves. The first wave, starting at 8:30 pm US eastern (6:00 am in India), targeted Khorasan group facilities west of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
More than 40 Tomahawk missiles struck Khorasan group’s training camps, an explosives and munitions production facility, a communication building and command and control facilities.
US officials said the group, which had been under observation for a while, was in the “execution phase” of a terrorist attacks against American and western interests.
The second wave came at 9:00 pm US eastern (6:30 am in India) with F-22s (Raptors) and F-6s targeting ISIS headquarters and training compounds in northern Syria.
The third wave, that was launched just after midnight (9:30 am, India), targeted ISIS facilities in eastern Syria, and saw a  massive participation of Arab allies.
US officials said they had not targeted the ISIS leadership individually and were aware that its fighters were being dispersed to hide among civilian populations.

Coke  Pepsi Pledge to Reduce Calorie ConsumptionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Home Depots Former Head of Security Had a Legacy of SabotageYou never know who's watching those transactions.
Photo by David McNew/Getty Images
Information continues to trickle in on the Home Depot data breach, and it's an ugly one. Last week, the company confirmed that its security lapse—the biggest ever for a retailer—had compromised the credit cards of 56 million customers from April to September. The data now being sold on black markets could contribute to an estimated $3 billion in illegal purchases.
Security experts, the New York Times reported , are "flabbergasted" that Home Depot could fall victim to such an enormous breach, less than a year after Target exposed the data of 40 million consumers' cards last holiday season. But former employees of the home-improvement chain told the Times they were less surprised, and that security at Home Depot had long been "a record of missteps":
In recent years, Home Depot relied on outdated software to protect its network and scanned systems that handled customer information irregularly, those people said. Some members of its security team left as managers dismissed their concerns. Others wondered how Home Depot met industry standards for protecting customer data. One went so far as to warn friends to use cash, rather than credit cards, at the company’s stores.
Advertisement
Buried at the bottom of the Times story was another concerning detail: Ricky Joe Mitchell, the former lead security engineer at Home Depot's stores, was convicted this spring of sabotaging the security network of his previous employer.* He is now serving a four-year sentence in federal prison. Ars Technica dug up more details on Mitchell's less-than-stellar record:
When Mitchell learned he was going to be fired in June of 2012 from the oil and gas company  EnerVest Operating , he "remotely accessed EnerVest’s computer systems and reset the company’s network servers to factory settings, essentially eliminating access to all the company’s data and applications for its eastern United States operations," a Department of Justice spokesperson wrote in a release on his conviction. "Before his access to EnerVest’s offices could be terminated, Mitchell entered the office after business hours, disconnected critical pieces of … network equipment, and disabled the equipment’s cooling system."
According to Ars Technica, Mitchell also got into legal trouble over malicious technical activity in high school, when he was expelled for planting viruses in the school's computer system. He reportedly described himself on his website as someone who loved "to write and distribute Viruses." Of course people can change a lot between high school and adulthood. But between that early history and his actions at EnerVest Operating, Mitchell's employment at Home Depot isn't giving too many added votes of confidence to the company's security team.
*Correction, Sept. 23, 2014: This post previously misstated Ricky Joe Mitchell's title. He was not the head of Home Depot's IT security; he was lead security engineer.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Ambani Ruia to be part of Make in India programmeAmbani Ruia to be part of Make in India programme
Syria bombing may hit fuel price fan inflationSyria bombing may hit fuel price fan inflation
PM to inaugurate India Food Park todayPM to inaugurate India Food Park today
Saradha boss met Mukul Roy before fleeing  saysdriverPrint
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:40 am
Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen’s driver Arvind Singh Chouhan, who was released on bail on Tuesday, said he was witness to meetings between Sen and Trinamool Congress leaders Mukul Roy and Suvendu Adhikari before the former escaped to Kashmir. Chouhan’s claim vindicates suspended TMC MP Kunal Ghosh’s charge that there was a nexus between the three.
Arvind Singh Chouhan, who had driven Sen from Kolkata to Kashmir, was arrested in April along with Sen and Debjani Mukherjee.
Speaking to mediapersons after his release from Presidency Correctional Home, Chouhan said: “On April 5, I took Sudipta Sen to Nizam Palace where I saw him holding a meeting with Mukul Roy. And on April 7, late at night, I saw TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari visiting Saradha’s head office at Midland Park in Salt Lake. Saradha agent Arindam Das alias Bumba was also present there. Sen received them from the ground floor.”
“The next day, Sen told me that he would go out of the city. I did not know that Sen was talking about running away from the city. Since then he was absconding. However, the main culprits and conspirators are moving free now,” Chouhan added.
Significantly, jailed TMC MP Kunal Ghosh had also claimed that Sen met Roy before he fled.
Reacting to Chouhan’s claims, TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari said, “I do not want to comment on what a driver is saying. And I saw last year’s calender after I heard him making such allegations that April 7 was a Sunday. And on Sundays, I stay in Midnapore and hold ‘Janata Durbar’. So, it is obvious he is lying,” said Adhikari. Sources close to Adhikari said that he would be filing a defamation case against Chouhan soon.
TMC general secretary Mukul Roy, however, refused to comment on Chouhan’s claims. Sources in TMC ranks said that the party has barred all leaders from speaking on Saradha publicly.
Meanwhile, CBI Tuesday interrogated Sudipta Sen’s lawyer Naresh Baloria. According to sources, the letter which was sent to CBI by Sen was drafted by Baloria. The investigators also conducted raids at Baloria’s residence Tuesday. Notably, Mukul Roy had an office at Nizam Palace (which houses flats and office spaces for central government departments) in 2013. He was allotted the place when he was Union minister.

Mumbai-based model grilled in chit fundscamPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubneshwar | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:37 am
A day after arresting former advocate general Ashok Mohanty in connection with the chit fund scam in Orissa, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Tuesday interrogated Mumbai-based model and television serial co-producer Preeti Bhatia for her alleged links with Artha Tatwa group and its chief Pradeep Sethy.
Bhatia, who was accompanied by her friend, was questioned for over three hours at the CBI office.
Last month, the CBI had raided Bhatia’s home as well as the house of stock broker Deepak Chandratan Pareek in Mumbai. Bhatia, Sethy and one Indu Dewan were directors of Mumbai-based company Prism Heights Films & Entertainment Private Limited.
The CBI, during its interrogation of stock broker Pareek, is reported to have learnt that the directors of Artha Tatwa group spent Rs 80 lakh at a party, which was also attended by filmstars. Pareek, who was arrested on Sunday, allegedly helped Sethy’s company Artha Tatwa Capital Limited register at the Mumbai Stock Exchange.
Meanwhile, the petitioner in the Orissa chit fund case, Alok Jena on Tuesday met CBI director Ranjit Sinha in New Delhi. He demanded that the CBI interrogate expelled BJD leader Prafulla Ghadai over his revelations that several BJD ministers, MPs and MLAs are evading CBI summons to appear. Jena said 14 BJD ministers, MLAs and MPs have been served summons, but only two — Pravat Tripathy and Pranab Balbantray — appeared before the CBI.
In a related development, the Orissa State Bar Council on Tuesday decided to move the court against the arrest of former advocate general Mohanty. “The CBI has not followed proper procedure…there was no ground for taking him on a two-day remand. He was cooperating with the CBI…there was no record and evidence that he was trying to flee the state,” said Manas Ranjan Mohapatra, president of the State Bar Council.

Golden Chariot hoping for a good run this festive seasonUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:37 IST
Golden Chariot hoping for a good run this festive season
Shankar Bennur
Tweet
The luxury train will resume operations from October
Operators of the Golden Chariot, the State’s luxury train, are hoping to pull more bookings for the trips this festive season. After the monsoon break, the luxury train is operated for the remaining part of the year starting October.
Though the first trip post-monsoon does not concur with Dasara celebrations, the train will run twice next month — in the second and third week — thanks to confirmed bookings from tourists.
The Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC), which operates the Golden Chariot, in partnership with the Indian Railways, is anticipating more bookings by this month-end and early next month.
Schedule
The departures had been scheduled on October 13 (Pride of the South) and October 20 (Southern Splendour) for the seven-night and eight-day trip.
Pride of the South trip covers the State’s best-known tourist destinations such as Mysore, Kabini, Belur, Halebid, Hampi, Badami, and Aihole. The trip ends in Goa. The Southern Splendour journey starts at Bangalore, covering the historical temples of Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and backwaters of Kerala before returning to Bangalore.
Speaking to The Hindu, KSTDC Managing Director Harsha said, “The train’s run has not been scheduled for the Dasara. The trips cannot be announced within short notices as tourists have to plan their journey. Moreover, we need consent from the Railways.”
The train’s first commercial run began on March 10, 2008. “The train has about 14 guaranteed departures in a year, besides chartered trips. We need reasonable occupancy to operate the train to make the departures financially viable. Therefore, the trips are planned based on the number of bookings,” explains Poonam Bhatt, Marketing Manager, The Golden Chariot, Bangalore.
Ms. Poonam told this correspondent that bookings from international travellers for the October 20 run was good.
This trip coincides with the Diwali celebrations, which is on October 22. “We are working out special activities on board the train during the ensuing trips,” she said.
There is a special package for honeymooners and young couples for the October 13 trip, she adds.

New US F-22 jet gets first combat mission in SyriaNew US F-22 jet gets first combat mission in Syria
Market posts steepest fall in two monthsMarket posts steepest fall in two months
Problem Solver: Car warranty reimbursement guarantee...9
A man got on the phone and said he knew about Syverson's case.
"In 2010, the company he bought (the car) from changed hands," the man said. "The new owners didn't assume any of the liabilities of the previous owner. That's really all there is."
The Problem Solver asked for the man's name, but he declined to give it.
The Problem Solver then asked to speak to someone at Roto Subaru Mazda who could be quoted in the column.
"You're talking to the owner right now," the man said. "I don't want my name in there."
After the Problem Solver reiterated that a story about Syverson's experience at Roto would run Tuesday, the conversation ended.
On Monday afternoon, the Problem Solver left a message for Michael Santi, who is listed as Roto Mazda Subaru Inc.'s president on the Illinois secretary of state's website.
Santi called back and initially said he did not know if he had spoken to the Problem Solver last week. After several minutes, he then said he did remember the conversation but steadfastly maintained that repaying Syverson his $1,978 was the responsibility of the dealership's previous owner.
He said that the employee who signed Syverson's written request for the money in April no longer works for the company and that the paperwork in question means nothing.
"Unless it has my signature on it, it's not going anywhere," Santi said.
Syverson said Monday that he's not surprised the dealership wouldn't bend.
"I received the same speech (from Santi) so I understand," he said.
He still doesn't understand why Roto won't pay.
"If this was truly a liability the other company had, they would have had to notify us," Syverson said. "We would have been a creditor. That never happened."
Syverson said he just took his oldest son to college over the weekend, and he could use the $1,978. Though he could take the dealership to small claims court, Syverson said he hasn't decided if he will.
"At the end of the day, I feel (Roto's owner) knows it's not worth it to me to take it that far. He's banking on it," Syverson said. "He feels pretty comfortable in his position. I don't know if he feels just, but at least he feels he's not going to pay it."
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Qatar Airways asked to pay Rs one lakh for deficiency in serviceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee falls to 1 week low of 60.94 vs dollar as stocks dropRupee falls to 1 week low of 60.94 vs dollar as stocks drop
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 06:00 PM IST
The Indian rupee today depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the Greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82. It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.8675 and 61.0050 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise or 0.20%.
Today's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
Dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the rupee.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth this month led the Sensex and Nifty to register biggest fall in 2-1/2-months. This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value.
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth USD 11.37 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30%.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40.

HKExs stance leaves it out in the coldHKEx’s stance on voting rights leaves it out in the cold
By Jennifer Hughes
Exchange forfeits deals on one-share-one-vote principle
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04959d0a-42f0-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five Reasons Why Democracy Hasn t Fixed Inequalityreddit
One of the most longstanding hopes (on the left) and fears (on the right) about democratic politics is that voters of modest means will use their electoral weight to level the economic playing field. In a market economy, the median voter's income will invariably be below the national average creating an apparently compelling opportunity for a politics of redistribution. This makes the sustained increase in income inequality in the United States and other developed countries a bit of a puzzle. One common suggestion,  offered recently  by Eduardo Porter in The New York Times, is ignorance. Voters "don't grasp how deep inequality is."
But while Americans' understanding of economic trends is certainly imperfect, the data suggest that the broad trends are known to the population. Nathan Kelly and Peter Enns, for instance,  find  that when asked to compare the ratio of the highest paid occupation and the lowest, Americans at the bottom of the income distribution do believe inequality is high and rising. In 1987, Americans as reported that the highest-paid occupation took home 20 times what the lowest paid occupation did - by 2000, they thought the gap had grown to 74 times.
A recent Pew  survey finds  that 65% of adults agree that the gap between the rich and everyone else has increased in the past 10 years, only 8% say it has decreased. A  Gallup poll  from earlier this year suggests that 67% of Americans report that they are either "somewhat" or "very" dissatisfied with the income and wealth distribution in the U.S.
If ignorance doesn't explain inaction, what does? These five factors are the most important culprits:
1) Upward mobility
(Sean McElwee, data from Engelhardt & Wagner)
According to  research from Carina Engelhardt and Andreas Wagner , around the world people overestimate the level of upward mobility in their society.
They find that redistribution is lower then when actual social mobility is but also lower where perceived mobility is higher. Even if voters perceive the level of inequality correctly, their tendency to overstate the level of mobility can undermine support for redistribution. In another study Alberto Alesina and Eliana La Ferrara  find  that, Americans who believe that American society offers equal opportunity ( a mythology ) are more likely to oppose redistribution. Using data from 33 democracies, Elvire Guillaud  finds  that those who believe they have experienced downward mobility in the past decade are  32% more likely to support redistribution. A  relatively   strong  literature now supports this thesis.
2) Inequality undermines solidarity
Enns and Kelly find, rather counterintuitively, that when "inequality in America rises, the public responds with increased conservative sentiment." That is, higher inequality leads to less demand for redistribution. This is perhaps because as society becomes less equal, its members have less in common and find it less congenial to act in solidarity. Bo Rothstein and Eric Uslaner  argue that , "the best policy response to growing inequality is to enact universalistic social welfare programs. However, the social strains stemming from increased inequality make it almost impossible to enact such policies."
As inequality increases, the winner-take-all economy leads voters try to  look out  for their own children. The  period  during which overall inequality has risen has seen a massive increase in more affluent families' spending on enrichment for their own children.
(Sean McElwee, data from Lars Osberg)
Chris Dillow  points  to  research  by Klaus Abbink, David Masclet and Daniel Mirza who find in social science experiments that disadvantaged groups are more likely to sacrifice their wealth to reduce the wealth of the advantaged group when inequality was lower than when it was higher. Kris-Stella Trump  finds  that rising inequality  perpetuates itself , noting that, "Public ideas of what constitutes fair income inequality are influenced by actual inequality: when inequality changes, opinions regarding what is acceptable change in the same direction."
3) Political misrepresentation
Ideological factors can't tell the whole story. Many Americans support redistributive programs like the minimum wage and support for the idea that hard work leads to success has  plummeted in the last decade . A further important reason for the lack of political response to inequality relates to the structure of American political institutions, which fail to translate the desires of less-advantaged Americans for more redistribution into actual policy change. Support for this thesis comes from many corners of the political science field, including  Martin Gilens ,  Dorian Warren ,  Jacob Hacker ,  Paul Pierson , and Kay Lehman Schlozman . Research by five political scientists  finds  that status quo bias of America's often-gridlocked congress serves to entrench inequality.
More simply, lower-income Americans  tend to vote at a lower rate . William Franko, Nathan Kelly and Christopher Witko  find  that states with lower turnout inequality also have lower income inequality. Elsewhere, Franko  finds  that states with wider turnout gaps between the rich and poor are less likely to pass minimum-wage increases, have weaker anti-predatory-lending policies and have less generous health insurance programs for children in low-income families. Kim Hill, Jan Leighley and Angela Hilton-Andersson  find , "an enduring relationship between the degree of mobilization of lower-class voters and the generosity of welfare benefits." Worryingly, Frederick Solt  finds that , "citizens of states with greater income inequality are less likely to vote and that income inequality increases income bias in the electorate." That is, as inequality increases, the poor are less likely to turn out, further exacerbating inequality.
4) Interest-group politics
The decline of labor unions has decreased the political importance of poor voters, because unions were an important "get-out-the-vote" machine. A recent study by Jan Leighley and Jonathan Nagler  finds  that the decline in union strength has reduced low-income and middle-income turnout. But labor's influence (or lack thereof) is also important when the voting is done. Research  finds that  policy outcomes in the United States are heavily mediated by lobbying between interest groups, so organization matters.
Martin Gilens  writes , "Given the fact that most Americans have little independent influence on policy outcomes, interest groups like unions may be the only way to forward their economic interests and preference." His research  indicates  that unions regularly lobby in favor of policies broadly supported by Americans across the income spectrum, in contrast to business groups, which lobby in favor of policies only supported by the wealthy.
(Sean McElwee, data from Martin Gilens)
It's no surprise then that  numerous studies   have linked  the decline in union membership and influence with  rising inequality .
5) Racial conflict
A recent study by Maureen A. Craig and Jennifer A. Richeson  finds  that when white Americans are reminded that the nation is becoming more diverse, they become more conservative.  Dog-whistle  phrases like "welfare queens" have long driven whites to oppose social safety net programs  they disproportionately benefit from . Research from Donald Kinder and Cindy Kam indicates that  racial bias among white voters  is strongly correlated with hostility toward means-tested social assistance programs. Another study by Steven Beckman and Buhong Zhen  finds  that blacks are more likely to support redistribution even if their incomes are far above average and that poor whites are more likely to oppose redistribution.
In other words, a massive public education campaign about the extent of income inequality is neither necessary nor sufficient to achieve the kind of redistributive policies liberals favor. The real obstacles to policy action on inequality are more deeply ingrained in the structure of American politics, demographics, and interest group coalitions. Insofar as there is a role for better information to play, it likely relates not to inequality but tosocial mobility which remains widely misperceived and is a potent driver of feelings about the justice of economic policy. As John Steinbeck noted, "Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires." Stronger unions, more lower income voter turnout and policies to reduce the corrupting influence of money on the political process would all work to reduce inequality. It will take political mobilization, not simply voter education to achieve change. The wonks have interpreted the world; the point, however, is to change it.
This piece originally appeared on  Vox .
Follow Sean McElwee on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SeanMcElwee
More:

Wall St. little changed as energy gains offset healthcareWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Australia Adds Torture To Its List Of Things Secret Service Agents Can t DoAustralia To Prohibit Secret Service Agents From Torturing Suspected Terrorists
 | By                                                                ROD McGUIRK
reddit
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The Australian government has bent to public pressure by proposing a specific prohibition on secret service officers torturing suspected terrorists.
The government had planned to indemnify Australian Security Intelligence Organization officers against all criminal offenses committed in the course of their undercover work except for homicide, causing serious injury, sexual assault and serious damage to property.
Attorney General George Brandis announced on Monday that torture would be added to that list, after the opposition and other critics complained that ASIO officers should not be protected from legal liability for torturing suspects.
Because torture was against Australian law, no operation involving torture could ever be authorized, Brandis said.
"I've decided to add an explicit prohibition in relation to torture in so far as concerns special intelligence operations," Brandis told reporters.
"I want to stress there is absolutely no necessary legal reason to do this. I am doing so because it is something that ASIO is perfectly happy to have expressed on the face of the legislation and so as to avoid this debate being diverted by an issue that is nothing but a red herring."
ASIO's Secretary General Duncan Lewis, who took over Australia's top domestic spy agency last week, said torture was contrary to Australia's international obligations.
"The Australian Security Intelligence Organization has never practised torture, it does not practise torture and it never will," Lewis said. "And for that reason, I'm perfectly happy that this addition is placed into the proposed legislation."
George Williams, a University of New South Wales legal expert, said the amendment to specifically prohibit torture was necessary to prevent intelligence officers from being able to torture with impunity. The amendment legislation will be introduced to Parliament on Wednesday.
Williams, whose university has been studying Australian counterterrorism laws for several years, said some of the laws went too far.
He said the United States and Britain both had a higher terrorism threats than Australia, but neither country had the equivalent of Australia's preventative detention orders. Under such orders, suspected terrorists can be held for up to 14 days without charge. The suspects aren't allowed to disclose their whereabouts, even to family.
The orders, which were introduced in 2005, were used for the first time last week when police arrested 16 people during counterterrorism raids in Sydney. One man was charged with conspiring with an Islamic State movement leader in Syria to kidnap and behead a randomly selected person in Sydney. He remains in custody. Another three men were held under preventative detention orders, but have since been released.
A sunset clause means the legislation that created the orders will expire in December 2015.
The government had planned to make that legislation permanent. But Brandis said that after consultation with Muslim leaders, he had decided to include another 10-year sunset clause that will extend the legislation to 2025.
Australia raised its terror warning to the second-highest level two weeks ago in response to the domestic threat posed by supporters of the Islamic State group.
More:

The key to better biofuels could be in your gutBy Rachel Feltman September 23 Follow @rachelfeltman
Your gut microbes could help turn plants into fuel. (Bigstock)
Scientists are on the hunt for microbes that can turn plant material into simple sugars, which can in turn be fed to yeast to produce ethanol --  a low emission, renewable fuel .
According to a study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a pair of bacteria found in the human stomach might be especially adept at the task.
Lead researcher Isaac Cann , a professor of genomic biology at the University of Illinois, was looking at microbes in cows when he made the leap. "In looking for biofuels microbes in the cow rumen, we found that Prevotella bryantii, a bacterium that is known to efficiently break down (the plant fiber) hemicellulose, gears up production of one gene more than others when it is digesting plant matter," Cann said in a statement .
But when he and his team searched for genes similar to that one across the animal kingdom, human gut microbes popped up.
As it turns out, the two bacteria ( Bacteroides intestinalis and Bacteroides ovatus), which are related to the species found in cows, are actually better at breaking down plant fibers.
Cann and his team are still working on confirming just how the microbes break down fiber into simple sugar -- and whether or not the bugs in our tummies could really contribute to biofuel production.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Congress-NCP leaders fail to break deadlock over seat-sharingCongress-NCP leaders fail to break deadlock over seat-sharing
SpiceJet launches scheme for MSME travellersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Old Mutual eyes $2bn listing for US unitOld Mutual eyes $2bn listing for US unit
By Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aefdae20-4338-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fueled by drought  California experiences a particularly bad season for West Nile virusBy Abby Ohlheiser September 23 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A female Aedes aegypti mosquito is shown in this Centers for Disease Control and Prevention file photo. (James Gathany/CDC via Reuters)
There are now at least 311 human cases of the West Nile virus in California, according to the state's resource on the mosquito-spread infection . That's more than twice as many cases as there were last year at this time, and more than triple the five-year average in the state. Twelve of those infected with West Nile in the state have since died.
As it turns out, the historic drought plaguing California could be a major contributor to the increase.
Although it might seem that mosquitoes, which depend on water to breed, would suffer when there's less water on the ground, the opposite is true under the right conditions. Droughts, along with warm weather, can produce the conditions necessary for an abundance of the insects.
In the Southern California region at the center of the state's West Nile outbreak this year, the drought conditions are just right for the flourishing of a particular species of mosquito: the southern house mosquito, or ulex quinquefasciatus, which, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Roger Nasci, is a "very good vector for the disease."
Nasci, chief of the CDC's arboviral diseases branch, said in an interview that drought conditions this summer have helped "cook down" the pools of water favored by the species, so that those habitats "get nice and stagnant and stinky. This mosquito likes it a lot." The rainwater collection vessels that are popular with conservation-minded residents of drought-ridden areas, for instance, can be perfect for mosquito reproduction unless steps are taken to discourage it.
Because mosquitoes usually pick up West Nile virus from infected birds, the shortage of water also helps increase the share of insects carrying the disease. "When we have less water, birds and mosquitoes are seeking out the same water sources, and therefore are more likely to come in to closer proximity to one another, thus amplifying the virus,” California's department of public health chief Vicki Kramer told KQED .
In other words, the drought brings together a common host of the virus with the insect that transmits it to other animals, including humans.
Kramer added that stagnated backyard pools and bird baths are also perfect breeding grounds for mosquitoes. In some places, such as Orange County, local officials attempting to spray those pools with pesticides have run into an added obstacle: Foreclosed properties with abandoned pools, which create wonderful breeding grounds for mosquitoes that often go under the radar of those sweeping the area to try and prevent them.
It's been a problem in past years, as KQED noted, and continues to boost conditions for the spread of West Nile this year. There have been 116 cases of West Nile in Orange County alone this year.
A concentrated outbreak like that is "pretty characteristic of West Nile virus," the CDC's Nasci said. However, the factors at play in Southern California are hardly the only ones favorable to the spread of West Nile. The virus is found "east to west, north to south, in pretty much every ecosystem in the country," Nasci noted, with different conditions and the habits of different mosquito and bird species at play in other outbreaks.
And not all droughts are created equal as far as mosquito reproduction is concerned. "If the drought is too extreme, you don't get any mosquitoes," Nasci said. Temperature is also a factor: Mosquitoes like it warm.
When the conditions are right, however, it can produce a rapid spread of West Nile, Nasci said. "In 2012, we saw a moderate drought and high temperatures produce an explosive epidemic in the Dallas-Fort Worth area." According to the CDC , about 1,900 cases of West Nile virus were reported in the area that year. Eighty-nine people who contracted the virus that year died.

Modi to hardsell India to 17 Fortune 500 firmsModi to hardsell India to 17 Fortune 500 firms
6 years  2 rejections later  Indias largest hydro project clearedPrint
Written by Jay Mazoomdaar | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:10 am
Six years after Manmohan Singh as Prime Minister laid its foundation stone and twice denied environmental clearance, the 3000 MW Dibang hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh has been cleared by the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), subject to a reduction in the dam height by 20 m from the originally envisaged 288 m.
This clearance for India’s largest hydro project and the world’s tallest concrete gravity dam came after a September 3 letter from Nripendra Mishra, Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, to the Environment Secretary to “clear the project expeditiously” as per the decision of the Cabinet Committee on investment.
This despite the fact that on August 28, the MoEF wrote to the Arunachal Pradesh government rejecting the proposal for diverting more than 45 sq km of forest land to National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) for the project.
A day after Mishra’s letter, the Ministry revived the project by writing to the “project proponent that sensitivity analysis of reduction of dam height up to 40 m may please be submitted for further consideration”.
Incidentally, of the six FAC members whose meeting ended today, four were also part of the panel that had unanimously rejected the project in April 2014. It is not immediately clear if any of the six members registered any dissent to the clearance.
The 16,000-crore Dibang Multipurpose Project envisages a 288-metre-high dam that will submerge 40 sq km, with the reservoir extending to 43 km in Dibang river and its many tributaries. The project was rejected twice by the FAC – the original proposal in 2013 and a revised proposal with a 10-metre reduction in dam height this April.
According to a ministry note, NHPC held that it was “not in a position to reduce the height of the dam any further, as it would significantly affect power generation.” The project was first submitted for forest clearance to the MoEF in August 2011. After repeated site inspections by local forest authorities and much deliberation, the project was first rejected in July 2013 by the FAC on the ground that the ecological and social costs of diverting such a vast tract of forest land which is a major source of livelihood for the state’s tribal population would far outweigh the benefits likely to accrue from the project.
In August 2013, it was decided in a meeting between Power and Environment secretaries that the user agency would explore the possibility of reducing the requirement of forest land and a revised proposal would be submitted for forest clearance. In December 2013, the issue was discussed in the Cabinet Committee on Investment which decided that the MoEF “may grant the requisite clearance for diversion of forest land expeditiously”.
In February 2014, the Arunachal Pradesh government resubmitted the proposal by cutting the requirement of forest land from 5057 to 4578 hectare, a reduction of less than 9%. This new plan would reduce the power generation capacity by 2.3% and require felling of 3.24 lakh trees instead of 3.55 lakh estimated in the continued…

Asaram denied bail in rape case filed in RajasthanPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:05 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to grant interim bail to self-styled godman Asaram Bapu on medical grounds in connection with a sexual assault case registered in Rajasthan.
The court, after going through a report prepared by medical college at Jodhpur, noted that there did not appear any urgency to release him and that he has been on medication for the last 15 months.
The court, however, said Asaram could be allowed to get treatment at an appropriate hospital in the National Capital Region after the material witnesses in the case had been examined. It asked the state government to file a report before October 15 on the opinion of the medical board and further asked Asaram’s counsel to give the names of the hospital where the surgery can be performed.
The apex court had in August directed setting up of a board of doctors to examine 76-year-old Asaram. It had earlier refused to entertain Asaram’s bail plea in a rape case lodged against him in Surat in Gujarat but agreed to hear his petition for bail in rape case filed in Jodhpur.
Charges have been framed against Asaram for rape, criminal conspiracy and other offences by a Jodhpur court in connection with alleged sexual exploitation of a minor girl in his ashram in Jodhpur.

10 killed  100 hurt as gas cylinder explodes inside busPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:53 am
Ten passengers were killed and more than 100 were injured when a cooking gas cylinder exploded in a private bus near Buladhshahr in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. Over 70 people were brought to Delhi hospitals for treatment late on Monday night and Tuesday morning.
Bulandshahr SSP Akhilesh Meena said one of the passengers was carrying the five-kg gas cylinder. “Over a 100 passengers were squeezed into the bus and people were also seated on the roof of the bus,” he said. About 40 patients were rushed to the nearby district hospital and the critical ones were brought to Delhi, Meena said. Prima facie no foul play is being suspected.
Twenty-six patients were admitted to the Safdarjung Hospital with 17-80 per cent burns. Medical superintendent Dr Rajpal said four patients with over 50 per cent burns succumbed and several were critical.
“Even patients who have less percentage of burns have inhaled a lot of smoke, and we cannot say they are out of danger yet,” he said.
At the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, 28 patients were admitted with 10-90 per cent burns. Of these, four succumbed. Medical superintendent Dr H K Kar said, “Patients are coming to us with a high percentage of burns, with which survival rates are bleak.” Of the 16 patients admitted to Lok Nayak Hospital, two patients had died by Tuesday evening.
As relatives searched the hospitals for their loved ones, the UP government announced Rs 2 lakh each for next of kin for deceased, Rs 1 lakh each for those with severe burn injuries and Rs 50,000 each to those with minor burn injuries.

Obama says US will  take the fight  to ISISObama says US will  take the fight  to ISIS
Markets see-saw till 4 scrips save the dayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Taxing taskE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Moms Take Gun Fight To NRA s Home Turf'Badass' Moms Take Gun Fight To NRA's Home Turf
Posted:
reddit
Shannon Watts, a 43-year-old former public relations executive, has launched a grassroots campaign to dislodge the NRA from its place of dominance in state houses and Congress.
The next contender in the fight to knock the most feared lobbying association in the United States off its powerful perch is a 43-year-old former stay-at-home mother from suburban Indianapolis named Shannon Watts.
With access to Michael Bloomberg's deep pockets and the force of more than 2 million dedicated supporters, Watts in recent months convinced the CEOs of several major U.S. companies to take a stand against guns in their stores and restaurants. Her group helped get laws passed in a few states that make it harder for perpetrators of domestic violence to get firearms.
And on Tuesday, Watts' organization, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, kicks off a new campaign meant to more directly challenge the mighty National Rifle Association on the gun group's home turf: Statehouses and Congress. The group will announce its endorsements for about 110 federal and state candidates for public office, and will roll out two television ads meant to persuade voters to embrace "common sense" gun restrictions, such as expanded background checks.
"It makes our moms feel like badasses to take on the most powerful lobbying organization in the country," Watts told The Huffington Post last week.
The new push comes after the group lost some big fights to the NRA in confrontations that underscore the limits of the moms' brand of volunteer-led grassroots activism -- especially at the state level, where entrenched gun lobbyists have an outsized voice.
This month, for example, Missouri's legislature gave final approval to a law that allows school districts to arm teachers without notifying parents. It also lowers the concealed carry age to 19 and nullifies local restrictions against carrying firearms in public. The vote came after the moms bombarded legislators with Facebook messages, tweets and letters.
Lobbying disclosure records reveal that at the same time, the NRA was buying leading Missouri lawmakers lunch: $1,700 worth of food and beverages in the first half of 2014.
Watts acknowledged that the NRA has a big head start, but insisted her group has made huge strides, fueled by the enthusiasm of moms who relish the challenge of taking on the mighty NRA.
"We're tired of a vocal minority of gun extremists making all the laws," Watts said.
Before she was a thorn in the side of the NRA, Watts was a part-time public relations consultant, raising her five children in an upscale neighborhood in suburban Indianapolis.
In July 2012, her then 12-year-old son watched a newscast about the mass shooting at a theater in Aurora, Colorado. He had plans to see the movie the next day. During the show, he had a panic attack and had to leave the theater.
"The barrier of innocence was broken," Watts said. When 20 elementary school children were massacred later that year in Newtown, Connecticut, Watts said her son's reaction was even more frightening. "He didn't have a reaction at all. He realizes that this is what happens in America, that no one is safe from gun violence."
Watts did what many people do when they feel outraged: She took to Facebook, announcing her intention to launch a new group to confront the scourge of gun violence in the U.S. to a grand total of about 75 friends. "Its not like I was a social media phenom," she said. "I was just so angry and outraged that I felt that next time I'd be culpable if I did nothing."
An acquaintance who saw her post connected Watts with a woman in Brooklyn who had written something similar on her page, and Moms Demand Action was born. Watts, who had held high-profile positions at the agribusiness giant Monsanto and elsewhere, has proved a natural at serving both as a spokeswoman for the gun control movement, and its effective CEO.
Moms Demand Action now has chapters in all 50 states. Over the past 13 months, the group pushed Starbucks, Sonic, Chili's, Chipotle, Target, Jack in the Box and Panera Bread to announce they no longer welcome armed customers.
In December of last year, Watts said she was approached with an offer too good to refuse: a merger with Michael Bloomberg's Mayors Against Illegal Guns that would allow her group access to the philanthropist and former mayor's wealth. The two organizations now operate under the umbrella Everytown for Gun Safety. Bloomberg later pledged $50 million a year to take on the NRA, and candidates that support its agenda.
The merger has proved transformative, allowing Moms Demand Action to hire staff and launch expensive ad campaigns, such as a current six-figure push to convince the grocery chain Kroger to say no to guns.
It has also paid dividends for Bloomberg's mayors group, which had the support of elected officials, but not much neighborhood-level buzz. As spokespersons for the cause, moms represent a significant upgrade from the prickly Big Gulp-banning ex-mayor.
Yet there is a risk the association with Bloomberg may tarnish the moms' grassroots brand. Watts spends one day a week in New York, in a high-floor office decorated with expensive aquariums and staffed with Bloomberg confidants. Though she insisted Moms Demand Action operates independently, gun groups have played up the link to argue that the moms are nothing but a front for Bloomberg and his billions.
Watts said the moms were energized about the merger, which gives them resources to directly challenge the NRA and the lobby's long influence over the political process.
The NRA is taking Watts' rise seriously. In September, the organization's in-house magazine published a story that asserts that she is a fraud, because she did sideline PR work while describing herself as a stay-at-home mom.
The artwork that accompanied the piece depicts Watts in a 1950s housedress, surrounded by an iron, a skillet (oddly, filled with french fries) and other totems that suggest authentic moms concern themselves with cooking and cleaning, not consulting. The piece was roundly criticized as offensive and out-of-touch.
"I mean, seriously, are there no women who work at the NRA?" Watts said. "These sexist lines of attack benefit us."
Watts said she routinely receives threatening phone calls and letters. Not long ago, someone posted a doctored photo on Facebook showing her with a knife in her head and blood running down her face. (Mother Jones has extensively chronicled the threats and sexist remarks.)
"I've learned about an underbelly of America I didn't know exists," Watts said.
On Tuesday, Watts will appear in Portland, Oregon, to premier the group's ad for Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, a Democrat who has supported gun control legislation, and is seeking re-election. In the clip, Paul Kemp holds a photo of his brother-in-law Steve Forsyth, who was killed by a gunman at a Portland mall in 2012.
"It was the worst day of my life," Kemp says. "I'm a gun owner," he continues. "The majority of gun owners want background checks in place." The ad concludes with an endorsement of Kitzhaber by Moms Demand Action.
For Watts, political endorsements mark a significant departure from a low-budget strategy that has thus far relied largely on local volunteers deploying social media activism. When taking on Target, for example, the moms circulated photos that so-called open carry activists took of themselves inside the stores, toting rifles and other long guns. The jarring images (see below) went viral, along with the hashtag #OffTarget.
Politicians proved tougher to crack than CEOs, owing in part to long-established relationships between the NRA's powerful lobbying arm and lawmakers in places like Missouri.
NRA lobbyists are a "regular presence" in the state's legislative chambers, said Stacey Newman, a Democratic state representative from the St. Louis suburbs. "We have a gun bill every year," she said. "It's no secret where these ideas come from."
South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia all recently approved new laws that allow concealed weapons in bars, following big pushes by the NRA. Some version of open carry is permitted in 40 states.
Kristin Goss, a Duke University political scientist who has researched the politics of gun reform for a decade, said the NRA's might isn't just financial. Gun rights supporters are enthusiastically engaged. "They have an aura of invincibility that the other side doesn't have," Goss said.
Even in reliably blue states, there are worries that votes for gun restrictions can be hazardous. In Connecticut, Democratic Gov. Dannel Malloy is locked in a neck-and-neck fight for re-election, a year after he signed one of the toughest gun control laws in the country. (Malloy only narrowly won his office in the first place).
"For elected officials to take gun regulations seriously, especially in red or purple states, there has to be evidence that officials can vote for moderate gun control measures and survive," Goss said.
Bloomberg's initial approach to this conundrum was to declare war . "We've got to make them afraid of us," he said of lawmakers who didn't support reasonable gun restrictions like background checks.
In August, Bloomberg's political action committee invested $150,000 in ads to unseat Sheriff David Clarke , of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, who had urged people to arm themselves because "simply calling 911 and waiting is no longer your best option." Clarke survived the challenge, and later told Fox News that the public "was put off by" Bloomberg's involvement.
The endorsement campaign that rolls out this week seems to consciously chart a safer, less confrontational course. The two Moms Demand Action ads released so far are simple, but emotionally powerful testimonials in support of candidates who support the types of gun restrictions, such as background checks, that polls consistently show are backed by most Americans.
It's just the kind of common sense appeal that a veteran public relations executive might dream up.
Also on HuffPost:

Zomato buys Poland restaurant search service GastronauciE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gas price: With PM leaving for US  will Govt meet Sept 30 deadlineGovernment has narrow window for gas price as deadline looms large
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(However, Finance Minister…)
NEW DELHI: The government has a narrow window of one day to approve a new gas pricing mechanism to meet its own deadline of announcing a new rate.
The government had promised to come up with a new gas price by September end but it only has tomorrow to get it approved as Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for US on Thursday afternoon.
Tomorrow being a Wednesday is the scheduled day for holding meetings of Cabinet and its committees where the oil ministry can bring up a proposal for new gas price, officials said.
However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , who was on Sunday evening admitted to hospital for a check-up after an operation to treat his diabetes, is yet to be discharged.
He may be discharged tomorrow morning, Jaitley's aides said.
A meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) can be scheduled after his availability is confirmed, officials said.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, who has been consulting Jaitely on the issue, last met the Finance Minister late on Friday evening.
Modi, who will launch the "Make in India" campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, is scheduled to leave for US late in the afternoon that day. He will return in the evening of October 1.
So if the CCEA does not approve a new price tomorrow, it is likely that government will miss the September 30 deadline.
Officials said the entire issue is being treated with utmost secrecy and limited copies of the report of a four- member committee of secretaries that looked at the new pricing mechanism, have been made.
The Oil Ministry, they said, may even take comments on the note it has prepared for the Cabinet, based on the committee recommendation, through email to the concerned ministers, to prevent it from getting leaked.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
Though contents of the report have been kept under wraps, officials indicated that the price increase may be around 50 per cent. Most of the domestically produced gas is currently sold at a price of $4.2 per mmBtu.
The panel has tried to strike a balance between demands for a market linked rate by gas producers to make marginal and deepsea fields economically viable, and consumers in power and fertilizer sector, who have said they cannot afford any rate higher than $5.
The previous UPA government had notified the Rangarajan formula in January but before a rate could be implemented from April 1, general elections were announced and Election Commission sought postponement of its implementation.
An increase in gas price would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month told the Parliament that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $1.86 per mmBtu to $4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market.
In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $5.25 to $17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
BP, which partners Reliance Industries in KG-D6 and other blocks, stated that deeper gas fields are not viable at a price of anything less than $10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AirAsia  Jet Airways in another fare war with Rs 690  Rs 908 fares respectivelyAirAsia, Jet Airways in another fare war with Rs 690, Rs 908 fares respectively
ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
AirAsia
(Customers must book till…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways Tuesday attacked AirAsia India by offering all-inclusive fares as low as Rs 908 specifically on routes flown by the Malaysian carrier's local unit.
AirAsia retaliated later in the day undercutting Jet with flat fares starting at Rs 690, but unlike Jet, wisely kept travel dates beyond mid-January.
Jet, recently back to its number 2 position from which it was ousted in July by SpiceJet, posted its offer on Twitter earlier in the day.
The offer was on flights from Bangalore to Chennai, Chandigarh, Kochi and Jaipur the five destinations that Air Asia flies to.
Customers must book till October 5 for travel before January 15, according to more details on its website. Jet didn't announce how many tickets would be for sale.
Later, AirAsia announced it would sell 1.5 million seats on fares starting Rs 690 from Bangalore to Kochi, Goa and Chennai and Rs 2,390 to Jaipur and Chandigarh. It also launched Rs 4,999 fares from Chennai, Kochi, Trichy, Kolkata and Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok. The difference however was that this was valid for travel between January 15 and June 30.
Fare wars have been played out with unprecedented aggression this year, with airlines directly targetting specific routes either launched recently launched or promoted by its competitor.
In May, hours before AirAsia announced it would start flight bookings for maiden flights starting June 12, SpiceJet dropped fares on Bangalore-Chennai and Bangalore-Goa routes to garner traffic.
The fare wars have lead to interesting shifts in market dynamics but they have't had the crucial impact of increasing overall demand.
The latest DGCA figures for domestic air traffic showed that the number of domestic passengers between January and August only rose 5.31% to 43.3 million
Jet had been sitting out the volley of discounts and offered by low fare carriers and in August lost its number 2 position to SpiceJet.
The Naresh Goyal-controlled carrier has since given several offers starting with a 40% off on economy class fares. Last week, the carrier offered rockbottom business class fares on domestic and international flights , some even half of normal economy fares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

KG basin dispute: Australian judge made arbi...KG basin
(RIL had moved the top court…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby , a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
Kirby, a former puisne judge ( a judge other than the chief justice) of the Australian High Court, will head a panel which comprises two former chief justices of India -SP Bharucha, nominated by RIL and VN Khare, who has been named by the government.
Justice JS Khehar picked Kirby from a panel of internationally accepted arbitrators submitted by RIL after the government left it to the court's discretion.The only condition is that he should be a former judge and not a lawyer, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told Justice Khehar. The panel has to decide whether or not commitment made on gas production targets by the RIl-led consortium to the government were binding and whether the government could prevent the consortium from recovering costs if the commitments were not met.
The court proceedings also saw a confrontation between the lawyers for the government and RIL. RIL's lawyer Harish N. Salve raised the issue of the government repeatedly asking Bharucha to disclose any conflict of interest he may have in the case.
The government, Salve said, was asking the former CJI repeatedly "have you given any (legal) opinions to RIL?" "It does not behove the Union of India," Salve contended. But the SG rejected the criticism saying that that government was only insisting on "disclosure" and was well within its right to do so. "Anyway, that is not the issue in controversy here."
Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) had moved the top court requesting it to appoint a third arbitrator after Bharucha and Khare could not agree to a third arbitrator. Two such earlier attempts by the top court to appoint the third arbitrator had come to naught after the government did not agree to the names appointed by the court.The court initially appointed another Australian judge James Spigelman after ruling that the third arbitrator would have to be from a neutral nationality, and not Indian as the Indian government was insisting.
The government then protested that Spigelman figured on the top of a list of preferred arbitrators submitted by RIL to the court. The court then recalled its decision.
The second attempt to appoint an arbitrator came apart when the government trained its guns on Michael Hudson McHugh for initially refusing and then accepting assignment ostensibly at RIL's request without keeping the government in the loop. RIL had then in a plea, filed through law firm M/S Parekh & Co, RIL accused the government of "provoking the chairman (McHugh) not to accept the appointment" and submitted that the conduct of the government was in "brazen violation of the spirit of an arbitration". "The fact thatUnion of India is acting in this fashion can only be considered to be unfortunate," RIL had said. "Be that it may, the situation that now transpires is that the respondents have provoked the chairman not to accept the appointment."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Clampdown on Tax Maneuver Leaves Its MarkAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

AbbVie shares drop as tax rules cloud Shire dealAbbVie shares drop as tax rules cloud Shire deal
Abbvie
Abbvie shares dropped Tuesday after new tax rules were announced Monday.
Abbvie shares dropped Tuesday after new tax rules were announced Monday.
Pharmaceutical Industry Jack Lew
New tax rules take toll on shares of AbbVie, other drugmakers
Shares in North Chicago-based AbbVie and other drugmakers fell Tuesday after the Obama administration this week issued a string of new rules to crack down on U.S. companies that seek to cut their tax bills by moving their addresses abroad.
AbbVie shares were trading at $57.68, down 1.8 percent, Tuesday morning. Shares in drugmakers AstraZeneca and Shire fell sharply.
The new rules, effective immediately, could jeopardize an agreed deal for AbbVie to buy Irish drugmaker Shire for $55 billion and deter Pfizer from making another attempt to acquire AstraZeneca, after a $118 billion takeover attempt failed in May.
The rules, which include tweaks to five sections of the corporate tax code, aim to eliminate the major benefits for companies considering tax-avoidance maneuvers known as inversions by making the moves less profitable and more difficult to accomplish. 
Investors had been expecting some action from the Obama administration to clamp down on tax-avoidance inversions, but the steps announced Monday were more far-reaching than anticipated, analysts at Deutsche Bank said.
0
Outside of drugmakers, Burger King Worldwide and Tim Hortons on Tuesday said their $11.5 billion merger is “moving forward as planned.” 
“This deal has always been driven by long-term growth and not by tax benefits,” the companies said in a joint statement. Fast-food burger chain Burger King is in the midst of inverting to Canada in a deal with coffee and doughnut seller Tim Hortons. 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Monday the new rules seek to stem the tide of U.S. companies acquiring foreign firms in order to reincorporate in a country with lower corporate tax rates, a trend that accelerated in 2014.
The action follows months of political debate, with Democrats urging prompt legislative action and Republicans pushing to address the problem later, perhaps in 2015, as part of a broader overhaul of the loophole-riddled federal tax code.
“Inversion deals now are clearly going to be very difficult to pull off,” said Navid Malik, head of life sciences research at Cenkos Securities.
The AbbVie-Shire deal may still go ahead, though AbbVie will likely lose upside from planned tax savings. AbbVie has said the transaction, scheduled to close in the fourth quarter, would allow it to reduce its corporate tax rate to 13 percent from 22 percent in 2016.
The transaction is due to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2014.
“Shire has enough momentum in its business and a good enough pipeline that it would be attractive to AbbVie anyway,” Malik said. “The tax inversion was the icing on the cake.”
The move could kill prospects of Pfizer returning to bid for AstraZeneca at the end of November, when a six-month cooling-off period imposed by British takeover rules comes to an end and the U.S. group can publicly launch a new offer, Malik said.
Other analysts were less certain. Andrew Baum of Citi said the Treasury move would have a limited impact on the economic case for a Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal — though the threat of additional measures could give the U.S. group pause — and he still expects Pfizer to renew its bid after the Nov. 26 deadline.
Most of the new rules will not affect AbbVie’s north suburban neighbor, Horizon Pharma, which became the 14th U.S. company to complete a foreign address change since the beginning of 2012 when it closed a deal Friday and inverted to Ireland.
Reuters contributed.

Jet Airways announces 9-day ticket sale at Rs 600Jet Airways announces ticket sale at Rs 600 for Bangalore flyers
Yahoo Finance India –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014 7:05 PM IST
Print
The festive mood has hit Jet Airways; the airlined today announced nine-day secial fare offers on economy tickets for travel to and from Bengaluru. These discounted rates are available on flights to Chennai, Goa, Kochi, Jaipur and Chandigarh, reports Firstpost. The sale begins on September 22, 2014 till October 5, 2014 and are valid for travel from 15 January, 2015 only on domestic flights.
 In a major expansion drive, Jet Airways also annnounced it will enhance global connectivity by introducing four new daily direct flights to Abu Dhabi and beyond effective Nov 14, 2014.
According to the airline, it will link Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune with Abu Dhabi.
"This is truly an indication of the strong demand from the smaller metros and linking up more cities with international destinations apart from giving a boost to trade and tourism besides providing job opportunities," said Gaurang Shetty, senior vice president, commercial, Jet Airways.
The airline said that addition of these new flights will strengthen its growing international network and significantly enhance international flight connectivity to the Gulf and beyond to North America, Europe and Africa with its strategic partner, Etihad Airways.
Currently, Jet Airways operates daily flights from Delhi, Kochi, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and 11 flights a week from Mumbai to Abu Dhabi.
The airline added that it will deploy Boeing 737-800 next generation aircraft on this route.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Indian missions in China to push  Make In India  pitch | Modi to meet 15 top US honchosYou are here: Home > Collections > China
Indian missions in China to showcase 'Make In India' pitch
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 10.07PM IST
Tags:
China
(The Indian embassy is organising…)
BEIJING: India is making big preparations to showcase Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make-in-India" pitch to large investors in China by organising investment promotion events in various Chinese cities coinciding with his special global address on September 25.
The Indian embassy is organising the investment promotion events with members of various Chinese chambers and trade bodies on September 25 which would be held after the prime minister's global address, Charge d'Affaires of the embassy, Bala B Bhaskar told Indian and Chinese journalists.
Besides Chinese investors, Chinese media too is invited to take part in the event, he said.
Modi's " Make in India " address will be screened to the Chinese audience which will be followed by presentations by Indian officials on various steps initiated by the new government to remove various bottlenecks for investment promotion in India, Bhaskar said.
Similar programmes will be held by Indian consulates in Guangzhou , Shanghai and Hong Kong , he said adding that though it is a global address emphasis will be on getting more Chinese investments.
The event will be held amid the current standoff between the two militaries in Ladakh region which began before Chinese President Xi Jinping's recent visit to India.
Indian Ambassador to China, Ashok Kantha who went to New Delhi in connection Xi's visit stayed back in the capital as the two sides held consultations to resolve the issue. He is due back here to attend the event.
Bhaskar highlighted the agreements reached during Xi's visit which included setting up two Chinese investment parks in India and Beijing's commitment to invest USD 20 billion.
He urged the Chinese media to give wide coverage to Modi's address in order to get the message across to Chinese investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall St inches down after US strikes in Syria; healthcare weakWall Street inches down after US strikes in Syria; healthcare weak
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 08.31PM IST
0
Share More
Strikes pushed crude prices higher, with Brent touching a high of $97.59 and US  crude up as high as $91.90.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks inched lower open on Tuesday, as conflict in the Middle East intensified and the US Treasury's move to curb "tax inversion" deals pulled healthcare stocks lower.
The United States and Arab allies bombed Syria for the first time on Tuesday, killing scores of Islamic State fighters and members of a separate al Qaeda-linked group, opening a new front against militants by joining Syria's three-year-old civil war.
The S&P healthcare sector lost 0.2 per cent , weighed down by a 1.7 per cent fall in AbbVie to $57.73. The Obama administration took several actions late Monday that will reduce the tax benefits available to companies that have done inversion deals, while also making new inversions more difficult and potentially less rewarding.
AbbVie has agreed to a deal to acquire Shire, which fell 1.9 per cent to $251.38 in New York. Medtronic, which is working to close an inversion deal into Ireland with rival Covidien lost 3.3 per cent to $63.78.
"Those are the stocks that are weak today, any of those companies that are in the process of using an inversion tax tactic," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York.
"Most of those are healthcare names, perhaps they can justify them, but that is where we are certainly seeing some weakness day."
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 36.36 points, or 0.21 per cent , to 17,136.32, the S&P 500 was losing 3.01 points, or 0.15 per cent , to 1,991.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 1.70 points, or 0.04 per cent , to 4,529.38.
Financial data firm Markit said its preliminary or "flash" September US Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index was unchanged from August's reading of 57.9, the highest since April 2010, and a touch below the 58 estimate.
The largest per cent age gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was NQ Mobile, rising 15.6 per cent , while the largest per cent age decliner was Carmax, down 9.45 per cent after reporting disappointing quarterly results.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Grupo Aval Acciones, up 1.48 per cent to $13.70; Bank Of America , up 0.82 per cent to $17.17; and Rite Aid, up 3.82 per cent to $5.31.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo, up 1.1 per cent to $39.08; Sirius XM, up 0.9 per cent to $3.55; and APPLE, up 1.2 per cent to $102.26 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,733 to 1,189, for a 1.46-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,383 issues were falling and 1,179 advancing for a 1.17-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 2 new 52-week highs and 7 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 18 new highs and 98 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

M J Antony: Drenched in decadent doctrinesM J Antony: Drenched in decadent doctrines
M J Antony |  Sep 23, 2014 09:48 PM IST
One piece of good news after decades of independence is that some colonial anachronisms in the statutes are going to be corrected. Laws invoking His/Her Majesty, for instance, might be scrapped. One legislation dealing with the estate of our own King of Oudh will also go into oblivion. The bad news is that some of the Common Law doctrines of England still linger in legislation as well as judicial pronouncements. While references to monarchs of another age hurt only national pride, the dusty doctrines can play havoc with human rights.
The doctrine of "eminent domain" of 16th century provenance, incorporated in the land acquisition law, has impoverished many small land owners since 1894. Even its 2013 avatar, with its unwieldy name, empowers the government to compulsorily take over land for public sector undertakings.
Another dogma panting on the legal draftsmen's table is "sovereign immunity". It is based on the principle that "the King can do no wrong" and he cannot be sued in his own courts. The welfare state has kept this tenet on artificial respiration despite the Supreme Court's call since 1965 to turn off the life support. Hiccups occur in several cases even now.
It was in 1965 that a constitution bench found itself helpless to do justice when a policeman robbed a merchant of his gold and fled the country (Kasturi Lal vs State of UP). Both the Allahabad High Court and the Supreme Court ruled that the businessman's claim for compensation cannot be sustained, as the constable exercised "sovereign power" during the pretended search and seizure. The apex court stated that it was disturbed by this unsatisfactory position of law. "It is time that legislatures seriously consider whether they should not pass enactments to regulate and control the claim of immunity." It noted that even in England, where the doctrine originated, the law has changed.
Court decisions have swung to and fro according to the mind of the judges. In the 1997 case, Rajkot Muncipal Corporation vs Manjuben, the Supreme Court dealt with a case in which a tree fell on a man walking on the pavement causing his death. The widow demanded compensation. The Supreme Court rejected it stating that "the conditions in India have not developed to such an extent that a Corporation can keep constant vigil by testing the healthy condition of the trees in public places frequented by passers-by. There is no duty to maintain regular supervision thereof, though the local authority is under a duty to plant and maintain trees. There would be no Common Law right to file suit for negligence."
For half a century since the Kasturi Lal case, courts were taking different stands, sometimes strict constructionist and often moved by human rights. One set of judgments repeated the original call for a law to do away with the immunity claim, feebly but repeatedly put forward in courts by public authorities and rejected outright by judges.
Last fortnight, the Supreme Court dealt with the drowning of 22 people in 1993 while taking a joy ride in Sursagar lake in Vadodara (Vadodara Municipal Corporation vs Purshottam Murjani). The corporation denied its responsibility and passed on the blame to the contracting company that arranged the entertainment. Rejecting its stand, the judgment said: "We do not find any ground to exonerate the corporation. The activity in question was its statutory duty. Mere appointment of a contractor or employee did not absolve the corporation of its liability to supervise the boating activities... The corporation had a duty of care when the activity of plying boat is inherently dangerous."
The significance of this judgment is that it was an appeal against the award of Rs 30 lakh by the Gujarat State Consumer Commission. Consumer forums normally deal with negligence and deficiency in service. Constitutional tort (law of compensation for negligence) is the turf of high courts and the Supreme Court. Still, the Supreme Court upheld the award of the state commission. This snuffs out the defence of public authorities that they are immune from the law of torts. Insurance companies, which generally support the authorities in such circumstances, should also take note of this development. The court has sent a copy of the judgment to the Law Commission "for further necessary action". In fact, two Bills on this subject were introduced in Parliament in the 1960s', but they had lapsed.
Three years ago, the court had raised the right of the victims to the level of human rights. In that case, Municipal Corporation of Delhi vs Uphaar Tragedy Victims, 60 people died in a cinema fire due to the negligence of the authorities, including the electricity suppliers and the police. The court crafted a new rule called "public safety duty". The pity is that it is not the new doctrines attuned to modern times that prevail, but ghosts of the earlier centuries.

Healthy lifestyle key to cut heart attack risk in menHealthy lifestyle key to cut heart attack risk in men
Press Trust of India | London Sep 23, 2014 11:53 PM IST
Following a healthy lifestyle, including maintaining a healthy weight and diet, exercising, not smoking and moderating alcohol intake, could prevent four out of five coronary events in men, according to a new study.
While mortality from heart disease has declined in recent decades, with much of the reduction attributed to medical therapies, researchers said prevention through a healthy lifestyle avoids potential side effects of medication and is more cost effective for population-wide reductions in coronary heart disease.
For the study, researchers examined a population of 20,721 healthy Swedish men aged 45-79 years of age and followed them for 11 years.
Lifestyle choices were assessed through a questionnaire exploring diet, alcohol consumption, smoking status, level of physical activity and abdominal adiposity (belly fat).
Men in the study with the lowest risk were non-smokers, walked or cycled for at least 40 minutes per day, exercised at least one hour per week, had a waist circumference below 95 centimetres, consumed moderate amounts of alcohol, and followed a healthy diet with a regular consumption of fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, reduced-fat dairy products, whole grains and fish.
The researchers found a clear reduction in risk for heart attack for each individual lifestyle factor the participants practiced.
For instance having a low-risk diet together with a moderate alcohol consumption led to an estimated 35 per cent lower risk of heart attack compared to the high-risk group, those who practice none of the low-risk factors.
Men who combined the low-risk diet and moderate alcohol consumption with not smoking, being physically active and having a low amount of abdominal fat, had 86 per cent lower risk. Researchers found similar results in men with hypertension and high cholesterol levels.
"It is not surprising that healthy lifestyle choices would lead to a reduction in heart attacks," said Agneta Akesson, Associate Professor at the Institute of Environmental Medicine, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, and lead author of the study.
"What is surprising is how drastically the risk dropped due to these factors," said Akesson.
The burden of cardiovascular disease could be significantly reduced through programmes targeted to men and promoting low-risk lifestyle choices, researchers said.
Even in those who take medication, an additional reduction in risk for chronic heart disease has been observed in those with a healthy lifestyle, they said.
"It is important to note that these lifestyle behaviours are modifiable, and changing from high-risk to low-risk behaviours can have great impact on cardiovascular health," Akesson said.
"However, the best thing one can do is to adopt healthy lifestyle choices early in life," said Akesson.
The study was published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.

US  Arab allies bomb Syria  kill 120 ISIS  Qaeda terroristsprint
The United States and five Arab nations struck multiple ISIS targets in Syria using fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk missiles on Monday night.
Going alone in a separate action, the US struck al Qaeda operatives, also in Syria, to foil an “imminent attack”  they were planning against Americans and Western interests.
US military described the strikes as “very successful” but said they were not in a position to share precise details of the impact, apart from aerial shots of damaged ISIS facilities.
ISIS targets included fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles.
These attacks were “only the beginning” of a long and sustained campaign to degrade and destroy ISIS, Director of Operations Lt Gen William C Mayville Jr told reporters.
Syria was notified of the strikes, and was warned against engaging US aircraft. The US insisted it did not coordinate the attacks with the Assad regime, or seek its permission.
Read: Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the strikes, the first four carrying out what is being called “kinetic action”, dropping bombs.
“America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” said President Barack Obama, before leaving for UNGA on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is reaching New York for the UNGA on September 26 and comes to DC on September 29 for meetings with President Obama.
Read: Air raids may put Indian hostages at risk, worries govt
The two leaders are expected to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq, and, specifically, ISIS, which continues to hold 39 Indian citizens it captured three months ago in Mosul.
In Monday night attacks, the US-led coalition conducted 14 strikes against ISIS targets in and around Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal in Syria.
The US used “47 TLAMs (Tomahawks) launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the US Central Command area of operations”.
Th strikes were conducted in three waves. The first wave, starting at 8:30 pm US eastern (6:00 am in India), targeted Khorasan group facilities west of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
More than 40 Tomahawk missiles struck Khorasan group’s training camps, an explosives and munitions production facility, a communication building and command and control facilities.
US officials said the group, which had been under observation for a while, was in the “execution phase” of a terrorist attacks against American and western interests.
The second wave came at 9:00 pm US eastern (6:30 am in India) with F-22s (Raptors) and F-6s targeting ISIS headquarters and training compounds in northern Syria.
The third wave, that was launched just after midnight (9:30 am, India), targeted ISIS facilities in eastern Syria, and saw a  massive participation of Arab allies.
US officials said they had not targeted the ISIS leadership individually and were aware that its fighters were being dispersed to hide among civilian populations.

Sen met TMC leaders before he escaped from Kolkata'Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:54 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:50 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Saradha group chairman, Sudipta Sen, held meetings with Trinamool Congress general secretary, Mukul Roy, and MP Subhendu Adhikari days before escaping from Kolkata in April 2013 when his chit fund empire was crumbling all around him, Sen's driver Arvind Singh Chauhan said on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Chauhan was speaking to the media just after walking out on bail from a jail.
Though there were speculation in many circles that Roy had met Sen before he escaped from the city, this is the first time that somebody came forward to state publicly.
"I drove Sudipta Sen to the Nizam Palace office of Mukul Roy on April 5. Two days later, on April 7, Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen's office at Midland Park," said Chauhan. He also said the meeting went on for about an hour.
"Another Saradha agent of South 24 Parganas, Arindam das was also present in the meeting between Sudipta Sen and Aubhendu Adhikari on April 7," added Chauhan.
After Chauhan's allegation, while Mukul Roy kept mum, Adhikari told the media that he would move a defamation case against Chauhan.
Incidentally, Chauhan drove the car in which Sudipta Sen escaped from Kolkata on April 9. He was arrested with Sudipta Sen and Debjani Mukherjee on April 21, 2013 from Sonemarg in J&K.
Chauhan was caustic after walking out on bail. "I did not hatch any conspiracy, nor was I a part of any. All the conspirators are roaming free," remarked Chauhan on Tuesday afternoon.
Minutes after, Chauhan went to the CBI office on his own. He also told the media that he has shared all details with the CBI investigators.
Chauhan used to work for Saradha at the Delhi office and was summoned to Kolkata on April 4.
"On April 9, Sen told me that we are going out on some work. But I had no idea that he was escaping," Chauhan also commented.

VVIP chopper deal: ED makes firstarrestGautam Khaitan being taken away by ED personnel on Tuesday. ( Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:49 am
In what is the first arrest made in connection with Rs 3,600 crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case, businessman Gautam Khaitan was remanded in seven-day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody by a Delhi court.
Special public prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta, arguing for custody remand, said there is need to ascertain the concealment of proceeds of the crime — the alleged bribe money received from Italy.
“Custodial interrogation is required to identify the other beneficiaries of proceeds of crime, to ascertain the trail of money laundered as bribe and to identify the properties acquired from proceeds of crime,” the special prosecutor said in court. He also argued that custody remand was required to prevent the evidence of the offence from being tampered with and disappearing.
However, defence counsel Sidharth Luthra vehemently objected on the grounds that the alleged offence is regarding transactions in 2010 and the 2013 amendment to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act is not applicable on the said transaction.
The court has directed the Investigation Officer that the accused be examined after every 24 hours at a government hospital and to allow the family member to meet for 10 minutes daily during the custody.
Agreeing with the ED plea, Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Sanjay Khanagwal said, “In the view of the above discussion, the custody remand of the accused is necessary for just and fair investigation of the matter. Accused Gautam Khaitan is remanded for seven days.”
The ED, which has registered a report on the basis of the CBI FIR, said documents received from the Ministry of Defence allegedly reveal that Khaitan is the “key person” who knowingly assisted money laundering related to the purchase of 12 VVIP helicopters from AgustaWestland.
Khaitan was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in the chopper deal.

Man whose skullcap Modi refused is arrested for a garbaremarkMehdi Hasan with Modi in 2011; being arrested in his village Rustampura in Kheda Tuesday. ( Source: Express photo )
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:39 am
The Muslim cleric who offered Narendra Modi a skullcap three years ago was on Tuesday arrested for allegedly describing garba as entertainment for the doers of “demonic deeds”.
The Kheda district police arrested Sufi Imam Mehdi Hasan from his village Rustampura in Thasra taluka on the charge of insulting religious sentiments.
Hasan had allegedly told a local journalist on Sunday that “Garba is a not a religious festival, but a place where those who do demonic deeds visit”. News of the alleged insult to the Navratri festival spread like wildfire, and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) organised a press conference the same day to demand his arrest.
The VHP and other Hindu extremist organisations have been carrying out a shrill campaign in BJP-ruled Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to keep Muslims out of Navratri festivities.
In Madhya Pradesh, two BJP MLAs have called for barring entry of Muslims to garbas, and authorities in Indore and Ujjain have made IDs mandatory at garba venues.
Complaints against the imam were made at police stations across Gujarat, including at Nadiad and Kheda. One Ritesh Suthar, a VHP member and resident of Shriramnagar society in Thasra, filed a complaint, saying the imam had “insulted religious sentiments”.
Suthar quoted from the imam’s alleged comment reported in a local edition of the daily Sandesh on Sunday, that “rakshasi krutya karne wale garba mein aate hain (those who carry out demonic deeds visit garbas)”.
Kheda Superintendent of Police Sachin Badshah said the cleric has been booked under IPC Section 295. He is likely to be produced in the district court on Wednesday.
In 2011, Hasan offered Modi a skullcap during the Sadbhavana fasts that the then chief minister had undertaken after being cleared by the SIT
of culpability in the 2002 Gujarat riots. Modi had refused to put on the cap, and taken a sash instead.

NCPs two-CM formula stalls talks withCongPrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:34 am
The NCP Tuesday caught the Congress off guard by demanding that its candidate be the chief minister of Maharashtra for half of the five-year term if they win next month’s Assembly polls. The idea has prolonged the deadlock over seat sharing between the allies who have ruled the state since 1999.
This is the first time the NCP has made such a demand, a senior Congress leader said. The Congress camp feels that this demand is a bid by the NCP to secure more seats from its ally. “The NCP will be solely responsible if ties are snapped,” said Congress state party president Manikrao Thakre.
While the Congress says it is willing to give up more seats than the 124 it has formally offered to the NCP, talks got deferred following NCP’s formula for splitting the state’s top job. While another round of meetings was scheduled late Tuesday evening, NCP leaders said formal talks would resume only after an internal party meeting Wednesday.
NCP leaders privately admit the party had decided to climb down from its original demand for allocation of 144 seats (out of 288) and was willing to settle for 134, but the Congress poll committee chief Narayan Rane said the ally remained adamant on 144 during formal talks Tuesday.
The parties also disagree over seats that must be exchanged after both inducted sitting Independent legislators. Although they are willing to swap four seats each, the Congress has conveyed its inability to leave the Navapur and Malegaon Assembly seats in North Maharashtra.

Suresh Prabhu is Modis sherpa for G20summitPrint
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:32 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has named Suresh Prabhu as his sherpa for the Group of 20 annual summit. Sherpa is a senior official responsible for preparing the agenda for leaders to consider during the summit.
According to government sources, Suresh Prabhu has a deep understanding of global issues including energy, climate change and infrastructure. He was a Cabinet minister in the previous NDA government.
Suresh Prabhu is expected to leave for Australia later this month for the G20 sherpas’ meeting in Canberra on September 30-October 1. This will be the last G20 sherpas’ meeting before the two-day G20 Leaders Summit in Brisbane on November 15-16.
Government sources said Suresh Prabhu has already had an informal discussion with former Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, who served as then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s sherpa. He is also holding separate meetings with senior government functionaries to get a complete lowdown on the G20 targets set over the last couple of years and the progress made so far.
Suresh Prabhu is currently the chairperson of the Council on Energy, Environment and Water, and a member of the Global Advisory Council of the World Economic Forum. The sherpas’ meeting at Canberra follows the G20 Finance Ministers’ meeting in Cairns last week, where India was represented by Minister of State (Finance) Nirmala Sitharaman. Just before the G20 Leaders’ Summit on November 15-16, the G20 Finance Ministers will again meet for three days beginning November 13.

Charges framed in Rohtak shelter home sexual assaultcasePrint
Express News Service | Panchkula | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:30 am
A special CBI court Tuesday framed charges against 10 people accused of sexually abusing inmates of the Rohtak Apna Ghar shelter, which houses orphaned girls, in May 2012.
The accused include Jaswanti Devi, who was in-charge of the shelter home, her daughter Sushma alias Simmi, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan, brother Jaswant, cousin Sheela, acquaintance Roshni, driver Satish, employee Ram Prakash Saini, counsellor Veena and former Child Development Project Officer of Rohtak Angrez Kaur Hooda.
All of them have been booked for rape, abortion without consent, voluntarily causing hurt, assault or use of criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty, unlawful compulsory labour, criminal intimidation, criminal conspiracy and violation of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act and the Juvenile Justice Act.
“We will challenge the order in a higher court. The accused have been falsely implicated,” said Vishal Garg Narwana, counsel for the accused. Most charges are the same as those in the CBI chargesheet submitted to the court in August 2012. However, an additional charge of gangrape was framed against Jai Bhagwan and Satish.
The case come to light on May 9, 2012, after a team from the National Council for the Protection of Child Rights conducted a surprise raid and rescued nearly 120 inmates.

Seven bodies found  Assam flood toll rises to14Print
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:26 am
Seven bodies were fished out in flood-hit Goalpara district of Assam on Tuesday, taking the death toll in the state in the past two days to 14. Of the seven recovered bodies, four are of women. Several people are still reported to be missing.
The death toll in Goalpara alone has reached eight, while Guwahati has reported five deaths and Kamrup one. Flash floods have washed away hundreds of houses at Bolbola, Molandubi, Karmakarpara, Karipara, Udaypur, Krishnai, Dudhnoi, Rangjuli, Majgaon and other parts of Goalpara and the authorities were still struggling to assess the total damage. Also, 78 relief camps have been opened in the district.
In Guwahati, rescue and relief operations by Army and disaster relief teams continued on Tuesday.
“Though the situation in Guwahati has improved, several areas are still under water. The condition in Anilnagar locality is still bad, compelling us to request the Army for help,” said Kamrup (Metro) Deputy Commissioner M Angamuthu.
For the past two days, the state capital has been experiencing very heavy rainfall which has only worsened the situation. Official sources quoting Met department data said the city recorded 135 mm of rainfall on Monday.
“On one hand, Guwahati got heavy rain; on the other hand, there has been very heavy run-off of water from the adjoining hills of Meghalaya leading to landslides,” said the Deputy Commissioner. With people encroaching the city’s hills, incidents of landslides have also increased.
The flash floods have also caused extensive damage to the national highway that connects Guwahati with the rest of the country through Goalpara.

Ready to retreat but only if Chinese troops do:IndiaPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh , Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:25 am
With the build-up along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) on the rise, India has proposed to retreat the security forces only if the move is reciprocated from China’s side.
After four flag meetings failed to bring the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) and the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and the Indian Army to a consensus, India is going to raise this as an option at the next meeting. According to sources, both India and China are objecting to construction of military structures on respective sides of the LAC.
“So far, the four flag meetings have not yielded any result. It is not that we are going to retreat or give up on our claim but a massive buildup has been created on both sides. But there is a condition that we would do so only if it is reciprocated from the other side,” said a senior government official.
The stand-off that has continued for almost a fortnight now has worsened in the past three days with reinforcements rushed in from both sides.
Chumar, where the Indian security forces are at an advantageous position, has seen the worst stand-off in the past four days.
“We have increased the number of security personnel since Monday night. We are being aggressive but this stand-off has to end somehow,” said the official.
Meanwhile, the Chinese side on Tuesday asked for yet another flag meeting, which, according to the Indian side has “not yet been confirmed”.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Defence remained firm on its stand that “there is no change on ground” either in numerical terms meaning increase or decrease in the build up of troops or in terms of the positioning of the troops.

http://usat.ly/XWyhDaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Post to Facebook
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uDiJ1P
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes
David Carrig, USA TODAY 4:39 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Video Keywords average height Wall Street Journal FaceBook
Traders assess possible market effect as U.S. airstrikes in Syria target ISIS. Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Good morning it's Tuesday September 23 thoughts are lower at
00:03  the opening ballots trader at that US airstrike in the area
00:06  targeting I. The body began approximately 8:30 eastern last evening. The
00:11  American military along with Arab allied carried out the attack using
00:14  a -- warplanes dropping bombs remotely piloted aircraft and ships fired
00:20  cruise missiles. President Obama will be in New York today addressed
00:23  the UN general assembly. He will announce a new executive order
00:27  at the climate summit focusing on international development programs. They look
00:31  at unveiling a new average height and slap on the Wall
00:34  Street Journal is reporting the product is designed to help marketers
00:37  better target FaceBook users. And in a rare public -- Appleton
00:41  nine planes from techcrunch report. That the company will find --
00:45  shut down the apple quiet and -- the streaming service and
00:49  make it three billion dollars what apple and that it would
00:52  be at. Still unknown for the street I'm definitely have a
00:55  great trading day.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
42 CONNECT 71 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Nearly half of the Dow's 117-point drop came in the last 20 minutes of trading, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq echoing that end-of-day plunge pattern.
Investors have turned cautious as concerns over global conflicts and economic growth are resurfacing.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped more than 100 points for a second second straight day, losing 0.7% to 17,055.87.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 0.6% to 1982.77 and the Nasdaq composite index fell 0.4% to 4508.69. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq logged a third straight day of losses.
Oil prices rose as the benchmark contract for October delivery was up 55 cents, or 0.8%,  to $91.42 a barrel.  The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.54% from 2.57% Monday.
U.S. and Arab allies launch airstrikes against ISIL in Syria
Share of Alibaba (BABA) dropped for a second straight day after Friday's blockbuster stock debut. Alibaba was down 3% to $87.20.
In Europe, stocks were hurt by a report that showed that the economy of the 18-country eurozone is failing to find any renewed momentum. Britain's FTSE tumbled 1.4% to 6676.08 and Germany's DAX index dropped 1.6% to 9595.03. France's CAC 40 plunged 1.8% to 4359.35.
In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone — a closely watched gauge of business activity — fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September.
Asian markets were mixed as China's Shanghai composite index jumped 0.9% to 2309.72 on better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index fell 0.7% to 16,205.90 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.5% to 23,837.07.
U.S. markets ended lower Monday as the Dow dropped 107.06 points, or 0.6% to 17,172.68. The S&P 500 fell 16.11 points, or 0.8%, to 1994.29. The Nasdaq plunged 52.10 points, or 1.1% to 4527.69.
America's Markets
Contributing: The Associated Press
In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron flies over the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria.
(Photo: AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens)
42 CONNECT 71 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uDiJ1P
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1B3ZWPzWhy Warren Buffett hates gold
It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett.
Post to Facebook
Why Warren Buffett hates gold It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
93
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Why Warren Buffett hates gold
Matt DiLallo, The Motley Fool 8:18 a.m. EDT September 21, 2014
In this February 2010 photo provided by Donn Pearlman, the gold remains of a wooden cargo box unearthed from the SS Central America is shown at a coin collection expo in Long Beach, Calif.
(Photo: uncredited AP)
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Warren Buffett didn't become one of the greatest investors of our generation by investing in gold. In fact, he pretty much hates the shiny metal. Just take a look at part of a speech Buffett gave at Harvard in 1998 when he said of gold:
"(It) gets dug out of the ground in Africa or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head."
Buffett just doesn't get what all the fuss is about when it comes to gold. The way he sees it, the value of gold is nothing more than our stubborn willingness to protect its value.
However, that's not the worst part of gold in Buffett's view. His biggest issue is the fact that gold is just so worthless. Not in the value someone is willing to pay for an ounce of it, but in its ability to create wealth. In Buffett's opinion, gold is lazy and has no place in an investor's portfolio.
Lazy, good-for-nothing ...
Buffett hammered on gold in his 2011 shareholder letter calling it an "unproductive asset." He said that assets like gold "will never produce anything, but are purchased in the buyer's hope that someone else will pay more for them in the future." He went on to say that the owners of assets like gold "are not inspired by what the asset itself can produce -- it will remain lifeless forever -- but by the belief that others will desire it even more avidly in the future."
The problem with gold is that it has two major insurmountable shortcomings. It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. While he does allow for the caveat that gold has some small industrial and decorative use, the demand for either purpose is insufficient to use up all of the gold we are digging out of the ground just to hide it away again is a bank vault. However, his bigger issue with gold is that it can't be used to produce anything of value. Its value rises and falls based on what someone else is willing to pay for it, not based on its ability to generate income for its owner.
Productivity builds wealth, not gold
Buffett ends his diatribe on gold in that letter by contrasting it to the productive assets he prefers:
Today the world's gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it would form a cube of about 68 feet per side. (Picture it fitting comfortably within a baseball infield.) At $1,127 per ounce,  its value would be about $9.6 trillion. Call this cube pile A.
Let's now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400 million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 ExxonMobil's (the world's most profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying binge). Can you imagine an investor with $9.6 trillion selecting pile A over pile B?
And yet, investors still do choose gold over these productive assets all the time. Assets that will be producing corn and cotton and oil and gas for longer than any of our lifespans. Meanwhile, the gold will be unmoved and still incapable of producing anything. To wit Buffett said, "You can fondle the cube, but it will not respond."
Don't be fooled by gold
There's a real good reason why Warren Buffett hates gold. One who buys gold is hoping for the greater fool to buy it from them for a higher price at some future date. But that's not investing -- it's gambling.
Instead, Buffett seeks to surround himself with assets that are constantly producing value. Income that flows through the business is reinvested in new lines of business that go on to produce more income. It's a never-ending cycle where new wealth is created each and every year. It takes advantage of the wonders of compounding income and leaves behind the folly of being allured by a lazy, good-for-nothing, shiny object.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1r5jm6pFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
CDC: Ebola could infect 1.4 million people by January
If the world doesn't get the Ebola outbreak in West Africa under control quickly, the disease could last become a permanent fixture on the continent, spreading as routinely and continuosly as malaria or the
Post to Facebook
CDC: Ebola could infect 1.4 million people by January If the world doesn't get the Ebola outbreak in West Africa under control quickly, the disease could last become a permanent fixture on the continent, spreading as routinely and continuosly as malaria or the Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sjjPmY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
82
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
CDC: Ebola could infect 1.4 million people by January
Liz Szabo , USA TODAY 3:42 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
A Florida doctor who helped fight the expanding Ebola outbreak in West Africa says the disease can be stopped, but only if nations quickly step up their response and make border control a priority. (Sept. 22) AP
A health worker volunteer talks with a resident on how to prevent and identify the Ebola virus in others, and distributes bars of soap in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. Thousands of health workers began knocking on doors across Sierra Leone on Friday in search of hidden Ebola cases with the entire West African nation locked down in their homes for three days in an unprecedented effort to combat the deadly disease.
(Photo: Michael Duff AP)
3031 CONNECT 449 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 82 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If the world doesn't get the Ebola outbreak in West Africa under control quickly, the disease could become a permanent fixture in the region, spreading as routinely as malaria or the flu, the World Health Organization warns Tuesday  in a new report.
In the worst-case scenario – if nothing is done to effectively control the outbreak — there could be 1.4 million Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone by the end of January, according to a report released   Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
That sort of exponential increase in cases makes it more likely that Ebola will become entrenched in West Africa, said Robert Murphy, a professor of medicine and biomedical engineering at Northwestern University.
If there are hundreds of thousands of Ebola cases, then "many more countries will have cases, and it won't be just West Africa," Murphy said. "There is so much mobility now, this can spread anywhere."
CDC officials say it's still possible to avoid this worst-case.
"It is still possible to reverse the epidemic, and we believe this can be done if a sufficient number of all patients are effectively isolated, either in Ebola Treatment Units or in other settings, such as community-based or home care," said Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"Once a sufficient number of Ebola patients are isolated, cases will decline very rapidly – almost as rapidly as they rose. … A surge now can break the back of the epidemic."
The notion that Ebola could become endemic in West Africa —— spreading routinely, rather than in sporadic outbreaks — is "a prospect that has never before been contemplated," according to a report published online in the New England Journal of Medicine.
There could be 20,000 cases by Nov. 2, with thousands of new cases per week, the report said. About 70% of patients are dying from the illness.
"We are concerned that without a massive increase in the response, way beyond what is being planned in scale and urgency ... it will prove impossible to bring the epidemic under control," wrote disease researchers Jeremy Farrar, of the Wellcome Trust, and Peter Piot, of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, in an accompanying editorial.
The Ebola virus has caused more than 20 outbreaks in the past four decades, mostly in remote villages in Central Africa. Although some outbreaks were severe, public health officials were always able to put a stop to them -- even without effective treatments or vaccines -- by quickly and methodically diagnosing patients, making a list of everyone those patients might have exposed and then monitoring those contacts.
One hundred tons of medical supplies are being shipped from New York to Liberia and Sierra Leone.  The supplies will help medical workers prevent the spread of the disease. VPC
The current outbreak appears to have begun the same way in the West African country of Guinea, with the first cases in December. The virus spread for three months, however, before public officials realized they were dealing with an Ebola outbreak. In contrast, doctors in the Democratic Republic of Congo took just days to confirm an Ebola outbreak after seeing the first cases.
In West Africa, Ebola has now infected at least 5,864 people — killing 2,803 — in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Nigeria and Senegal, according to the WHO, which notes that the total number of cases likely is much higher, because many victims haven't yet been counted.
Farrar and Piot note that the WHO didn't declare a public health emergency until August, after the epidemic had been recognized for five months and had killed 1,000 people.
Last week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Beth Bell warned that the West African outbreak could last for years if the world doesn't halt its spread.
An undated United Methodist News Service photograph shows Martin Salia, left, performing surgery at the Kissy Hospital outside Freetown, Sierra Leone, in April. Salia died Nov. 17 while being treated at a biocontainment unit at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. 
(Photo: Mike DuBose, United Methodist News Service, via European Pressphoto Agency)
Martin Salia poses for a photograph at United Methodist Kissy Hospital outside Freetown. 
(Photo: Mike DuBose, United Methodist News Service, via European Pressphoto Agency)
Health workers unload Martin Salia, a surgeon working in Sierra Leone who had been diagnosed with Ebola, from an ambulance on Nov. 15 at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. 
(Photo: Sarah Hoffman, AP)
Tombstones mark the burial site of Ebola victims at a cemetery at the Kenama treatment center in Sierra Leone on Nov. 15. 
(Photo: Francisco Leong, AFP/Getty Images)
A nurse checks on a patient at the Kenama treatment center. 
(Photo: Francisco Leong, AFP/Getty Images)
A health worker sprays disinfectant near a mosque after the body of a man suspected of dying from the Ebola virus was washed inside before being buried on Nov. 14 in Bamako, Mali. 
(Photo: Baba Ahmed, AP)
Health workers staff a new Ebola isolation center on Nov. 11 in Bamako, Mali. 
(Photo: Alex Duval Smith, European Pressphoto Agency)
Health workers with the International Federation of the Red Cross and personnel with Doctors Without Borders take participate in a pre-deployment Ebola training exercise on Oct. 29 at Red Cross headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. 
(Photo: Fabrice Coffrini, AFP/Getty Images)
A Kenyan Port Health Services worker tells a boy to return to an observation room for Ebola screening at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi on Oct. 28. 
(Photo: Daniel Irungu, European Pressphoto Agency)
Health workers stand outside an Ebola treatment center run by Doctors Without Borders in Monrovia, Liberia, on Oct. 27. 
(Photo: Zoom Dosso, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
A photograph provided by attorney Steven Hyman shows nurse Kaci Hickox in an isolation tent on Oct. 26 at University Hospital in Newark, N.J. Hickox was quarantined in New Jersey after caring for Ebola patients in West Africa. She was being released after being symptom-free for 24 hours and will be flown to Maine. She complained that there was not a shower, flushable toilet, television or reading material in the isolation tent. 
(Photo: Steven Hyman via AP)
Nurses at the University of California Medical Center demonstrate against inadequate Ebola preparedness at their facility in San Francisco. 
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Amber Vinson, right, a Texas nurse who contracted Ebola after treating an infected patient, hugs members of her nursing team during a press conference after being released from care at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta.  
(Photo: Daniel Shirey, Getty Images)
A citizen from Mali arrives in an ambulance to Virgen de la Arrixaca hospital in Murcia, southeastern Spain.  
(Photo: Marcial Guillen, European PressPhoto Agency)
A woman carrying her child is led to an observation area  by a health official  at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in  Nairobi. 
(Photo: Tony Karumba, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Members of the Community Outreach Team hand out information about Ebola to residents outside an apartment building at 172nd Street and Stratford Avenue in New York. A 5-year-old boy who lives in the building and recently returned to New York City from the West African nation of Guinea is being tested for Ebola after he was rushed to the hospital with symptoms consistent with the disease, according to health officials. 
(Photo: Don Emmert, AFP/Getty Images)
Passengers arriving from Ethiopia pass a thermal scanner as health personnel screen people for the Ebola virus on Oct. 27 at Suvarnbhumi Airport in Bangkok, Thailand. 
(Photo: Sakchai Lalit, AP)
A health worker spray disinfectant on the body of a man who died after contracting Ebola outside Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
Health workers bury an Ebola victim outside Monrovia. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
Fullscreen
New York City Police officers stand in front of 546 West 147th Street, the apartment building of Dr. Craig Spencer on Oct. 25. Spencer, who was working in Africa with the Doctors Without Borders organization, was quarantined after showing symptoms of the virus after his return to New York City. 
(Photo: Bryan Thomas, Getty Images)
Workers from BioRecoveryCorp carry barrels from the apartment building of Ebola patient Dr. Craig Spencer on Oct. 24. 
(Photo: Frank Franklin II, AP)
A Liberian Red Cross burial team retrieves the body of a suspected victim of Ebola in Banjor. 
(Photo: Ahmed Jallanzo, epa)
Fullscreen
Members of the Department of Defense's Ebola Military Medical Support Team dress with protective gear during training at San Antonio Military Medical Centerin San Antonio on Oct. 24. The team will consist of 20 critical care nurses, 5 doctors trained in infectious disease, and 5 trainers in infectious disease protocols.  
(Photo: Eric Gay, AP)
A medical team waits in front of an ambulance during a training demonstration on handling suspected Ebola cases in Paris on Oct. 24. 
(Photo: Francois Mori, AP)
Members of the media gather in front of the closed Gutter bowling alley, where Craig Spencer bowled recently in Brooklyn, N.Y. Spencer, who tested positive as New York's first case of Ebola, is in isolation at Bellevue Hospital. 
(Photo: Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images)
A pedestrian walks past The Gutter bowling alley in the Brooklyn borough of New York. 
(Photo: John Minchillo, AP)
A newspaper vendor holds up a copy of the New York Post in New York. 
(Photo: Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Health alerts regarding people who may have traveled to particular West African countries are posted in the lobby of Bellevue Hospital in New York. Craig Spencer, a resident of New York City and a member of Doctors Without Borders, was admitted to Bellevue Thursday and has been diagnosed with Ebola. 
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
Schoolchildren wait in line to wash their hands before school Oct. 23 in Bouake, Ivory Coast. 
(Photo: Issouf Sanogo, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Women work on a protective suit for use in handling people infected with the Ebola virus in a sewing room at Lakeland Industries Inc.   Lakeland, a global manufacturer of industrial protective clothing, produces suits to be worm by healthcare workers and others being exposed to Ebola.  
(Photo: Johannes Eisele, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Spec. Jason Dumas, left, helps Spec. David Quichocho, right, with his protective boots during a training session at Ft. Carson. Both soldiers are from the 615th Engineer Company, 52nd Engineer Battalion which will be deploying approximately 160 engineers to West Africa to help with the fight against Ebola.  
(Photo: Jerilee Bennett, The Colorado Springs Gazette via AP)
A Liberian health worker disinfects a street corner where a suspected Ebola patient was picked up and taken into an ambulance to be transported to an Ebola treatment unit in Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Ahmed Jallanzo, European PressPhoto Agency)
Health workers from the Liberian Red Cross wear protective gear as they shovel sand which will be used to absorb fluids emitted from the bodies of Ebola victims in front of the ELWA 2 Ebola management center in Monrovia. 
(Photo: Zoom Dosso, AFP/Getty Images)
A German soldier is sprayed on Oct. 23 during a course in Appen, Germany, where volunteer helpers are trained for deployment to Ebola-hit countries. 
(Photo: Bodo Marks, AFP/Getty Images)
German volunteering soldiers wear protective equipment in Appen, Germany, as they take part in an intensive course to prepare volunteer helpers for their deployment in Ebola-hit countries. 
(Photo: Bodo Marks, AFP/Getty Images)
A carpenter makes caskets for sale in New Kru, Liberia, on Oct. 22. The government has ordered that the bodies of all suspected Ebola victims be cremated. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
Doctors and nurses take part in training in treating infectious diseases in an isolation room during a presentation on diagnosing and treating patients with Ebola virus symptoms in Bern, Switzerland, on Oct. 23. 
(Photo: Alessandro Della Valle, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Filipino health workers hold anti-government placards outside a public hospital intended for Ebola patients in Manila. The group criticized the government in its hope of combating and responding to the threat of Ebola, if it hits the country. Placard reads; "The government can't provide sufficient funding for Tuberculosis let alone Ebola." 
(Photo: Dennis M. Sabangan, european pressphoto agency)
The Taiwanese Centers for Disease Control displays protective gear during a demonstration on how to handle Ebola patients in Taipei, Taiwan. Taiwan has not reported any Ebola infection cases but has designated six hospitals to treat Ebola patients. 
(Photo: Taiwan CDC via European Pressphoto Agency)
Health workers carry the body on Oct. 20 of a woman suspected of contracting the Ebola virus on the outskirts of Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
Fullscreen
Ashoka Mukpo shakes hands with physician Kristina Bailey after being released from the treatment unit at the Nebraska Medical Center on Oct. 22 in Omaha. Mukpo was treated and released at UNMC after contracting Ebola in West Africa while working as a freelance journalist. 
(Photo: Taylor Wilson, Nebraska Medicine via Getty Images)
Armed forces of Liberia officer Ew Dennis speaks with community members on Oct. 18 about an Ebola treatment unit to be built in their village. 
(Photo: Craig Philbrick, U.S. Army via european pressphoto agency)
A health care worker in protective gear sprays disinfectant around the house of a person suspected to have  Ebola virus in Port Loko Community, on the outskirts of Freetown, Sierra Leone. 
(Photo: Michael Duff, AP)
Fullscreen
British Army medics board an airplane as they depart for Sierra Leone at RAF Brize Norton in Brize Norton, England. They will man the Ebola Training Academy, instructing the health care workers who will be working in the five Ebola Treatment Units the UK is currently building. 
(Photo: Matt Cardy, Getty Images)
Health workers  loadthe body of a man who is suspected to have died from Ebola in the  back of a truck in Paynesville Community on the outskirts of Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
Participants in an Ebola education session look over printed materials in New York. Thousands of participants, mostly health care workers, attended the session to review basic facts about Ebola and updated guidelines for protection against its spread.  
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
Nurse Barbara Smith demonstrates the proper way for health care workers to use personal protective equipment when dealing with Ebola during an education session in New York. 
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
Health care workers listen to speakers go over the proper techniques for treating patients during an ebola education session for health care workers at the Jacob Javits Center in New York. 
(Photo: Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Barbara Smith, left, a nurse at Mount Sinai Health Systems, and Dr. Bryan Christiansen, a member of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's Infection Control Team for the Ebola Response, demonstrate proper safety techniques during an Ebola education session for healthcare workers at the Jacobs Javits Center on Oct. 21 in New York. 
(Photo: Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
British military medics wait at a departure lounge before boarding an aircraft for Sierra Leone at Royal Air Force base Brize Norton in England. The medics from 35 Squadron, 5th Medical Regiment, will staff the Ebola Training Academy, instructing health care workers who will be working at five treatment units. 
(Photo: Matt Cardy, Getty Images)
A medical staff member gives a disinfectant to a passenger arriving from Conakry in Guinea at the airport in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. 
(Photo: Issouf Sanogo, AFP/Getty Images)
Health personnel screen arriving passengers for the Ebola virus at Toncontin International Airport on Oct. 20 in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. 
(Photo: Orlando Sierra, AFP/Getty Images)
Christine Wade, a registered nurse at the University of Texas Medical Branch, greets Carnival Magic passengers disembarking in Galveston, Texas, on Oct. 19. Nurses met passengers with Ebola virus fact sheets and to answer any questions. 
(Photo: Jennifer Reynolds, AP)
Fullscreen
Passengers leave the Carnival Magic after docking in Galveston. A Dallas lab supervisor who handled a specimen from Thomas Eric Duncan, who died last week after contracting Ebola, was in voluntary isolation in her cabin aboard the cruise ship. She tested negative. 
(Photo: Jennifer Reynolds, AP)
Tim Tuck of Oklahoma holds an Ebola virus fact sheet that crew aboard the Carnival Magic passed out to passengers disembarking in Galveston. 
(Photo: Jennifer Reynolds, AP)
The Carnival Magic docks at Pier 25 in Galveston. 
(Photo: Jennifer Reynolds, AP)
Men in hazmat suits clean the station where a person became sick at a DART train station in Dallas on Oct. 18.  The person had supposedly been at the same apartment complex where Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan was staying. 
(Photo: Larry W. Smith, European Pressphoto Agency)
A team buries the body of a woman suspected to have died from Ebola virus in Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
A Liberian health worker holds a baby infected with the Ebola virus at the Doctors Without Borders Ebola treatment center in Monrovia. 
(Photo: Zoom Dosso, AFP/Getty Images)
A man wears a mask during an anti-immigration protest by supporters of the Northern League and far-right activists on Oct. 18 in Milan. 
(Photo: Marco Bertorello,  AFP/Getty Images)
Fullscreen
A health worker takes a baby from his mother as he prepares to carry the infant to a reopened Ebola holding center on Oct. 17 in the West Point neighborhood in Monrovia, Liberia. The baby, his mother and grandmother were all taken to the Ebola center after they tested positive for a fever. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
An Ebola tracing coordinator checks the temperature of Jessica Sompon and discovers she has a fever in the West Point neighborhood in Monrovia. A family member living in the home died the previous day from Ebola. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
Family members peer into a bedroom as they wait for an Ebola burial team to remove a dead body for cremation in Monrovia. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
Ebola tracing coordinator John Mbayoh checks the temperature of a baby in the West Point neighborhood. The 2 month-old child had a fever of 100.76. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
A health worker carries a baby to a re-opened Ebola holding center. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
Health workers are sprayed with disinfectant while removing their protective clothing at an Ebola holding center. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
Fullscreen
A custodial worker leaves after cleaning Davis Elementary School in Dallas, Texas. The school was closed after it was discovered that a health care worker who treated one of the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital nurses infected with the Ebola virus lives at a home with students from the school. 
(Photo: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Employees with Cleaning Guys Environmental carry disinfecting equipment into North Belton Middle School. The Central Texas school district has temporarily closed three of its campuses after a family of four, including two students from the district, traveled on the same flight as a nurse who has since been diagnosed with Ebola. 
(Photo: Rusty Schramm, The Temple Daily Telegram, via AP)
Healthcare personnel work at an Ebola treatment center near Freetown, Sierra Leone. 
(Photo: Michael Duff, AP)
Fullscreen
An ambulance carrying Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital nurse Nina Pham leaves the Frederick Municipal Airport on Oct. 16 in Frederick, Md. Pham contracted Ebola when she was part of a team who cared for Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man who eventually died from the virus on Oct. 8. 
(Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
People for a convoy transporting Texas nurse Nina Pham after she arrived at Frederick Municipal Airport on Oct. 16 in Frederick, Md. Pham was moved to the National Institutes of Health facility in Bethesda, Md. 
(Photo: Patrick Semansky, AP)
Nina Pham, right, is guided down the stairs of an aircraft and into an ambulance at the Frederick Municipal Airport. 
(Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
Texas Health Presybterian hospital nurse Nina Pham is helped out of the back of an ambulance on the runway at Love Field airport  in Dallas. 
(Photo: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images)
Fullscreen
Hospital staffers cheer as an ambulance transporting nurse Nina Pham, who is infected with Ebola, leaves Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital for Love Field in Dallas. Dozens of co-workers gathered outside the hospital and waved signs in support as Pham was flown to a health care facility in Maryland for treatment. 
(Photo: G.J. McCarthy, The Dallas Morning News, via AP)
Texas Health Presbyterian staffers line the drive that exits the emergency room as they await an ambulance carrying Nina Pham. 
(Photo: Tony Gutierrez, AP)
Nina Pham, who contracted Ebola after treating a sick patient infected with the virus, speaks at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas before her flight to the National Institutes of Health outside Washington. 
(Photo: Dr. Gary Weinstein, Texas Health Resources, via AP)
A health care worker checks protective gear before entering an Ebola treatment center in Freetown, Sierra Leone, 
(Photo: Michael Duff, AP)
Participants are sworn in at the hearing examining the U.S. public health response to the Ebola outbreak on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. 
(Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health,  waits for the start of the hearing. 
(Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
Fauci testifies during the hearing. 
(Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
Fullscreen
After putting on their protective gear, hazmat workers on Oct. 16 prepare to enter the apartment at The Village Bend East complex where a second health care worker who has tested positive for the Ebola virus resides, in Dallas. Nurse Amber Vinson joins Nina Pham as health workers who have contracted the Ebola virus at Texas Heath Presbyterian Hospital while treating patient Thomas Eric Duncan, who has since died. 
(Photo: Mike Stone, Getty Images)
Police keep watch on a home in Tallmadge, Ohio, where Amber Joy Vinson stayed over the weekend before flying home to Dallas. 
(Photo: Tony Dejak, AP)
An ambulance carrying Amber Vinson, the second health care worker to be diagnosed with Ebola in Texas, arrives at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta. 
(Photo: David Tulis, AP)
A Liberian ambulance team transports Francis Konneh, 70, a suspected Ebola patient, from the township of West Point in Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Ahmed Jallanzo, epa)
Nigerian pupils of Powa International Childrens School wash their hands as part of the 2014 Hand Washing Day Ebola sensitization campaign in Abuja, Nigeria. 
(Photo: STR, epa)
A healthcare worker washes his hands and boots at an Ebola treatment center in the Hastings area of Freetown, Sierra Leone. 
(Photo: Michael Duff, AP)
Hazmat workers with Protect Environmental unload barrels in preparation for decontaminating an apartment at The Village Bend East apartment complex where Amber Vinson, a second health care worker who has tested positive for the Ebola virus, resides in Dallas.  
(Photo: Mike Stone, Getty Images)
A Liberian Red Cross burial team on the move to pick up a suspected Ebola victim in the impoverished area of West Point, Monrovia, Liberia. 
(Photo: Ahmed Jallanzo, epa)
Maj. Heath Holt assists Maj. Jonathon Britton with his protective suit during a training session for soldiers from the 2nd Battalion, 501st Aviation Regiment, at Fort Bliss, Texas. The unit is training for an anticipated deployment to Africa.  
(Photo: Victor Calzada, El Paso Times via AP)
Students wearing personal protective equipment participate in a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) training session for health care workers treating Ebola virus victims in Anniston, Ala. 
(Photo: Erik S. Lesser, epa)
Fullscreen
Members of the Dallas Fire-Rescue Haz Mat Unit tapes off the door of a second health care worker who tested positive for the Ebola virus on Oct. 15 at the The Village Bend East apartments in Dallas.  The worker at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital was monitoring herself for symptoms and reported a fever. She was in isolation within 90 minutes. 
(Photo: Sana Syed, City of Dallas, via AP)
Members of Dallas Fire-Rescue Haz Mat Unit prepare to decontaminate common areas near the The Village Bend East apartments in Dallas. 
(Photo: Sana Syed, City of Dallas, via AP)
Officials work to decontaminate the apartment of the second health care worker diagnosed with the Ebola virus. 
(Photo: Maj. Max Geron, Dallas Police Department)
A warning flyer informing people about a health care worker exposed to the Ebola virus was distributed to residents in an apartment complex in Dallas. 
(Photo: Maj. Max Geron, Dallas Police Department)
Hazardous material teams arrive at The Village Bend East apartments. 
(Photo: Louis DeLuca, The Dallas Morning News, via AP)
Police tape cordons off the street after a second health care worker was diagnosed with Ebola. 
(Photo: ralph Lauer, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Heinz Schuhmacher, left, and Marc Dangel, advisers for infection prevention, show how to properly put on protective garments during a demonstration on how to handle Ebola cases at the university hospital in Basel, Switzerland. The World Health Organization projects the Ebola infection rates in West Africa will rise to 5,000 to10,000 new cases a week by December. 
(Photo: Ennio Leanza, European Pressphoto Agency)
Aid workers from the Liberian Medical Renaissance League stage an Ebola awareness event in Monrovia, Liberia. The group performs street dramas to educate the public on Ebola symptoms and the handling of people who are infected with the virus. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
An aid worker from the Liberian Medical Renaissance League stages an Ebola awareness event in Monrovia. 
(Photo: John Moore, Getty Images)
People light candles at a prayer vigil for  health care worker Nina Pham at Texas Christian University in Dallas. 
(Photo: Mike Stone, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://t.in.com/1kvnFDI in aviation: Why foreign airlines are still wary of India
SBI set to publish photographs of loan defaulters
Corporate Feb 4, 2012
By R Jagannathan
Is the Sahara threat to pull out of its sponsorship of the Indian cricket team for real? Or is it merely a pressure tactic to get the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to cut it some slack on issues that it considers vital?
There is also the possibility that the group wants to conserve its resources at a time when the Supreme Court is about to pronounce its verdict in a case where Sahara companies may have to refund over Rs 17,000 crore to investors in its Optionally Fully Convertible Debentures (OFCDs), as ordered by Sebi last June.
The press release put out by the group (read here) says since the 11-year relationship between BCCI and Sahara was "one-sided", with Sahara doing all the giving and BCCI the taking, the group was calling it quits. The statement said: "We really feel such one-sided emotional relationship cannot be dragged any further. We are withdrawing from all cricket under BCCI."
In other words, it's more or less over.
Sahara has, of course, left open a small window by saying it is giving BCCI two to four months to find an alternate sponsor. If the BCCI wants to heal its relationship, it can do so in the interim.
However, if Sahara carries out its threat, the BCCI will lose over Rs 2,000 crore of revenues - on sponsorship of the Indian cricket team and some more on the withdrawal of Sahara's Indian Premier League (IPL) Pune franchise.
The press release put out by the group makes the final break seem inevitable, since it cites an entire laundry list of reasons for why it has decided on this break?
Among them: the BCCI's refusal to allow a replacement for Yuvraj, now undergoing treatment for a tumour, in the Pune IPL team. Sahara wanted the right to bid for more players at the IPL auction using the amount currently allocated to Yuvraj. The auction is underway right now. (Under IPL auction rules, each team has only a fixed purse to make bids for players, so money can be used to bid for more players only if someone else is out of the team).
However, there could be another reason for Sahara's willingness to push its grievances to breakpoint: the various court cases it has been running into over its investment schemes.
In the last few years, both the banking regulator and the market regulator - the Reserve Bank of India and Sebi - have been very critical of Sahara's money gathering schemes. While the RBI asked the group to wind up Sahara Industrial Financial Corporation - which it says it has done - Sebi has asked two Sahara group companies to return over Rs 17,000 crore of money (the exact amount is in doubt) under false pretences and by avoiding regulatory scrutiny.
In an order dated 23 June 2011, Sahara Commodity Services Corporation and Sahara Housing Investment Corporation (SHIC) were asked by Sebi to return money raised by them through optionally fully convertible debentures (OFCDs) in the form of private placement when the money was really being solicited publicly.
The case is now in the Supreme Court for a final decision, but the court has asked Sahara to show that it has the money in its pocket to repay. It wants to see "unencumbered assets" or bank guarantees before its pronounces a verdict.
So far, what Sahara has revealed in its affidavit is that the money has gone into several real estate companies (Read this and this to find out where the money is).
If Sahara is finally asked by the Supreme Court to pay, it may be either forced to liquidate its assets or find money from other sources. It could find itself in a funds crunch since realty assets cannot be sold easily in the current market.
If one assumes that the group needs to show liquid resources, opting out of its money commitments in other areas - like the sponsorship of the Indian cricket team - is one way of staying liquid in the next few months.
There is, therefore, a strong possibility that the Sahara-BCCI faceoff may have other dimensions than merely the reported "emotional" tiff between the two.

Evaluating emotional intelligenceSeptember 21, 2014 12:46 pm
Evaluating emotional intelligence can be testing
By Rhymer Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f6017b6-3f46-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Working out without a gym© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cadd70ee-4009-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iron ore miners: zombie economics© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/04d79ef4-4231-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Privatise Air India: Its now or neverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: Can Indias government be fixedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BHP split calls time on mining boom yearsBHP split calls time on mining boom years
By James Wilson and Neil Hume in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80cd894e-276d-11e4-be5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The right to forget Eric Schmidts bookI invoke the right to forget Eric Schmidt’s new book on Google
By Andrew Hill
This contribution to the ‘CEO-lit’ genre grates and cloys – it could be a sign of decline
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82ad6be4-3f55-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Calpers hedge fund exit sends a warningCalpers’ exit has sent hedge fund managers a public health warning
By Miles Johnson
Rules of engagement between public opinion and funds are shifting
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ca7ea2e-425e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Venezuela: Clorox calls it a daySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Chinas leadership needs entrepreneursChina needs entrepreneurs more than they need the Communist party
By Henny Sender
Private sector one of most encouraging signs in China today
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbed72b0-400b-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IFC launches Indias first Maharaja bondIFC launches India’s first Maharaja bond
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c19ba334-42cf-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IFC launches $2.5bn rupee bond programmeIFC launches $2.5bn rupee bond programme
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ef3a30e-2855-11e4-b085-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IFC issues renminbi green bond in LondonIFC issues renminbi green bond in London
By Thomas Hale
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7bd4186-f62f-11e3-83d3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US tax inversion curbs hit pharma sharesTax inversion crackdown hits drugmaker shares
By Andrew Ward and Miles Johnson in London, Barney Jopson in Washington and Arash Massoudi in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3b4ff1a-4303-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China hit by fresh blasts in XinjiangLast updated: May 22, 2014 7:24 am
More than 30 dead as China hit by blasts in restive Xinjiang
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5027b82e-e158-11e3-875f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Six injured in Guangzhou knife attackSix injured in Guangzhou knife attack
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cefc796c-d507-11e3-adec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Secret to Winning the Race for Talent: Purpose Is So Much More Than a PaycheckThe dynamics of the workforce are undergoing huge changes right now. The latest studies show that:
10,000 baby boomers are leaving the workforce per day now
over 50 percent of the global workforce will be made up of the Millenniums this year (2014)
Millenniums are the most educated -- yet least experienced -- we've ever seen in the workplace
60 percent of new jobs will require skills held by only 20 percent of the population
One in four CEOs said they were unable to pursue a market opportunity or have had to cancel or delay a strategic initiative because of talent challenges
One in three is concerned that skills shortages will impact their company's ability to innovate effectively
Skills shortages are seen as a top threat to business expansion
You've probably heard the term "war on talent." People in human resources have been talking about it for a decade. Well, that time is really here now. However, I'd like to challenge us to change the vocabulary around this. War has such a negative connotation.
The "Race for Talent" more aptly describes what we are facing now. Companies need strategies that will attract, develop, and retain top talent. The ones that do this well will clearly be the winners.
So the big question is: how to do this?
We're starting to see a shift from solely profit driven to purpose driven companies. There are three important reasons and perspectives for this:
1. Shareholders: There is over a decade of research showing that companies who invest in their employees, the corporate culture, and have a bigger purpose have higher profits making this good for the business, good for the employees, and good for the shareholders.
2. Customers: The market is changing. Transparency is inevitable. Trust is the new currency and customers want to support companies that they believe in and that are doing business in an ethical manner that is sustainable, not damaging, to our planet. They want a unique experience and by delivering this, it removes you from the competitive mindset that can turn a company into simply a commodity.
3. Employees: the Millennium group in particular, are becoming more interested in finding a company that gives them purpose versus just a paycheck. People want to feel like what they do matters -- it's a basic human need and many employees no longer willing to compromise their lives for just money.
Leaders who understand these trends are taking proactive actions with their companies to create a highly attractive workplace. For example, they are giving more flexibility and freedom with working hours and locations -- as long as the employees objectives are met, they get the autonomy to get the job done.
Progressive leaders are creating fun working environments. Googleplex looks like a playground for grownups. They are recognizing the accomplishments of their employees and collaboration is becoming more prevalent.
These companies have a higher purpose that goes far beyond profits. The purpose emotionally connects both internally to the employees and externally to their customers, which in turn creates higher loyalty and dedication. With TOMS, the shoes are just a means to an end in that they are making a huge positive impact in the lives of people in need -- in a fun way that means something!
The foundation to building an amazing company is to find the higher purpose for that business -- it is knowing why you do what you do. When this is communicated effectively, the business will become highly attractive to top talent and give employees a reason to stay.  Those great employees, plus the bigger purpose, will attract even more customers, sending the business into an upward spiral of growth and positive impact. And this is the secret to how you can win the race for talent!
Follow Karin Volo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/karinvolo
More:

Is the U.S. economic recovery for realIs the economic recovery real? 3 stats to watch
By Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney September 24, 2014: 12:54 PM ET
Workers apply stucco to an under construction at the Toll Brothers Inc. Jupiter Country Club housing development in Jupiter, Florida in August 2014.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
What everyone wants to know is if the economy is truly better. Is this recovery "for real"?
There is so much data on the economy now, it is hard to figure out what is most important. Last week alone exemplified the flood of numbers: the Census Bureau , Federal Reserve and Labor Department released a variety of economic data points.
The big news makers -- employment , inflation and gross domestic product -- are always important statistics, but if you really want to know where things are headed, there are a few lesser known indicators that give a fuller picture of the economy's health.
To make some sense of it all, CNNMoney surveyed numerous economists. According to the experts, keep an eye on these three things.
1. People's spending: Shoppers have a big impact on the economy. Consumption makes up over two-thirds of America's gross domestic product. The Great Recession made people a lot more cautious about buying things. And when people aren't buying, that also hurts company profits and jobs.
"You can't sustain strong economic growth without the consumer leading the way," said Sal Guatieri, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.
The question is whether buying is back.
The best way to gauge that is the monthly Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) index.
Related: Are you a home buying genius?
At the height of the recession in 2009, PCE decreased, and it still is not back to its pre-recession levels.
What most economists -- and businesses -- want to see is steadily increasing spending. But so far in 2014, there have been three months where PCE has dropped, including July. That's worse than 2013 when the PCE increased (or at least remained level) every month.
Bottom line: Not back yet
2. Home buying and building: The housing collapse was at the center of the recession. The slow recovery of the housing market serves as a microcosm of the economy's tepid comeback.
"Home ownership has historically been the single largest trigger to consumer spending," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.
People who buy homes tend to buy more of other products than non-buyers, which suggests that home buying can trigger a positive ripple effect on personal spending and jobs, Swonk says.
Economists are watching a data point known as "housing starts."
Single-family housing starts in July numbered 656,000, or about 10% higher than the same time last year, according to the Census Bureau. Still, the number of these housing starts is 50% below a typical level, says Robert Denk, senior economist at the National Association of Home Builders in Washington D.C.
Related: Housing market is a 'crapshoot'
A more normal level of housing starts would be about 1.3 million, the average between 2000 and 2003, Denk says.
"The recovery truly can't be considered complete until housing gets back on track," Denk says. "[Housing] generates jobs and it still really is that sector of the economy that hasn't fully recovered, in fact it's only halfway back."
Bottom line: Not back yet
Related: Private sector jobs are coming back
3. Manufacturing: America might be known for Silicon Valley more than steel these days, but the country still makes a lot of products.
Another indicator that holds implications for the greater economy is the PMI, an acronym for the wonky-sounding Purchasing Managers' Index (that term was actually abandoned in 2001). Created by the Institute for Supply Management, the PMI gauges manufacturing levels across the country, taking several factors into consideration, including employment and inventory levels.
In a positive sign for the recovery, the PMI hit a 12-month high in August at 59%, according to ISM. The average PMI at the recession's peak in 2009 was 46.4%. Thus far in 2014, the PMI has averaged 54.9%, signaling a healthy gain in manufacturing during the recovery.
There are some concerns that the really strong U.S. dollar could hurt manufacturing, since it makes American goods a lot more expensive to people in Europe and other parts of the world, but so far there doesn't seem to be an impact.
Bottom line: Good manufacturing rebound
First Published: September 23, 2014: 8:08 AM ET
Most Popular

Hamburg: Germanys start-up alternative© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46b99722-424b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola cases could reach 550 000 to 1.4 mn b...Ebola cases could reach 550,000 to 1.4 million by late January: Study
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.33PM IST
0
Share More
"Extensive, immediate actions - such as those already started - can bring the epidemic to a tipping point to start a rapid decline in cases," CDC said in a statement.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Between 550,000 and 1.4 million people in West Africa could be infected with the Ebola virus by January 20, 2015, according to a study published on Tuesday by researchers at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The top range of the estimate, 1.4 million, assumes that the number of cases, 5,864 according to the count kept by the World Health Organization, is significantly underreported, and that it is likely that 2.5 times as many cases, or about 15,000, have in fact occurred.
CDC emphasized that the projections, based on an epidemiological model that takes into account how many people each Ebola patient eventually infects as well as other factors, are based on data from late August. They, therefore, do not account for the recently announced US government Ebola relief effort, which includes sending 3,000 members of the armed forces to the stricken region and training 500 healthcare workers per week.
"Extensive, immediate actions - such as those already started - can bring the epidemic to a tipping point to start a rapid decline in cases," CDC said in a statement.
"A surge now can break the back of the epidemic," CDC director Dr. Thomas Frieden told reporters. "If you get enough people effectively isolated, the epidemic can be stopped," he said, adding, "I am confident the most dire projections will not come to pass" now that the international community has begun to respond.
Also on Tuesday, experts from the World Health Organization projected that Ebola outbreak could infect 20,000 people as soon as early November unless rigorous infection control measures are implemented, and might become a constant, endemic disease in the region rather than being completely eradicated.
In contrast, the WHO in late August predicted that the virus could strike 20,000 people by the middle of 2015.
The current death toll is at least 2,811 out of the reported 5,864 cases, the U.N. agency said.
According to the CDC analysis, published in the journal Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, reported cases in Liberia are doubling every 15 to 20 days, while those in Sierra Leone are doubling every 30 to 40 days.
The essence of the CDC analysis is a mathematical model, called EbolaResponse, that allows researchers to see how different actions affect the course of the epidemic.
For instance, it shows that if by late December 70 percent of Ebola patients have received treatment - or safe burial, if medical efforts fail - thereby slashing transmission rates, the epidemic begins to decrease and eventually end by late January 2015.
The model also projects that every 30-day delay in reaching that 70 percent tipping point would triple the number of daily cases at the peak of the epidemic.

WTO cuts world trade growth forecasts for  1...WTO cuts world trade growth forecasts for 2014 and 2015
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.07PM IST
Global goods trade will grow less than hoped for this year and next, and regional conflicts and Ebola outbreak are putting return to stronger growth at risk, WTO said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: Global goods trade will grow less than hoped for this year and next, and factors including regional conflicts and the Ebola outbreak are putting a quick return to stronger growth at risk, the World Trade Organization said on Tuesday.
Trade in goods will grow by 3.1 per cent this year, much less than the 4.6 per cent the WTO forecast in April. It cited "weaker-than expected GDP growth and muted import demand in the first half," according to a statement.
Trade was likely to grow 4.0 per cent in 2015 rather than the 5.3 per cent expected previously, still far below the 20-year average of 5.2 per cent and "risks abound in the form of geopolitical tensions, regional conflict and health crises (Ebola)".
WTO economists had previously seen conditions for stronger trade returning after a two-year slump, but instead it stagnated in early 2014 as import demand fell in developing countries and harsh US weather and a Japanese sales tax rise also weighed.
The possibility of worse tensions over Ukraine , a deepening Middle East conflict and increased panic caused by West Africa's Ebola outbreak have all clouded the forecast, the WTO said.
Imports into South and Central America are expected to fall by 0.7 per cent this year as economies are hit by a combination of civil conflict, weak non-fuel commodity prices and the easing of growth in Asian export markets, the WTO said.

Shocked public looks on as white tiger watches for many minutes  then kills boy at Delhi ZooShocked public looks on at gruesome scene as white tiger kills boy at Delhi Zoo
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
 

BNP Paribas chairman to step downBNP Paribas chairman Baudouin Prot to step down
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99acfc5a-4311-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Billionaires are hoarding more cashBillionaires are hoarding more cash
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 23, 2014: 2:18 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The pile of cash that billionaires dive into each night just got bigger.
Each uber wealthy person boosted their cash holdings by an average of $60 million over the past year, according to the 2014 Billionaire Census published by Wealth-X and UBS ( UBS ).
Billionaires don't typically park money in cash unless they're nervous about the market or preparing for a major investment.
And lately the stock market has been shattering all-time records and it's been relatively smooth on the economic front.
Maybe Lehman Brothers is to blame. Memories of the scary Wall Street crash six years ago continue to haunt many investors.
"We can't underestimate the impact of the global financial crisis in making many investors far more risk averse," said Kristina Hooper, U.S. investment strategist at Allianz Global Investors.
Related: Billionaire boom - Where the money is now
Cash = Nimble investing or rainy day fund: Money in the bank earns virtually nothing. But rock-bottom interest rates hasn't deterred risk-averse investors from hoarding cash.
The Wealth-X and UBS report shows that on average, $600 million, or 19%, of billionaires' assets is sitting in cash.
To put that into perspective, that's enough cash to buy the NBA's Milwaukee Bucks and still have enough left over to purchase 500,000 Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) shares.
But cash gives investors the ability to be nimble when making investments and also something to dive into on a rainy day.
"This increased liquidity signals that many billionaires are keeping their money on the sidelines and waiting for the optimal moment to make further investments," the report said.
Sign of a market top? Stock market doomsayers are constantly looking for hints of a meltdown.
Should the fact that billionaires are hoarding more cash spook everyday investors? Hooper doesn't think so.
"This trend speaks to the general skepticism about this bull market as opposed to any sign the market has topped," she said.
Related: Investors are getting nervous again
It's not just billionaires: Cash is actually the preferred asset class among most U.S. investors.
A 2013 survey of retail investors and wealthy individuals by the State Street Center for Applied Research shows a whopping 37% of their assets are sitting in cash. That compares with just 35% in stocks and 17% in bonds.
While the fear of investing may be natural given the 2008 meltdown, the preference for cash could cause problems when people approach retirement.
After all, cash doesn't earn anything, unless it's invested.
"We've seen this with so many investors who remain in cash or lack a commitment to stocks. It could be really problematic in terms of meeting long-term goals," said Hooper.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 12:36 PM ET
Most Popular

F-22 Raptor fighter makes it debut in combat over SyriaBy Dan Lamothe September 23 Follow @danlamothe
The F-22 Raptor demonstration team, from Langley Air Force Base, Va., performs for thousands during an air show at Naval Base Ventura County, Point Mugu, Calif., in 2007. After numerous delays, the F-22 made its debut in combat on Monday night over Syria. (Photo by Tech Sgt Justin D. Pyle/U.S. Air Force)
The multiple airstrikes launched on militant targets in Syria early Tuesday by the United States and five partner nations in the Middle East included a debut performance: The Air Force’s stealthy F-22A Raptor flew its first combat mission, dropping bombs on multiple targets.
The fighter jet was used as part of a second wave of strikes, said Army Lt. Gen. William C. Mayville Jr., director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. It was joined over northern Syria by F-15 Strike Eagles, F-16s, B-1 bombers and drones launched “from bases across the region” around 9 p.m. Monday Eastern Daylight Time (4 a.m. Tuesday local time).
Mayville showed media at the Pentagon on Tuesday the effects of the F-22 strikes. Photos depicted a building in Raqqah, in north-central Syria, where the Islamic State militant group maintained a headquarters. The strike targeted only the right side, where the “command and control center” was, Mayville said.
Photo shows before and after photos of target by #F22 . This was the first time the F22 was used in a combat role. pic.twitter.com/bMma8rxnsK
— U.S. Dept of Defense (@DeptofDefense) September 23, 2014
The plane, primarily built by Lockheed Martin with support from Boeing and other contractors, has a history marked by its expensive cost and difficulties with maintenance . Funding for the program was cut in 2009 , resulting in the Air Force receiving the last of its 187 Raptors in 2012. The program is expected to cost at least $67 billion.
The first F-22 flew in 1997. The plane was not used over Iraq, Afghanistan or Libya, and it was mired in controversy after a fighter pilot was killed in a Nov. 16, 2010, crash in Alaska. Air Force officials attributed the crash to pilot error, but the Defense Department inspector general later determined that the service’s investigation was riddled with inaccuracies. In 2012, then-Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta ordered the Air Force to curtail F-22 flights until it had installed backup oxygen generators in the plane after pilots complained about fainting in the cockpit.
Over Syria, the F-22A gives the United States a jet that is hard to see on radar and that can carry air-to-air missiles and bombs that can be guided on target with global positioning systems. One concern about flying over Syria is the country’s relatively robust radar and air defense system, but Mayville said Tuesday that the government’s radar could be characterized as passive, a possible sign that the Syrian regime agreed not to target U.S. and partner aircraft.
The U.S. Central Command released video of overnight U.S. operations in Syria on Tuesday. The military airstrikes included the use of Tomahawk cruise missiles launched by the U.S. Navy from the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. (U.S. CENTCOM)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Why Are Fast Food Workers Being Vilifiedreddit
The efforts of fast food workers around the country to bring attention to their low wages earlier this month have generated much media attention.
Conservative writer Deborah Simmons puts voice to a common complaint among advocates of keeping wages low in her article titled "Fast-food jobs a good start, not a career." It should be noted that a few years ago, due to an exceedingly high turnover rate, McDonald's actually started a campaign to convince employees to turn their job into a career. Obviously not every employee can become a manager, but McDonald's certainly wouldn't be the first company to dangle the carrot of promotion to retain good staff at lower rates. Additionally, the fact that only 30 percent of McDonald's staff consists of teenagers suggests there is a need for fast food companies to have a certain percentage of their staff that makes "flipping burgers" at the very least a short-term career, because as a pure cost consideration hiring teenagers who can work for as little as $4.25 makes far more sense.
The next question Simmons asks is, do these employees deserve $15 per hour for "slinging burgers or plopping a basket of fries into a deep fryer"? Unfortunately, this flippant question completely misses the value of the average McDonald's employee. Imagine if someone did the same analysis of Mrs. Simmons job. She gets paid to have an opinion and write about it. Anyone can do that, so does she really "deserve" the wages she makes? The question isn't how many people can do the job but rather how many people can do the job well.
Yes, most anyone can take an order but how many people can take your order quickly, correctly, and provide a positive customer interaction? Do you have to have a degree from an Ivy League college to work the front of a McDonald's? Nope. But you can bet that nearly everyone currently working a McDonald's cash register can do it better than Deborah Simmons, despite her obvious educational advantage.
Having said that, neither what a McDonald's job is "meant to be" or how much someone "deserves" to sling burgers is the reason these employees are asking for a raise. They want a raise because they have helped McDonald's achieve staggering profits and they would like their fair share.
Another concern regarding an increase in wages for fast food employees is that it would increase prices and put stores out of business. While this is certainly possible, McDonald's currently operates with a 20% profit margin. Perhaps rather than raise the cost of the Big Mac they can just cut into the nearly $1 per unit profit they make and share that with employees. It is also true that even with higher wages and only small price increases, McDonald's manages to make more profit at their European locations.
Still others complain that increasing wages will result in fewer employees because these companies will automate. The reality is that companies are looking for ways to cut costs and almost none of them get panned by supporters of free market capitalism. Their sudden concern for the employment levels of low wage workers seems completely disingenuous.
Farmers have eliminated vast numbers of jobs over the years due to advancements in equipment. Are there people clamoring for a return to using oxen to till the fields because it would create jobs? Think of all of increase in employment we could create if we just paid people to move products from the manufacturer to the seller using bicycles instead of those job killing semi-trucks. But even when automation does occur it doesn't necessarily lead to massive layoffs. The invention of ATM has not led to the demise of bank tellers, for instance.
Rather than feigning concern about the number of people employed in the fast food industry, we should be outraged that its low wages cost taxpayers some $7 billion per year, since 52% of families of fast food workers get at least one form of government assistance.
The fight for $15 isn't about retaining a certain number of jobs. It is about providing a wage that a person can live on. If your starter job barely covers your basic needs, how are you supposed to get that elusive college degree that is your path to a better life? If you have to work two jobs just to make ends meet, when are you supposed to spend time with your family and make sure your kids have a better life? If you get low pay and little to no benefits, how are you supposed to prevent an injury or illness from bankrupting you?
But perhaps the favorite talking point for those in support of low wages is the idea that raising wages would hurt the franchisees (small business owners) not the corporation. Apparently, the corporation can't spare a dime of its $8.5 billion in profit to assist each store with possible wage hikes. Apparently, increasing dividend payments for shareholders to $3.5 billion is better for business than rewarding employees with increased pay. Apparently McDonalds' executive team feels no responsibility for a five-year downward sales trend as they still managed to take home as much as $67 million in compensation.
Of course the irony is that employees aren't the only ones at McDonald's that feel they deserve a greater share of the profits. The very franchisees that talking heads claim to be so concerned about are upset with corporate for cutting into their margins with recent increases in franchise fees, fees that are aimed at making McDonald's bottom line look better to investors at the expense of employees and franchisees.
And while employees organizing to negotiate a better deal represents the worst of capitalism to some, it should be noted that franchisees are attempting to do the very same thing. Don't these franchise owners know that in the free market, it is each man for himself? Don't they know that by getting together and demanding more money, they will ultimately destroy McDonald's? Don't they get that McDonald's needs $8.5 billion in profit to survive? How can these small business owners be so naïve, and selfish?
In the end McDonald's, their franchisees, and their employees all want the same thing -- more money. The problem is that unless they all work together to find a way to increase earnings the current model only provides so much profit and for one party to make more it means another party has to accept less. History shows that Henry Ford doubled wages and still managed to increase profits. Are we really supposed to believe McDonald's can't spend a single penny more on workers without going bankrupt or ruining the U.S. economy?
Follow Dale Hansen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DaleHansenDNews
More:

Modi s US visit won t be as fruitful as Xi s trip to IndiaModi s US visit won t be as fruitful as Xi s trip to India
Mexico Sees Sign of Hope for Monarch ButterfliesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

French honour for Indianorigin UK bizman LalwaniFrench honour for Indianorigin UK bizman Lalwani
Focus of Tesco woes shifts to chairmanTesco shareholders shift focus to chairman after profits overstatement
By David Oakley and Andrea Felsted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbead64a-433c-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN chief welcomes airstrikes in SyriaUN chief welcomes airstrikes in Syria
Govt gets NPPA to back off  controls on 7% of market to goNarendra Modi govt gets NPPA to back off, controls on 7% of market to go
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 04:01  IST
Sep 24 2014, 04:01  IST
 

Obama offers pregnant Chelsea his motorcadeObama offers pregnant Chelsea his motorcade
FIR  probe must in encounters:SCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:22 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that henceforth all encounter killings by police will be thoroughly investigated after registration of FIRs to “bring to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands”.
Issuing detailed guidelines, the court held an “independent investigation into the encounter shall be conducted by the CID or police team of another police station under the supervision of a senior officer — at least a level above the head of the police party engaged in the encounter”.
“We are of the view that it would be useful and effective to structure appropriate guidelines to restore faith of the people in police force. In a society governed by rule of law, it is imperative that extra-judicial killings are properly and independently investigated so that justice may be done,” said a bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha.
The probe report shall be forwarded to the court concerned so that a magisterial inquiry is carried out and a final report, in the form of a chargesheet or a closure report, is presented, it said.
“No out-of-turn promotion or instant gallantry rewards shall be bestowed on the concerned officers soon after the occurrence. It must be ensured at all costs that such rewards are given or recommended only when the gallantry of the concerned officers is established beyond doubt,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman.
The bench said, “The killings in police encounters affect the credibility of the rule of law and the administration of the criminal justice system. It is the constitutional duty of this court to put in place certain guidelines adherence to which would help in bringing to justice the perpetrators of the crime who take law in their own hands.”
It said that if an incriminating chargesheet is filed against the police officers, the trial must be concluded expeditiously, apart from initiating disciplinary action against such officers and placing them under suspension.
The bench said the trial court shall grant compensation to the dependants of the encounter victim under Section 357-A of the IPC. The relatives of a victim can also approach a sessions court if the authorities fail to comply with the Supreme Court directives on either starting a probe or conducting it impartially.
The court said that if a police officer was found to be prima facie accused of an offence, he or she will surrender his or her weapons and any other material, subject to the rights against self-incrimination. An intimation about the incident, the court said, must also be sent to the police officer’s family and legal assistance should also be provided if asked for.
The court was hearing petitions by NGO People’s Union for Civil Liberties, which had raised the issue of genuineness or otherwise of nearly 99 encounters between the Mumbai Police and alleged criminals resulting in death of about 135 persons between 1995 and 1997.
The court regretted that in spite of Constitutional and statutory provisions aimed at safeguarding the personal liberty and life of continued…

US Treasury moves against tax-avoidance inversiondealsPrint
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:22 am
Moving against tax avoidance by corporations, the Obama administration took several actions on Monday to curb “inversion” deals that allow companies to escape high US taxes by reincorporating abroad.
The treasury department announced new rules, effective immediately, that will reduce the tax benefits available to companies that have inverted, while also making new inversions more difficult to do and less potentially rewarding.
Because they took effect on Monday, the new rules might raise issues for some of a handful of companies that have agreed to do inversions, but have not yet completed them. Fast-food chain Burger King Worldwide Inc is in the midst of inverting to Canada in a deal with coffee-and-donuts vendor Tim Hortons. A spokeswoman for Burger King said the company declined to comment.
Asked about the impact on pending deals, a senior Treasury official s said, “If they are closed and done as of today, then they are not subject to this. If they are closed tomorrow or after, they are subject to this.” President Barack Obama, who has sharply criticised inverting companies, said the Treasury Department’s steps would “discourage companies from taking advantage of corporate inversions — moving their tax residence overseas on paper to avoid paying their fair share in taxes here at home.”
The announcement of the rules followed months of growing concern on Capitol Hill, with Democrats urging prompt legislative action and Republicans pushing to address the problem later.
Shares of ‘inversion’ candidates slide
LONDON/NEW YORK: The US Treasury’s move wiped a combined $12.3 billion off the shares of nearly a dozen companies on both sides of the Atlantic on Tuesday, as investors reacted to the surprisingly far-reaching action.
Burger King, which is in the process of an inversion deal with Canada’s Tim Horton’s, said Tuesday it would proceed with its $11.5 billion deal despite the Treasury actions.
Nonetheless, the shares of some companies involved in or interested in merger deals were dealt strong blows. In London, AstraZeneca slid 3.6 per cent, while Shire fell 2.5 per cent.
AbbVie slid 1.7 per cent in midday US trading, while Pfizer dipped about 0.3 per cent.
Tim Horton was the only stock in the group to gain on the day. Reuters

MCX-SX to become Metropolitan StockExchangePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:20 am
MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX) has received approval from capital markets regulator Sebi to rename itself as Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India or mSXI.
After reclassifying MCX and Financial Technologies as non-promoters, MCX Stock Exchange had last month firmed up plans for a name change and move out its head office from Jignesh Shah-owned Exchange Square at city suburb Andheri.
The change of its name is a part of the turnaround strategy to give the exchange a new identity, disassociate from its original promoters and shift to a phase of high growth.

RBI panel gives roadmap for bank directorsqualificationPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:19 am
A panel set up by the Reserve Bank of India has proposed that the Government and the RBI should consider laying a road map for prescribing certain specific qualification or certification while considering appointment of directors on the board of commercial banks.
It also proposed that a Banking Aptitude Test as national, online test can be conducted for entry-level recruitment in banks.
The panel said some form of training intervention and a new forum could be considered for members on the boards of banks. “These training inputs could be administered by various organisations including RBI, the banks concerned themselves, specialised training on areas like treasury management, foreign exchange etc by such institutions as NIBM, IIBF, CAFRAL etc. Banks could also consider deputing them to institutions in India and abroad for embellishing their banking skills,” the ‘Committee on Capacity Building in Banks and Non-banks’, headed by G Gopalakrishna, former executive director, Reserve Bank of India.
The panel’s proposals come against the backdrop of allegations that the directors appointed by the government on banks are from political or cultural background without any banking experience.
“To provide a forum for further exchange of information and best practices among the Board member fraternity, a formal Forum for Board Members could be instituted under the aegis of CAFRAL which could meet periodically to discuss matters of contemporary relevance,” it said.
The committee also said that a good induction process will go a long way in welcoming a newly appointed director and impressing upon him or her expectations of the bank as also the regulator. It also recommended a formal and systematic induction process and the details of specific areas in which the new inductees to the board can be sensitised.
On the Banking Aptitude Test, it said the BAT score can be designed to provide an insight into the candidate’s aptitude for banking.

Digital India: Centre to replicate Jharkhands permit websitenationwidePrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:16 am
In a bid to make the delivery of services efficient and transparent, the Centre is planning to enable online availing of certain services, beginning with permits, across states.
The efforts are a part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Digital India” campaign, which is aimed at ensuring that government services are available to citizens online.
The process of applying and issuing permits online will be modelled on a similar experiment started in Jharkhand recently. The website — permitonline.jharkhand.gov.in — allows one to apply and receive permits related to commercial tax, excise and mining.
According to senior officials in the Ministry of Information and Technology, efforts are now on to replicate this at the national level by enabling each state to start such websites.
“A meeting of state IT secretaries will be called soon where this idea would be shared and we will offer all help to initiate it in their respective states…The Centre will fund the replication,” a senior official said.
The dashboard on the Jharkhand government’s website enables real-time tracking of the status of the permit and shows statistics of the number of permits issued on a certain day, week, month and so on, along with a break down of the category of permits. It also gives a graphical representation of department-wise and permit-wise activity on daily basis. It further gives a breakdown of the district-wise pending excise permit list. Officials say this has helped reduce fraud and misuse that seeps in with permits issued manually.
The Centre is also proposing to replicate another
online initiative of the Jharkhand government — checkpost.jharkhandgov.in — across states. This enables real-time tracking of the movement of commercial vehicles that enter the state, giving information on which vehicle crossed a particular check-post and the vehicles that were detained for defaulting on any count.
“We are essentially collecting the best practices in online/electronic initiatives started by states and trying to replicate them nationwide under the Digital India initiative,” a senior official said.
As reported by The Indian Express last month, the NDA government has already launched an “attendance website” to serve as a centralised database for all central government employees. The website — attendance.gov.in — is modelled on the lines of attendance websites of the Jharkhand government and the Department of Electronics and Information Technology.

Two youths injured in acidattackPrint
Express News Service | Patna | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:16 am
Two youths were injured at Hajipur in Bihar on Monday evening after they were attacked with acid, in a case of personal enmity. One of the two youths is critically injured and has been admitted to the Sadar hospital in the district headquarters.
Police said the attack took place at Tangaul area of Nagar police station when five people went into the house of one Sanjiv Sharma, who was sitting with his neighbour Jayram Sharma. Sanjiv told police that the five youths threw acid on them, thereby injuring the whole face of Jayram and the right shoulder and stomach of Sanjiv. The duo was immediately rushed to the hospital.
Doctors at Sadar hospital said Jayram suffered serious injuries on face, partly damaging his eye sight. Sanjiv told police that two of the five attackers were one Ramchandra Sahni and his son Luv Sahni. Sanjiv’s family had old disputes with the Sahnis. No arrest has been made yet.

Ajit Singh supporters lay siege to DelhiNEW DELHI, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 03:28 IST
Ajit Singh supporters lay siege to Delhi
Shubhomoy Sikdar
The Hindu Rashtriya Lok Dal supporters being detained in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
TOPICS
politics
Police foiled a proposed mahapanchayat at his bungalow
The Delhi Police foiled a proposed mahapanchayat at 12 Tughlaq Road, the bungalow occupied until recently by Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) leader Ajit Singh, by supporters of the Jat leader who were demanding its conversion into a memorial for his father and former Prime Minister Charan Singh.
The mahapanchayat was called by the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) and the RLD. Barricades to prevent hundreds of activists from reaching the mahapanchayat affected vehicular movement on several connected Lutyens’ Zone streets.
The recent eviction of Charan Singh’s son and the former Union Minister from the bungalow has triggered a series of protests in parts of Uttar Pradesh and Delhi. During one such protest held at Muradnagar, activists unsuccessfully tried to cut off water supply to Delhi from the Gang Nahar plant.
Fearing a repeat, the Delhi Police had imposed Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code in New Delhi, but the activists, who had come from Uttar Pradesh, Delhi and Haryana, defied prohibitory orders and tried to march towards the bungalow. Mr. Ajit Singh and his son Jayant Chaudhary, however, stayed away from the mahapanchayat.
Fearing the situation might go out of hand due to the arrival of a large number of protesters, the police blocked entry to Tughlaq Road from Aurobindo Marg and Akbar Road. Activists of the two parties were also detained at Prithviraj Road, Safdarjung Road, Man Singh Road and several other adjoining roads here. As a measure of abundant precaution, the Race Course metro station was also closed from 8.30 a.m.
By 2.30 p.m., the police had detained close to 250 demonstrators and took them to Parliament Street and Tilak Marg police stations. But those detained remained defiant and accused the Centre of not respecting the legacy of Charan Singh, whom they described as the “greatest farmer leader” the country has ever produced.
Some also said the move to evict Mr. Ajit Singh from the bungalow could have adverse effect on the BJP’s electoral prospects in the Haryana Assembly elections, because of the RLD leader’s clout in the State. They threatened that more agitations will be launched on the issue in the days to come.

Editorial: Out of this worldE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A Burger King-Tim Hortons deal seems like it should be...3
Burger King's "inversion piece … exists, but it's not to the extent that some of the other deals have been announced, certainly, have in terms of savings," Christopher Geier, in charge of the investment banking practice at Sikich, a professional services firm headquartered in Naperville, told my colleague Jessica Wohl. This deal "probably has more to do with the business case and what they believe those two brands can do together, would be my guess."
Specifically, there is potential for co-branding and leveraging its new size for added muscle and cost savings in everything from the supply chain to real estate.
Now, if Burger King were yanking Tim Hortons' headquarters out of Canada, I'd bet dollars to doughnuts that would be a different situation. It certainly was when Ohio-based Wendy's acquired Tim Hortons in 1995, trying to achieve many of the same goals that Burger King is.
America isn't as infatuated with Burger King, which had about $8.5 billion in U.S. sales last year. That's just ahead of No. 3 Wendy's, which had about $8.35 billion in U.S. sales, while No. 1 McDonald's racked up nearly $36 billion in sales in this country.
Canada is on a first-name basis with Tim's.
"Tim's is as Canadian as maple syrup, poutine and freezing one's derriere off watching kids play hockey in a cold arena on a January weekend morning," a National Post editorial said in 2009, when the chain repatriated in Canada 14 years after being pulled across the border.
The Post said the homecoming seemed "only natural" given its dominance in its native land, where it was selling seven of every 10 retail cups of coffee and had more than twice as many outlets across the provinces as McDonald's.
But the newspaper knew that sentimental loyalty wasn't what brought Hortons back. Canadian federal corporate taxes, which had been 22 percent in 2007, were on their way down to 15 percent by 2012, making the old home a lot more hospitable.
From a business standpoint, what's changed on both sides of the border since Wendy's failed experiment with Tim Hortons is that breakfast, where Hortons excels, has grown only more important to fast-food bottom lines in the interim. Burger King can learn not only from Wendy's mistakes, but from what rivals have done.
If McDonald's can sell McCafe coffee in grocery stores, there's no reason Burger King couldn't sell Tim Hortons coffee in its restaurants and elsewhere.
Personally, I've found it takes a night out in Canada to fully appreciate a morning coffee in a Hortons. Throw in a paper Burger King crown, and maybe there's something there to get excited about.
But here in Chicago, it takes a lot to get pulses to quicken these days. The market for doughnuts may not be as saturated as their fat, but past experiences with everything from crullers to cupcakes have hardened our hearts a bit.
You want us really interested? Bring us something truly new, and maybe bring us a stent.

Deutsches Fitschen charged over Kirch caseDeutsche Bank’s Jürgen Fitschen charged over Kirch case
By Alice Ross and Daniel Schäfer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e3925ba-430f-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What Apple spends to build each iPhone 6Click to email this to a friend
Apple spends $200 to $247 in parts and labor to build an iPhone 6 , a teardown analysis of the device due to be released later today shows.
For the larger iPhone 6 Plus , the costs begin at $216 for the starting model and go as high as $263 for the 128 gigabyte model. The estimates by the research firm IHS, shared exclusively with Re/code and CNBC* ahead of release, include the cost of labor associated with assembly as between $4 and $4.50 for each device.
iPhone 6 models sell for between $649 and $849 without a contract. The iPhone 6 Plus models with the larger display sell for $749 and $949 without a contract.
Apple charges $100 to $200 more for iPhone models with higher memory capacity. But Apple’s cost for the additional memory is about $47 more for the 128GB versions than for the 16GB versions.
The result is profit margins that are slightly higher — by about one percent — on the 128GB models than on the 16GB models: About 70 percent for the 128GB models, and about 69 percent for the 16GB models.
“They seem to be configured and priced to encourage you to buy the models with the higher memory,” said Andrew Rassweiler, the IHS analyst who supervised the teardown. He estimates that Apple is paying a price of about 42 cents per gigabyte on the flash memory, which is supplied by numerous companies, including Micron and SK Hynix.
The margins are in line with more recent iPhone models but higher than the earliest ones. The gross margin on the iPhone 5 , released in 2012, and the iPhone 5s , released last year, were about 69 percent, teardown studies at the time of their release showed. On the lower-priced iPhone 5c, also released in 2012, the gross margin was closer to 68 percent. By comparison, the gross margin on the very first iPhone, released in 2007, was closer to 55 percent .
The most costly component in both phones is the combined display and touchscreen. The displays come from LG Display and Japan Display, costing $45 on the iPhone 6 and $52.50 on the iPhone 6 Plus. The cost for the smaller 4.7-inch model is only four dollars more than the four-inch display used on the iPhone 5s .
Corning held on to its position supplying Apple with its Gorilla Glass to protect the outer layers of the display. Specifically, Rassweiler says the two new iPhones use Gorilla Glass 3, its third-generation product. There had been some speculation that Apple might instead use sapphire on the display’s outer layer, using materials from GT Advanced Technologies. Instead, sapphire is used on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to protect the main pushbutton and the primary camera, Rassweiler said. (Apple did opt for sapphire on the display of the Apple Watch .)
The iPhone’s main processor is the A8, designed by Apple. Rassweiler said the processor he saw during the teardown was manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the massive chip-factory-for-hire based in Taipei. TSMC, he said, is one of the few companies with the capability to manufacture 20-nanometer chips. Apple had previously used South Korea-based Samsung as its chip manufacturer, despite the  acrimonious patent litigation between them. The bad blood between them has caused Apple to shift some –but not all — of its production of the chip to TSMC. Rassweiler says TSMC is manufacturing about 60 percent of the chips for Apple, while Samsung is still turning out about 40 percent.
IHS estimates that the A8 processor plus an attached co-processor that handles information from the iPhone’s many sensors cost a combined $20, or three dollars more than on the A7-based iPhone 5s. “It has more processing power than the A7, but it’s about 13 percent smaller,” he says. Typically, when chips shrink from one manufacturing size to another, they consume less electricity while delivering the same computing power. In this case, Apple added some computing power, too. “Shifting to 20 nanometers is very new and cutting-edge,” Rassweiler said. “That Apple has done this while also changing suppliers is a big step.”
One new feature of the two iPhones is the addition of near field communications chips that will enable the Apple Pay feature . Chipmaker NXP Semiconductors made the main NFC chip, while a second company, ams AG, made a second one, called an NFC booster, that increases the signal’s range and performance. “NXP is pretty much the de facto supplier for all NFC chips used in phones. However, the chip from AMS is one we have never seen used before,” Rassweiler said.
The NFC chips were combined in a category that IHS called “user interface and sensors” that added a combined $22 to both phones. Other chips in that category include the audio chip from Cirrus Logic, an accelerometer chip that detects the phone’s movement from InvenSense and a second accelerometer from Bosch Sensortec. “We’re not sure why the second accelerometer is there,” Rassweiler said. “It may be for increased accuracy.” Bosch also supplied a barometric sensor for detecting altitude, a feature that hasn’t appeared on previous iPhone models, he said.
Other suppliers included chipmakers Broadcom and Qualcomm, which provided chips for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and for connecting to the cellular phone network, as well as power management chips to go with them.
Meanwhile, have you ever wondered what a teardown looks like? Glad you asked, because below we have a sped-up video of the iPhone 6 being being disassembled by IHS analysts at the company’s lab in El Segundo, Calif. Enjoy.
More About the iPhone 6

3 Secrets to Podcasting as Social Media Revolutionreddit
Podcasting, whether via blogs or through the newest trend of audio and video content, is part of the social media revolution. Through this technology, everyone has a voice and that voice can be heard around the world. It's a powerful tool in your social media toolkit that exponentially expands your outreach to your target market, improves lives, and helps create a better world.
Think of podcasting as creating a level playing field. Like other elements of social media, podcasting enables anyone with a specific expertise to reach those who want and need that information anytime, anywhere they want it. No longer do you have to get booked on a national radio or TV show, coddle the media, or dumb down your message to get it out there. Podcasting is a simple to implement, easy to deliver, user-friendly, and inexpensive way to get YOUR MESSAGE out to YOUR AUDIENCE.
Are you using podcasting to reach more people, inspire change, and help make this a better world?
Like any new invention, audio and video podcasting came into being from a variety of fronts. The format and term "podcast" that we use today grew into widespread usage beginning in the year 2004. No, it isn't an Apple invention, though I'm sure they are happy to have the name "pod" in the name--and they've definitely capitalized on the medium on I-Tunes.
Basically, a podcast is a digital file that is delivered in episodes (blogs, audios, videos), available on the Internet for downloading to a computer or portable media player. It is usually part of a series designed to reach a particular niche audience.
Niche is the key word when talking podcasting. The style of a podcast is personal, in-depth, and niche-specific.  It's all about talking directly to an audience who is "really into" a specific subject matter. Successful podcasters are known for being passionate about their topic and talk about it in a way that connects with real enthusiasts who know the language and want the deeper secrets.
Think of the difference between seeing a 90-second news story given by a reporter who is just getting to know about World T'ai Chi Day and conveying it to those who know little about it versus hearing a martial arts master divulging inside secrets to his loyal and devoted followers.
Other examples include podcasts for Trekkies, NFL fanatics, Asian travel buffs, computer gaming enthusiasts, and conscious entrepreneurs. . .
Since podcasts are typically pre-recorded, listeners/viewers can tune in at their convenience and access the content from any computer or digital media device. This makes the content highly-accessible and user-friendly. Because creating a podcast doesn't require a lot of expensive equipment and is fairly easy to post online, it invites most anyone with even a little tech savvy (or who can hire the tech part) to get their word out there. For a few hundred dollars, you can get set up to do quality audio podcasting - imagine the possibilities.
Many entrepreneurs have seized this easy entry point to grow their audience--and some have even capitalized on it to make big money by selling advertising, letting people know about their own programs and products in a sidebar, or by selling subscriptions.
However, what makes podcasts so popular is that they are known for making content "king." One thing podcast audiences favor is quality, in-depth material, offered in a knowledgeable, personal style, with minimal or no promotion or advertising. It is all about passionate people sharing what they are passionate about to those who are passionate about it!
With those points in mind, here are three powerful secrets to creating a successful podcast:
1. Know your niche. Choose a subject in which you are an expert and know what your audience wants to hear about. If you are a die-hard participant in this niche, it's likely you'll know the needs and the language. Speak to what matters most to participants in your niche.  Know their challenges and offer solutions. Title your podcast in a way that lets your niche know that you're talking about exactly what they want to hear.
2. Provide quality content. Be wary of making your content a sales pitch for your products and programs. Focus instead on providing valuable information to your audience. Give them quality content that is designed specifically for their needs, interests, and issues. Make your podcast a "go-to" source for good information. This is how you will build a loyal following who will be happy to share your content with others they know who love what they love.
3. Engage your audience. Speak to them directly, in a personal style, and ask for their interaction.  Ask questions, use quick surveys, and consider contests and giveaways for those who interact with you. For example: to launch our Conscious Millionaire Podcast series, we are offering a free mini-pad to those who interact with and share our content the most.
Here's an additional tip for maximal impact: If possible, make your content available in multiple formats: written, audio, and video. Consumers have different consumption styles, so make your content readily accessible to as many of those styles as possible. If given the choice to read, listen to, or view video content, some of your audience will choose to read, some will listen, and some will watch the video.
So, consider how you can leverage one podcast format into other formats, so that you reach more of your audience by providing information in the way they want it. For example: transcribe an audio podcast and posting it as a blog or article; adding slides to an audio and turning it into a video that you can post on You Tube or other video platform.
Podcasting is a powerful way to reach those who need what you have to offer. I'd love to hear how you are using it to grow your audience and expand your business.
J V Crum III is the founder of ConsciousMillionaire.com ; as a business coach, speaker, and podcaster, he is sought after for his unique ability to help entrepreneurs and executives integrate their strengths and passions into a well-defined strategy for creating big profits and making a big difference in the world. Listen to the Conscious Millionaire Podcast , M-F. J V holds an MBA, JD and a MS in Psychology; his best-selling book, "Conscious Millionaire: Grow Your Business by Making a Difference" is available now: http://www.amazon.com/Conscious-Millionaire-Business-Making-Difference/dp/0976719223/ref=tmm_pap_title_0
Connect on LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/jvcrum
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Sell It And They Will Comereddit
Most young entrepreneurs spend far too much time in the "lab" before ever getting out in the field. Tinkering too long with a prototype, working on their company branding, brochures, logo design or deliberating on patent filings before they have even spoken to one customer.
This reminds me of High School, where the environment lends itself to deliberation rather than execution. After all, you're generally rewarded for the amount of time you study and are given weeks to complete assignments rather than days.
Entrepreneurs, especially those at start-up, are so immersed in the business that they are constantly coming up with new ideas, new ways to make their product or service better and new customer markets to serve instead of getting their product/service in front of customers.
I can't tell you how many I have spoken to who believe that their new product or service is so exceptional that their customers will seek them out to acquire it, following the advice of Ralph Waldo Emerson to, "build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door".
With all due respect to one of the world's greatest thinkers, that is absolutely the worst advice any entrepreneur could take on board. With the exception of a few companies, it's hard to imagine that "build it and they will come" is a successful go to market strategy, regardless of what industry you are in, who you are selling to, what contacts you may have and so on.
So the question is, how much time should start-ups spend selling? Without question: at least 80 per cent. I 've seen so many entrepreneurs fail or lose momentum because they are spending their time in the back end of the business. My personal motto is, "Sell first, build later".
One good example of this is a company by the name of Alumnify , an award winning Alumni Engagement Company on a mission to build the best Alumni software possible.
Co-founded by AJ Agrawal and Eghosa Aihie, the partners built a minimal viable product, then went out into the market place and sold it to their target market before completing the full build of the application. Here's a breakdown of their journey to date:
"When we graduated from the Velocity.SI Accelerator in Jeffersonville, Indiana, we quickly learned that our greatest strength was our ability to sell. Both Eghosa and I love selling our product over everything else, and we decided we were going to play to our strengths from the first day we started the company.
Even when I was a student at the Coding Dojo Bootcamp in Silicon Valley , I would still take a couple hours out of class and cold call clients. It's not that I didn't appreciate building the product; it's just that I knew that the greatest value I could provide was being on the front lines pitching to customers.
Eventually, we ended up selling before our product could even keep up with our traction. While you think this would be a bad thing, it ended up leading to some huge accomplishments. When we were invited to pitch at the University of San Diego V2 competition , we simply explained that we had clients already willing to try our product, and we just needed help getting our technology to catch up.
We ended up beating out over 60 other teams and walked away with $40,000, winning by the greatest margin in the history of the competition.
This didn't happen because we had amazing funding or because we had superior technology, it happened because we spent a ridiculous amount of time on sales from the very start, proving that there was a need for our product in the marketplace.
From then on, sales have continued to drive our success. We waited until we had a little bit of revenue to start fundraising, and that helped us raise our seed round of $465,000 to date.
Finally, with all the progress we built through sales, one of the greatest accomplishments came when our alma mater, University of San Diego , became a client of ours. We couldn't be more excited to be able to give back to the place that has given us so much" AJ explains
Alumnify is a good example which shows there is no such thing as a perfect product, just a complete one, which is why I'm such a big advocate of Eric Ries' The Lean Startup . Build a product that you can show a customer that works and that he/she will pay for and get started.
You need to be out the front in the thick of it selling. Period! Instead of selling, entrepreneurs turn their energies to every other aspect of running their new companies.
When you have a business with sales, you can then talk about what you need to do to monetize more sales. Once you have a business model that actually works because you have customers actually buying, you can then focus on optimising the back end. You start to move out of the dream space and into reality because you have the revenue to do so.
More:

Telcos set to get roaming rate reprieveSeptember 23, 2014 8:17 pm
Mobile operators set to get reprieve on EU roaming rates
By Dan Thomas in London and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/640978a6-4331-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Omar meets Modi  seeks package forrehabilitationPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:49 am
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday sought a special rehabilitation package from the Centre for the flood ravaged state. An official spokesman here said the CM called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Tuesday.
“While expressing his gratitude to the PM and the Central government for assistance by way of rescue and relief to the affected people, the CM advocated massive assistance from the Centre for relief and rehabilitation of flood affected people,’’ the spokesman added.
Saying that loss of property had been colossal, Omar told Modi, “We look to you in this hour of grave crisis for all the required support during the second phase of calamity management in respect to the rehabilitation of affected families both in terms of housing and livelihood, besides restoration of public assets.’’
The CM said while the state government will immediately give financial assistance out of the State Disaster Relief Fund, a financial package will have to be worked out for sustainable rehabilitation of households devastated by the flood.
“Considering that the residential houses in Kashmir are built at a cost higher than other parts of the country and in view of a limited working season before the onset of winter, it is imperative that Centre agrees to the funds for reconstruction of damaged houses,’’ he said.

Dead photographers kin look for answers in recedingwatersShafat’s son with family members at their Srinagar home. ( Source: Express photo by Shuaib masoodi )
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:45 am
In the story of the devastating flood in J&K, Shafat Sidiq is a braveheart of a unique kind. Unlike several youths who died trying to save trapped people, Shafat was a storyteller who lost his life while documenting the fury of the Jhelum waves.
He was among the senior photojournalists working in Kashmir and his colleagues say this flood was his only assignment when he couldn’t file his pictures. When his body was found five days after he went missing on September 7, his cameras were hanging around his neck.
Shafat is survived by wife Yasmeen, 18-month-old son Mohammad, ailing father Mohammad Sidiq, mother Saleema and two sisters. The family was dependent on his earnings.
His family said Shafat was working with Dainik Jagran newspaper for years. “He was sent by his office to take photographs, why didn’t they look for him,’’ Shafat’s mother Saleema Bano asked. “I will have this complaint till I die. We don’t know what happened to him. How did he die? How long was he in the water? His newspaper didn’t even contact us for those five days while we searched for him”.
However, Jagran editor in J&K, Abhimanyu Sharma, said he was a stringer who contributed pictures “shouqia” (as a hobby). “He didn’t have a contract with us. He was only paid for the pictures he took for us,’’ he said. Sharma said his organisation is trying to find ways to help his family.
Shafat’s uncle Bashir Ahmad said he had received a call from his office on the morning of September 7.
“They wanted him to go and take a picture at Ghanta Ghar (clock tower in Lal Chowk). He had no fuel in his car. They called him again and he went out to fetch petrol and then left at around 10.30 am,’’ Ahmad said.
Saleema said Shafat had promised to be back in an hour. “When he didn’t return till 6 in the evening, we went to Zaina Kadal police station,” she said. Somebody from Batamaloo, the family said, told them that Shafat’s body with his identity card and the cameras was found. The body was brought to his home in Rahbab Sahib Aaali Kadal on Thursday.
Shafat’s wife Yasmeen cried as she talked about him. Their son Mohammad was playing with his defunct camera. “There is nothing left in my life. I only wish I can raise this boy well now,’’ Yasmeen said.

Double shock from T.N. electricity authorityUpdated: September 24, 2014 08:41 IST
Double shock from T.N. electricity authority
M. Soundariya Preetha
electricity production and distribution
Up to 90 p.c. cut for industries; Tariff hike by 15-30 p.c.
Power cuts are back again for High Tension (HT) consumers in the State. The Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (Tangedco) has effected a 20 per cent cut during non-peak hours for HT industrial and commercial consumers from Tuesday.
It has also imposed restrictions on power consumption during peak hour (6 p.m. to 10 p.m.), permitting these consumers to use only 10 per cent of the demand and energy quota fixed.
According to an official circular issued on Tuesday, the government has announced demand and energy cut for the HT industrial and commercial consumers and the restriction and control measures came into effect the same day. The 20 per cent power cut on demand and energy would be from 10 p.m. to 6 p.m. the next day.
With regard to peak hour (6 p.m. to 10 p.m.) restriction, the consumers will be permitted to use only 10 per cent of the demand and energy quota fixed.
Power cut was withdrawn for the HT industrial and commercial consumers from June 1 last.
A Tangedco official here pointed out that wind energy generation had dropped in the State in the last two days though winds were expected to be good till this month-end.
The measures were implemented immediately so that power supply was not affected during the peak hours.
An industry source said that though the Tangedco had started implementing the power cut, there was no clarity on determining the demand and energy quota.
Tariff hike by 15-30 p.c.
Electricity tariffs in Tamil Nadu are all set to go up dramatically once again within just two years to mop up over Rs. 6,850 crore.
If the new rate proposed by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission goes through, domestic and other low tension consumers, on average, have to shell out nearly 15 per cent more. The power bill for industries will balloon by about 30 per cent. The proposed hike, which is across the board, would particularly hit educational institutions, panchayats and other local bodies. Among domestic consumers, the existing slabs that range from Rs. 2.60-Rs. 5.75 a unit (without subsidy) will go up to Rs. 3-Rs. 6.60 a unit. The subsidy for them, which was announced by the government in April 2012 following protests against the previous tariff hike, is likely to continue, sources said.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, however, pointed out that the government would ensure that the tariff revision would not affect the poorer and weaker sections, implying that the free supply of power to the farm sector and hutments would continue with the State giving enough matching subsidy when the new tariff is notified.
Tariff concession to a section of the domestic consumers is also likely to continue.

How Bad is the Student Debt Crushhow bad is the student debt crush
The last headhuntersAn icy adventure with all the comforts of home
The largest tribe in Nagaland
The remote village of Longwa, with Myanmar’s dense forests on one side and India’s rich agricultural lands on the other, is home to the fierce Konyak Naga tribe. The largest of 16 tribes living in the remote northeastern Indian state of Nagaland, the Konyaks were warriors with brutal pasts, using inter-village fights to accede land and ascertain power. As such, Konyak villages are situated on ridge tops, so they can easily monitor and identify an enemy attack. (Neelima Vallangi)
The largest tribe in Nagaland
The remote village of Longwa, with Myanmar’s dense forests on one side and India’s rich agricultural lands on the other, is home to the fierce Konyak Naga tribe. The largest of 16 tribes living in the remote northeastern Indian state of Nagaland, the Konyaks were warriors with brutal pasts, using inter-village fights to accede land and ascertain power. As such, Konyak villages are situated on ridge tops, so they can easily monitor and identify an enemy attack. (Neelima Vallangi)
View more slideshows

FT Trading Room videoShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Sefs one year on
Nov 17, 2014 : The US electronic venues for swaps trading have been in place for a year. Laurent Paulhac, chief executive of ICAP Sef, explains to Philip Stafford, editor of FT Trading Room, what their impact has been and how the rules may need to be fine tuned.
Links:  FT Trading Room  /  Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald. Produced by Darryl Thomson.

Regulation: its been a tough year for dark poolsShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Regulating dark pools
Sep 22, 2014 : It has been a tough year for dark pools, but according to Seth Merrin, Liquidnet chief executive, they provide a valuable service. He talks to the FT's Josh Noble about regulatory interest in dark pools and the benefits they can bring to Asian markets.

E-commerce in India: not just cash on delivery to a man on a bikeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

How Irelands Nama moved centre stageHow Ireland’s Nama moved centre stage
By Vincent Boland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f188ef88-4235-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indexing and the End of Capitalismreddit
It's now official. The tipping point for investing in stocks by using index funds is here. It is impossible to pick up any business publication without reading about Indexing, passive investing,  Warren Buffet's will (in which he advised his heirs to put his estate in Vanguard index funds), and the massive money-flows into index funds themselves. There is a monthly scorecard recapping the amount of money put into index funds vs. actively managed ones. The revenge of the economic professors who first pointed out that it was "mathematically impossible" to beat the indexes over time or consistently find managers who could do so is complete. The belief has trickled down to the mom-and-pop investor, who now believes indexing is the way to go. Smart money managed by pension funds does too.
Karl Marx very astutely predicted that capitalism was rife with contradictions and that long term would destroy itself. He argued the seeds of revolution could be found in inherent short term thinking and the greed factor. To Marx, capitalism's encouragement for the misallocation of resources would bring misery to all.
Karl Marx never met an index fund. If he had he would have added this phenomenon to his list of capitalism-destroying mechanisms.
How so? While it is probably true that via backtesting of investment results, ninety percent of fund managers cannot beat the passive indexes, it is also possibly true that the seeds of economic decline lie in the attempt to right this wrong.
The stock market exists to funnel excess capital to businesses. Via selected capital allocation, the market is supposed to reward winning businesses, those with good prospects and generous shareholder distributions, and punish businesses that destroy shareholder wealth. This is/was supposed to be the whole point of stock analysts with their numerous tools and methodologies, i.e. P/E ratios, return on equity and free cash flow, etc. The reward for good business/shareholder stewardship was higher priced stock and the multiple benefits that accrued. Both management and shareholders had a stake in the game. Boards of directors were supposed to oversee management's progress in boosting equity value and the resulting share price. Managements that failed to do so were supposed to be removed.
This is capitalism 101. Indexing throws that all out the 60th floor window. With indexing, the game is to get listed. This is even greater with pure index funds that do not use market capitalization metrics to reflect the weight of a company in the index. Now, if you can get listed on a stock exchange, oodles of cash will flow your way from the investing public just because...they have to. Forget any of the dozens of grading metrics that would rank and compare your company. Forget any measure of quality of earnings or future business strategies. Not one of these is relevant if you are indexing your investments.
Your indexed portfolio will be chocked full of questionable companies like Groupon, and high-fliers like Netflix and Amazon. As the few remaining speculators drive their prices ever higher, you will be forced to buy more!
Indexing rewards bad behavior or makes it irrelevant. Indexing would have given its fair share to Enron, and the dozen of other fraudster companies that went bust. The few analysts that discover fraud and short companies will be relics. When indexing takes over, it will be like the tree falling in the forest; no one will hear a hedge fund's short strategist's negative assessments, because there will be no way to profit by it. Cash will dutifully flow into the listed indexed companies regardless.
You don't have to be a Marxist to understand that this flies in the face of the very premise of capitalism. Rewards to all according to their listing. What will be left is a bloated mass of capital, blind and indifferent to past returns. Companies could eliminate all dividends.  Why bother to pay cash to indexed shareholders if you will be treated the same as the company that pays? Why not just distribute all the earnings to management? The passive indexing approach guarantees a floor under your share price. Why even bother to worry about valuations? If all indexes keep receiving fresh funds, there is no reason to look at valuations.
Also, forget socially responsible investing. Indexing guarantees that a polluting, child-labor using, and regulatory-evading company, will suffer no consequences whatsoever. Why turn up at the company annual meeting if it will have absolutely no effect on management?
Envision a quarterly conference call between management and whomever. (Remember there will be no analysts on the call. They are extinct.) It will go like this: The company CEO will start the call by announcing that the AJAX enterprises has successfully kept its listing on the relevant stock exchange. He will thank everyone for listening and hang up.
I can hear Karl laughing from his grave.
More:

Are You Building a Business or Just a More Demanding Jobreddit
So, are you building a business or a just more demanding job? It's a question I ask so many entrepreneurs and it gets some interesting responses.
For many, they set out to build a business - that is, an asset they can later sell on and realise the value, but they never actually achieve that because all they have done is built a more demanding job than the one they left!
Now, for some, who want a lifestyle business which revolves fully around them, and they are perfectly content with that, then that is fine.
That is a decision that is open to any of us, and if that is the direction you want to go in, then that is fine. In my case, that is the direction that I have chosen and I am perfectly happy with that decision.
However, for many, they create an entity that is what I call the "fur lined mousetrap"! What I mean by that is that they are making a good living - and have built a very nice lifestyle for themselves and their families - but they are trapped by that very same lifestyle!
You see they have built a business where its very existence is completely dependent upon them to continue! Okay, if that is your intention, but if not? Pretty frustrating place to be!
If your strategic intent is to create an entity that has a value, then it goes without saying that the value must not be dependent on you staying on!
The value put on your business will be a multiple of turnover and/or net profit - but the size of that multiple will be determined by the sustainability of the business going forward. So, if the key element in that factor is you, then the multiple will be very low indeed.
Many of my clients have faced this dilemma - and there is a solution, but it takes a change of mindset and the implementation of a strategy to ensure that you can walk away with the money in your personal bank account - and not leave it in the company account!
Follow John Murphy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jmicoaching
More:

Maha polls: Cong-NCP leaders fail to break deadlockMaha polls: Cong-NCP leaders fail to break deadlock
Finance joins fight against climate changeClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americas iconic beer brands are being bought by foreign investors. So whatBy Drew Harwell September 23 Follow @drewharwell
Soon, none of these will be fully owned by American-based companies. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
American beer is in the midst of a global identity crisis. Domestic sales of light beer fell again last year, while imported lagers, spirits and wines climbed. The biggest beer brands in the United States — think Budweiser, Miller and Coors — are now owned, respectively, by people in Belgium, England and Canada. The nation’s two most popular American-owned beer brands? Corona and Modelo. Both are brewed in Mexico.
Now comes a new bombshell for flag-waving American beer drinkers: Pabst Brewing, owner of some of the most well-loved, all-American, blue-collar brews in the country, will soon be  bought  by a Cyprus-based beverage conglomerate that calls itself the biggest independent brewer in Russia. The iconic brand behind Pabst Blue Ribbon, the red-white-and-blue-canned lager founded in Milwaukee before the Civil War, announced late last week that it will be bought by  Oasis Beverages , which runs breweries in Moscow, Kazakhstan and Ukraine.
Even in a country where beer ads are typically marked by stock cars, soldiers and patriotic horses , few breweries have American credentials as deep as Pabst’s. The largest private brewing company in North America, its beers include cheap malts such as Colt 45, Schlitz and Old Milwaukee, as well as regional favorites such as Lone Star (“ The National Beer of Texas ”), National Bohemian (a Baltimore classic from the “ Land of Pleasant Living “), Rainier (“ We Heart Seattle ”) and Old Style (“ Chicago’s Beer since 1902 .”)
Oasis has voiced no plans to change that. It will partner with TSG Consumer Partners, an American private-equity firm, to buy Pabst for about $700 million from billionaire food-industry investor C. Dean Metropoulos, who bought Pabst for $250 million in 2010. Oasis Chairman Eugene Kashper, a U.S. citizen who lives in New York and will become Pabst’s chief executive, said he will keep the company headquarters in Los Angeles.  In a statement , he extolled the brewer’s American virtue, calling Pabst Blue Ribbon “the quintessential American brand — it represents individualism, egalitarianism and freedom of expression — all the things that make this country great.”
But the announcement of Pabst’s sale to Oasis, which brews a bevy of Russian beers as well as soft drinks and juice, was quickly painted as an American betrayal.  Fans of PBR  unloaded on its Facebook page , with one critic pledging to dump all of what he called “the new Communist beer” down the drain. Drinkamerican.us , a blog that ridiculed the foreign-owned Budweiser and celebrated Pabst’s American heritage, was replaced, briefly, on Monday with a large four-letter word.
“I was actually surprised at how frustrated I was . . .  that an American icon was even considering something like this,” said David Lauterbach, the New Yorker who started the Drinkamerican blog after Anheuser-Busch’s sale to foreign buyers in 2008. “That a red, white and blue beer can that so long had symbolized America would consider essentially selling out.”
Pabst executives have gone on the defensive, issuing a statement poking holes in media reports touting a Russian takeover and saying, “Our new colleagues will remain vigilant in staying true to the brand’s identity.” Publicly, Pabst has doubled down on its American roots, posing a can of PBR like Gen. George S. Patton in a flag-draped tweet saying, “Pabst will remain American owned and operated.”
There are a lot of rumors about us out there right now . . . This is the real story—> http://t.co/N1NEFIJjWR via @nypost pic.twitter.com/JsFLu4AHnk
— Pabst Blue Ribbon (@PabstBlueRibbon) September 23, 2014
The brewer’s purchase, though, is only the latest drop in the long-swirling sea of the nation’s hyper-globalized beer industry. Miller Brewing became SABMiller when it was bought in 2002 by South African Breweries. Coors merged with Canada beer giant Molson in 2005. In 2008, Anheuser-Busch, the St. Louis-based maker of Budweiser that had run ads poking fun at Miller’s international roots, was bought by InBev, a Belgian-Brazilian beer conglomerate.
The all-American small-brewer business model that Pabst rode to mainstream glory has changed dramatically, and the alcohol business, once so heritage-driven, has become knotted in a tangle of globe-trotting mergers and mega-deals. Anheuser-Busch Inbev, the world’s largest beer maker, wants to buy SABMiller, the second-biggest . SABMiller made an offer to buy the Dutch brewer Heineken — also the second-largest brewer in Mexico, where it brews Dos Equis and Tecate — but the deal was shot down.
And it’s not just beer. Beam Inc., the parent of classic Kentucky bourbons Jim Beam and Maker’s Mark, was bought in January for $16 billion by Suntory Holdings, the Japanese whiskey giant Bill Murray’s character shilled for in “Lost in Translation.” A Beam spokesman said then , “We operate in a global economy, and the fact is, international ownership is relatively common among successful Kentucky distilleries and bourbon brands.” (It’s true: Another big distillery, Wild Turkey, is owned by Gruppo Campari, maker of SKYY Vodka and Italian liqueur.)
There are online communities and  detailed guides  on how to find out whether a beer is American-made. And drinkers can still buy beers from big American brewers such as Yuengling, based in Pennsylvania, and Samuel Adams, from Massachusetts’ Boston Beer Company. But American beer drinkers today boast “increasingly global palates,” analysts at Euromonitor International said, and that’s leading them to turn away from light Americana domestics such as Old Style, once advertised as “pure brewed in God’s country.”
Pabst Blue Ribbon has surged among the hipster set, and sales have doubled since 2004, but the broader Pabst brand is still weak in sales. Last year was Pabst’s slowest for beer shipments in at least a decade, according to data from Beer Marketer’s Insights.  Constellation Brands , the New York alcohol giant and parent of Mexican cervezas such as Corona, Pacifico and Modelo, saw shipments more than triple over the same time period. Mexican beers, as Euromonitor analysts wrote, “have an aura of vacation and relaxation that appeals to many US consumers.”
Pabst’s losses are tied to the larger trend of light domestic lagers losing ground to wines and spirits. Even darker brews are looking better: Americans drank more than 1 billion liters of dark beer last year, making it the nation’s fastest-growing type of alcohol. U.S. drinkers also are opting against buying from big brewers and instead turning to a growing flood of craft breweries. The country had 2,822 running breweries last year, up 39 percent from 2011, and more than 1,000 new craft breweries are in planning nationwide.
The United States is far from losing its status as a brewing heavyweight: About 85 percent of the lager Americans drank last year was made in the United States. (For brewers, that’s less a patriotic strategy than a logistical one: Americans drink more lager than nearly every other country, so brewing it here helps keep shipping costs low.) Not many consumer favorites can boast such a high made-in-America share. So why do some drinkers show such a feeling of loss when an American brand extends overseas?
“I buy an iPhone even though it’s made in China, but it’s designed in California. I buy Fords even though the parts are made globally but still assembled in the U.S. But there’s just this historic, iconic value to a can of beer,” said Lauterbach, the Drinkamerican blogger. “All these old brands my father used to drink, they’re burnt into my head, back to this time when this was the American way. They hung in with us in for a couple generations, and then it gets to my generation, and I feel like — what happened?”
Analysts don’t expect the new owners to change too much about the Pabst’s golden brand. Like Pabst, Oasis has specialized in developing brands tied to city heritage, and its beers command big market share in Moscow and Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan. Instead, they are likely to try to make more money off Pabst’s strengths: its cool factor, its roots and the public perception it’s still linked to the tiny craft breweries it long left behind.
“Pabst has got a history, it’s got a heritage, it has a vintage factor,” said Amin Alkhatib, an alcoholic beverages industry analyst for Euromonitor in London. “They’re not going to change the brand, what it stands for. . . . They’re going to push to increase market share, take on those craft-beer [profit] margins and add a premium factor to the brand.”
But will Pabst weather the worries about foreign tinkering with an American classic? Benj Steinman, president of the trade publication Beer Marketer’s Insights, said it’s just a matter of time. When the Miller and Busch brewers were bought, “there was a lot more noise than impact at the time. And I’m sure the Pabst folks hope it’s the same case this time,” Steinman said.
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

US-led air strikes kill at least 70 Islamic State fighters  says monitorUS-led air strikes kill at least 70 Islamic State fighters  says monitor
Corporate India needs to shape up for growthCorporate India needs to shape up for growth
Mid & small-cap stocks in bubble zoneMid & small-cap stocks in bubble zone
Your gym days are also your booze days  study showsFor all you do, this run's for you. (Bigstock)
Do you work out hard and then party hard as well? Join the club.
People tend to exercise more than usual on the same days they drink more alcohol than usual, according to a new study published this month in Health Psychology and funded by the National Institute on Aging.
Researchers had 150 participants between 18 to 89 log their daily physical activity and alcohol consumption over a span of 21 days. The group did this at three different periods during the year.
Whereas previous studies had participants try to think back on their habits over a 30-day time span, or concluded that people who exercise more also drink more, this study zeroed in on individual, day-to-day behaviors. Participants were considered "low-risk" folks, who typically had a couple of drinks every few days.
"Something is happening on those days that's leading people to drink more," said David Conroy , the study's lead author and a professor at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine.
So what gives? Conroy said a number things could be at play. Perhaps people who like to work out also like to drink with the same people with whom they've exercised. Or maybe people are rewarding themselves for hitting the gym. Or maybe they've used up all the willpower they can muster to just get themselves to the gym, and they've got none left to refuse a drink later in the day.
Most of the alcohol consumption recorded by the study's participants came in the form of beer.
The "why" behind this exercise-drinking link will be the subject of future research, which could have an impact on how we go about encouraging exercise, Conroy said. "If we're going to promote physical activity,. . . we would be wise to think about whether there are any unintended consequences that could occur," he said.
The finding is unusual because healthy behaviors tend to cluster, and this is one of the few instances in which diametrically opposed behaviors (working out and drinking) are linked, Conroy said. For example, people who tend to exercise also tend to eat well and not smoke.
The link held for people whether they were younger or older adults. Researchers also attempted to adjust for the day of the week and the well-known "social weekend" effect which results in people drinking more Thursday through Sunday because their calendars allow for it. "It's not just that both are peaking at the same time," Conroy said -- but rather there is a link between the two behaviors.
Could it be that people are just trying to mitigate the calories they consumed from drinking the night before? Nope. Researchers found the link between exercising and drinking occurred on the same day, which they assume happened in that order. Given the effects of alcohol, "it seems unlikely that people would knock back a six-pack and then hop on a treadmill," Conroy said.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Saudis confirm taking part in Syria air strikesSaudis confirm taking part in Syria air strikes
J.C. Daniel award for MTUpdated: September 24, 2014 03:06 IST
J.C. Daniel award for MT
Staff Reporter
The Hindu Writer M.T. Vasudevan Nair
TOPICS
award and prize
Writer and filmmaker M.T. Vasudevan Nair has been chosen for the Kerala government’s J.C. Daniel Award for lifetime achievement in Malayalam cinema for the year 2013. Minister for Cinema Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan announced the award here on Tuesday after a meeting of the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy officials.
“M.T.Vasuedvan Nair is one of the greatest among the screenplay writers and directors in Malayalam cinema. He has behind him more than 50 years of all-round contributions to the growth of Malayalam cinema,” said Mr. Radhakrishnan.
The award was decided by a jury consisting of K. Jayakumar, Madhu, P.V.Gangadharan, Rajeevnath and Rani George.
It will be presented along with the State Film Awards for the year at a function to be held at the Kanakakkunnu Palace on October 17.
The Minister said the preparations for this year’s International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK), to be held in the city in December, are on at a steady pace.
This year, he said, the plan was to minimise the expenses for the festival.
“The government has been cutting down on its expenses at all levels. So there is a need to control it here too. The money saved this way will be used for developmental projects aimed at the betterment of cinema in the State.
One of the major plans is to set up an archive for Malayalam Cinema, as suggested by the Adoor committee, so that prints of old classics can be preserved. We have requested for aid from the Centre too. Another plan is to set up an exclusive theatre complex for the IFFK. We have shortlisted a few locations,” he said.
Asked about reports that Chalachitra Academy was planning to do away with the FIPRESCI and NETPAC awards given as part of the IFFK, Mr. Adoor Gopalakrishnan said the awards would be retained, but it would be given only to films that are part of the competition and not to any film that is screened, as has been the recent practice.

Sohail Khan to compete in Himalayan car rallyUpdated: September 24, 2014 02:55 IST
Sohail Khan to compete in Himalayan car rally
Kanwar Yogendra
celebrity
Producer-actor Sohail Khan will be the star attraction at this year’s Raid De Himalaya, the highest car rally in the world, said a spokesman of the Himalayan Motorsport, one of India’s premiere motorsports clubs.
Sohail Khan, younger brother of Salman Khan, is competing in the Adventure category of the raid, along with about 240 top rallyists of the country. The 16th Raid De Himalaya will have 50 competitors in Rally Moto (motorcycles and quads), 41 teams in Rally Xtreme (4X4) and 51 teams in Rally Adventure this year.
Each team in the Xtreme (4X4) category and the Adventure category comprises a driver and navigator. For his navigator, Mr. Khan has picked Pune’s Rahul Sancheti, who ranks among the top motorsport navigators in the country for Time-Speed-Distance (TSD) rallying.
First timer
Mr. Khan wanted to compete in the Xtreme category of the rally but first-time competitors at the Raid are not allowed to compete in Rally Xtreme, hence he had to settle for Rally Adventure this year.
Traditionally, only about 25 per cent of the competitors are able to complete the Raid, India’s toughest cross country off-road event.

http://usat.ly/1qrhrDaFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Grand jury testimony begins in Tony Stewart case
Chuck Hebing, who was in the Aug. 9 race in which Kevin Ward Jr. was struck and killed, called to testify on opening day
Post to Facebook
Grand jury testimony begins in Tony Stewart case Chuck Hebing, who was in the Aug. 9 race in which Kevin Ward Jr. was struck and killed, called to testify on opening day Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1smL3cb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
24
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Grand jury testimony begins in Tony Stewart case
Kevin Oklobzija, USA TODAY Sports 7:11 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Chuck Hebing, who was in the Aug. 9 race in which Kevin Ward Jr. was struck and killed, called to testify on opening day
A grand jury in Upstate New York began hearing testimony in the Tony Stewart case on Tuesday.
(Photo: Amber Searls, USA TODAY Sports)
1017 CONNECT 133 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
CANANDAIGUA, N.Y. – Ontario County District Attorney Michael Tantillo has convened a grand jury to determine whether charges should be brought against NASCAR driver Tony Stewart for his role in an on-track incident that caused the death of driver Kevin Ward Jr.
Grand jury testimony began Tuesday in the case.
Ryan: Tony Stewart saga keeps NASCAR reeling
Tantillo said Sept. 16 that he would present evidence from the police investigation to a grand jury.
Chuck Hebing, who was driving in the Aug. 9 race when Ward was killed at Canandaigua Motorsports Park, confirmed that he was called to testify about the accident but declined to discuss the matter further.
Cloud over Stewart's future remains as case goes to grand jury
Ward, 20, died after exiting his car under caution and being struck by the car of Stewart during a sprint car race at the dirt track. The incident took place moments after Stewart, a three-time NASCAR Cup series champion, and Ward bumped for position. Ward's car spun and crashed into the corner wall on Turn 2.
What does grand jury mean for Tony Stewart?
While the caution flag came out and cars continued to circle the track at a reduced speed, Ward climbed out of his car and walked down toward the middle of the track. He was struck as Stewart's car came back around through Turn 2.
Hebing's car appeared to steer around Ward just before Stewart's car struck Ward.
Ward, a native of the Lewis County town of Port Leyden, was pronounced dead 45 minutes later at F.F. Thompson Hospital in Canandaigua.
Ontario County Sheriff Philip Povero announced Sept. 11 that his department had completed a month-long investigation and was forwarding the results -- including a forensic video enhancement of the crash -- to Tantillo's office for review.
Timeline of events in Kevin Ward Jr. death
Five days later, Tantillo, through a news release, said he had determined "it would be appropriate" to submit the evidence to a grand jury, and that the panel would decide whether charges against Stewart were warranted.
It is not known how long it will take for the evidence to be presented to a grand jury, or for witnesses to present testimony.
Oklobzija writes for the Rochester (N.Y.) Democrat & Chronicle, a property of Gannett.

http://twitter.com/Yahoo...http://twitter.com/yahoo...
New York s MTA faces $15.2 billion funding shortfall in infrastructure planNew York s MTA faces $15.2 billion funding shortfall in infrastructure plan
iPhone 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 3: What s in a widgetiPhone 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 3: What s in a widget
WHO: Ebola cases to triple in weeks without drastic actionWHO: Ebola cases to triple in weeks without drastic action
HTC Desire 816 GSM-only model unveiled at a lower price pointE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Amazon delivers 200 Microsoft Xbox One units within a day of launchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Californias gigantic King wildfire keeps growing amid warnings of extreme fire behaviorBy Mark Berman September 23 Follow @markberman
A firefighter combats the King fire Sept. 22. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP)
A huge California wildfire that is larger than the entire city of Las Vegas is still growing, and authorities are warning that upcoming weather could lead to additional problems.
Thousands of firefighters are combating multiple blazes in the state . Most of them are fighting the King fire, which began Sept. 13 east of Sacramento and which is the largest wildfire in the state .
This blaze, which is sweeping across steep terrain and national forests, had grown to cover more than 89,500 acres (or about 139 square miles) by Tuesday, which means it has burned an area larger than cities such as Detroit, Philadelphia and Atlanta. (The fire is so sizable you can clearly see it from space .)
By Tuesday, the King fire was about 35 percent contained, nearly double the containment level reported a day earlier, according to California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (or Cal Fire).
Weather forecasts hinted at possible problems in the coming days, however. The National Weather service issued a Red Flag warning through Wednesday night, covering portions of the area around the fire. A combination of wind gusts, warm temperatures and low humidity could “provide an environment for rapid fire spread,” the NWS said.
Cal Fire and the NWS both warned about “extreme fire behavior” stemming from these conditions. It is expected that the fire will be very active Tuesday and Wednesday along its northern and western portions, Cal Fire said.
Combating the King fire Monday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP)
There are more than 7,300 firefighting personnel deployed to fight the King fire. This particular blaze has largely burned land in the Eldorado National Forest, but it has also destroyed 10 homes and nearly two dozen other structures. An additional 21,000 buildings — more than half of them homes — are still threatened.
Last week, the King fire nearly tripled in size in about a day  (jumping from about 27,000 acres Wednesday to 73,000 acres Thursday). While it has continued to grow, it has not seen a similar surge in growth since that day.
Police arrested Wayne Allen Huntsman on Wednesday and charged him with arson in connection with the King fire.
Meanwhile, there are four other major wildfires burning in the state. That number is down from 10 such fires  Thursday as authorities have reported containing other blazes. The Nelson fire, which had burned 62 acres in Mendocino County, was contained Monday afternoon, Cal Fire said.
Gov. Jerry Brown (D) declared a state of emergency due to the wildfires, which have been fueled by the endless drought that is ravaging the state. This year, Cal Fire has responded to nearly 5,000 wildfires, an increase of more than 1,000 over average years, officials said.
The northern edge of the King fire on Monday. (Max Whittaker/Reuters)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Soda Makers Pledge to Reduce Calorie ConsumptionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

US manufacturing activity near four-and-a-half-year highUS manufacturing activity near four-and-a-half-year high
US-backed rebel group criticises Syria strikesUS-backed rebel group criticises Syria strikes
Monsoon begins to withdraw from north-westE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Foreign trade policy: Taking trade policy beyond merchandise exportsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haemorrhaging talent  Infosys  new CEO allows staff to use Twitter  FacebookHaemorrhaging talent  Infosys  new CEO allows staff to use Twitter  Facebook
Missions to Mars: 50-years flashbackMissions to Mars: 50-years flashback
India s Mars Mission: What s Going to Happen TodayIndia s Mars Mission: What s Going to Happen Today
PM s US Visit: Modi may announce merger of OCI & PIO cardsPM s US Visit: Modi may announce merger of OCI & PIO cards
RBI panel calls for more specialization  training in bankingRBI panel calls for more specialization  training in banking
Canaan s Rahul Khanna to launch Rs300 crore venture debt fundCanaan s Rahul Khanna to launch Rs300 crore venture debt fund
Mukesh Ambani  Shashi Ruia Among Participants in  Make in India  Programme: ReportMukesh Ambani  Shashi Ruia Among Participants in  Make in India  Programme: Report
A foreign economic policyAmericans believe that India can achieve rapid economic growth through innovation if it opens up its economy to foreign technologies.
Written by Husain Haqqani | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:32 am
For decades, pundits have described India and China as rivals for leadership in Asia. Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit to India suggests that economic cooperation, rather than strategic competition, could be the main driver for the two Asian giants. If Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s forthcoming meeting with US President Barack Obama also gives due weight to economic considerations, India could be on the verge of significantly redefining its global role.
It is good that Modi pays attention to economics, unlike the entrenched establishment in Pakistan, which clings to military strategies even when the cost is the country’s impoverishment. India and the United States could still emerge as strategic partners, but with shared economic interests rather than just shared concerns about the balance of power. And Sino-Indian rivalry could be postponed to a day when both countries have modernised their economies.
India has yet to realise its full potential as a leading global economy. The rapid economic growth that India has witnessed since the mid-1990s was ushered in by much-needed reforms. After being criticised by economists for its low rate of growth, India finally earned a place among the world’s leading emerging markets. Further reform could lead it to greater success among the BRICS, that is, Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, and beyond.
Americans believe that India can achieve rapid economic growth through innovation if it opens up its economy to foreign technologies. As Modi and Obama meet, Indian policymakers must recognise that economic factors are as important to Washington as they are to Beijing. For American FDI, India must strengthen its intellectual property right regulations and protect foreign investors who are exporting new technologies to India. Greater protection for foreign technologies will not only encourage growth and innovation, but also bring in vital FDI.
New Delhi cannot afford to persist with its dated modes of thought on pharmaceuticals or the defence industry either. Spending on healthcare is only about 1 per cent of the GDP in India, making the country one of the lowest spenders in the world. A number of issues plague India’s healthcare sector, ranging from a lack of infrastructure and financing to a dearth of health workers across the country. Hatred of Western pharmaceutical corporations cannot be the core of India’s healthcare strategy.
While India has emerged as a hub for IT outsourcing, it has lagged behind in exporting value-added manufactured goods. It has been unable to increase its share of technology-intensive products. With wages rising and productivity falling in China, India has a great opportunity to attract American FDI in its manufacturing sector. Such investment could go a long way in kickstarting India’s economy.
The country will require over $500 billion just for funding its infrastructure needs in the continued…

United States of BritainScotland's voters have been promised significant new powers by the British Government. (Source: AP)
Written by Ashutosh Varshney | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:13 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:10 am
Some 17 years ago, on September 6, 1997, the funeral of Princess Diana was a symbolically laden moment. Making the British royalty a bit uncomfortable, Elton John sang an all-time hit, “Candle in the Wind”, in Westminster Abbey. Originally written for Marilyn Monroe, the song was adapted for Diana’s funeral, and the new opening lines were: “Goodbye England’s rose, may you ever grow in our hearts.” The song went on to top worldwide charts. Millions felt a lump in their throats.
In New York, from where I was watching the funeral on television, the enormous TV coverage also featured Linda Colley, a British historian, then teaching at Yale University and currently a professor at Princeton. To the surprise of some, Colley commented quite politely that John’s song, though moving, was somewhat unfortunately worded.
“Goodbye England’s rose” belittled how much the non-English parts of Britain had come to identify with Diana, especially in her moment of death. Moreover, her title was princess of Wales. Colley’s American TV hosts fumbled a little over this thought but quickly inferred that England and Wales were two different parts of Britain.
In this interpretation, John’s song was about an exclusive England, not an inclusive Britain. Perhaps that was unwittingly so, but we know that many forms of consciousness become so deeply ingrained that human beings do not easily question their fraught implications or roots.
Colley’s comments were not incidental. She had already written a modern-day classic on the making of British identity, with a focus on the relationship between a tiny and proud Scotland and a big and mighty England. First published in 1992, Colley’s Britons: Forging the Nation, 1707-1837 is widely read by students of British history. But because it applies modern nationalism theory to Britain, it also features in nationalism courses. My seminars on ethnic conflict and nationalism have had Colley’s Britons for over a decade and a half.
In the debate over the Scottish referendum on September 18, Colley’s work was referenced again and again, and it will continue to inform future debates. Scotland may have chosen to stay with the United Kingdom, but 45 per cent of Scots voted for separation, and the younger Scots did so overwhelmingly. While the vote has closed a chapter in that Scotland is not breaking away for now, it has also opened another chapter.
This new, unfinished chapter has several questions. What should be the relationship between the various parts of Britain, indeed those of the UK? How much power should London, or Westminster, have? Should there be regional parliaments? Can the UK continue to be a more or less unitary polity, or should it head towards a constitutional debate on a federal model, much like India, Canada and the US, all former British colonies?

Paranoid about the deficitDespite the sluggish growth, China remains India’s topmost trade partner.
Written by Amitendu Palit | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:36 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:06 am
 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India was noticeable for not having been accompanied by the declaration of a bilateral trade target. While ex-premier Wen Jiabao’s visit in December 2010 was followed by the announcement of a bilateral trade target of $100 billion by 2015, no such numbers were put out this time.
Avoiding a target might have to do with the fact that bilateral trade (merchandise) has not increased from its peak of $73.4 billion in 2011-12. The last two years have had trade hovering around $66 billion. As a result, achieving the target of $100 billion by 2015 appears almost impossible. This will be the first time since Zhu Rongji’s visit in 2002 that the declared trade target will remain unfulfilled.
Despite the sluggish growth, China remains India’s topmost trade partner. Most analysts, given India’s obsession with the trade deficit, usually accept this grudgingly. It is impossible to come across discussions on China-India relations that do not refer to the bilateral trade deficit.
The paranoia over the trade deficit with China could have been justified if India were a net exporter of goods to the rest of the world and its trade with China was an exception. The structure of India’s trade with China is not exceptional in any way. India buys much more from the rest of the world than it sells, and is a net importer of goods. It runs trade deficits with 16 of its top 25 trade partners.
The imbalance in India’s trade with some of its major partners is far more than that with China. During 2013-14, India’s trade deficit with China was $36.2 billion. As a proportion of the total bilateral trade of $65.9 billion, the deficit was roughly 55 per cent. India’s trade deficits with Iraq, Switzerland and Australia in the same year were 90 per cent, 83 per cent and 62 per cent respectively of its total bilateral trades. Deficits with Saudi Arabia and Korea were also almost half of the bilateral trades.
Trade deficits with China and other countries cannot be wished away as long as India does not produce enough of what it needs. Pushing for greater market access in some products in China can partly increase Indian exports. But that will not stop Chinese imports into India.
These have hardly been subsided, despite Indian industry successfully lobbying for the imposition of anti-dumping duties across more than 200 tariff lines. Indeed, the futility of these actions is evident from the fact that China remains the largest source of organic chemical imports for India, despite these imports inviting maximum anti-dumping action.
India needs to approach its economic relationship with China with the understanding that correcting the deficit is wishful thinking. From a consumer’s perspective, India does not produce enough to take care of its large market. It is not for nothing that Chinese mobile phones, the latest being the Xiaomi budget phones, occupy significant market space continued…

The natural performerPosted: September 23, 2014 12:58 am
By: S.R. Vasu Rao
I still remember that night (in 1976) when U. Shrinivas, along with his father, arrived from his village in West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh seeking to become a disciple of my father, S. Rajeswara Rao, who was a musician and composer. Observing the talent of his young son, Sathyanarayana had brought him to a maestro.
My father saw the talent in Shrinivas and told me about this seven-year-old child prodigy. My task was to introduce him to musicians in the cinema industry. I met Shrinivas the next morning at my studio in Chennai. He was hardly seven or eight years old, but very talented. His father was a clarinet artist.
My father saw himself in the talented young boy and believed Shrinivas would be a true disciple. He reminisced about how he was taken to K.L. Saigal in his childhood because he was talented and how Shrinivas had been similarly brought to him. Shrinivas and his family had come all the way from a small Andhra village solely for his music career, and they set themselves up in a small house in Kodambakkam.
At our first meeting, I asked him to play the Shankarabharanam raga. I remember being bemused at his performance, as this child knew all the kritis in Shankarabharanam. In the initial days, I recall being overwhelmed by his performance at my studio and I was hard pressed to figure out my role in moulding him. The moment I played a line, this eight-year-old boy would have begun the next on his mandolin.
One day, I took him to meet music director Ilayaraja. The maestro was reluctant to meet him as he was tied up with recordings. I requested Ilayaraja to spare two minutes and made Shrinivas play before him. The great musician was stunned and invited him home that evening to perform at a Ganapati puja.
In another instance, Shrinivas was taken to M.S. Viswanathan, the most popular music composer at the time. Delighted and surprised, Viswanathan took Shrinivas to actor Sivaji Ganesan’s house to perform at a function there. Performing came naturally to the child prodigy, as he was popular with music bands in Andhra and a preferred artist at weddings and functions.
He was also an all-time favourite of the late M.G. Ramachandran, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu. Their first meeting was at the wedding of my wife’s sister, where MGR was the chief guest. The moment MGR entered the auditorium, somebody asked Shrinivas to stop playing the mandolin so they could play songs about MGR. But MGR came on stage and asked him to continue. He sat next to Shrinivas and made him sing at least three songs. Before he left, he ensured that Shrinivas would be playing at all his public functions.
Traditional sabhas and Carnatic music itself have always been a limited world for instrument artists. I remember that several sabhas
in Chennai had denied Shrinivas an opportunity to perform and many ridiculed his instrument, the mandolin, which was also known as the mini-guitar. He continued…

Chinese couple s underwater wedding photoshootUnderwater wedding pictures
Smile please. But hold your breath!
Chinese couple Qin Riyang and finacee Leng Yuting planned to tie the nupital knot next year but clicked the wedding pictures underwater ahead of their wedding.
Fiance Riyang said they had their wedding photographs taken underwater because 'its romantic and beautiful'.
'Mr Wedding' studio owner, Tina Lui, started providing underwater pictures four years ago. (AFP
PHOTO / JOHANNES EISELE)

Climate protesters arrested in march on Wall StreetE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

All the charts tell the same story: Chinas economy looks weakIt's getting harder to find bright spots in the Chinese economy. (Reuters)
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 23, 2014
As skeptical as analysts are about the quality of Chinese economic data, the numbers all seem to be telling the same story lately. China looks pretty darn weak.
Now it’s true that this morning’s “flash manufacturing” purchasing managers’ index stayed at least above 50 , the level that indicates growth or contraction. (Observers were expecting far worse.) But a parade of other data points have painted a pretty clear picture of economic weakness in the People’s Republic. Note that some have gaps for periods in which data wasn’t reported.
GDP has been stagnant

Women work a lot more in real life than they do on screenGlass
September 23, 2014
Women make up 39.8% of the global workforce. But in the world of film, they account for less than a quarter of characters with jobs.
Share
Tap image to zoom
These numbers come from a UN-backed study  sponsored by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media and conducted by the University of Southern California. The study, released Sept. 22, examined 10 popular films from each of these 11 countries, all of which have sizable film industries.
It should be noted that the researchers looked at only 10 films from each country over a two-and-a-half-year period, so while the numbers serve as a strong point of comparison, there would need to be a more in-depth analysis to fully determine each country’s overall attitude toward women in film.
Though India had the lowest representation of working women on screen, at 15.6%, it also came closest to the actual percentage of the local workforce that is female, missing by 9.7 percentage points. The rest of the countries missed their mark by an average of 20 percentage points, including a 29 percentage-point miss in France.
The women working on screen fill jobs in only four sectors—business/finance; media, arts, and entertainment; science, technology, and engineering; and healthcare—whereas male characters tend to have a wider range, filling jobs in eight sectors in the films included in the study. Female characters accounted for only 10% of the high-level politicians and 14% of the top-level executives portrayed on international screens. Women do represent 29.5% of monarchs, though. As the study notes, “Even when their kingdoms were comprised of owls, bees, or other talking animals, these queens outnumbered the representations of attainable political power in films.”
The actress Geena Davis introduced the research at a symposium in New York.
“What message are we sending to boys and girls at a very vulnerable age?” she asked. “We are saying to them that women and girls are less valuable than men and boys.”
Share this:

The fastest-growing alcoholic beverage in the US isnt a beer  wine  or spiritOn the basis of growth, the cider press rules.(Flickr/Keith Trice)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 23, 2014
Fermented apple juice used to be big in the US—or, rather, in the 13 British colonies that became the US. In colonial America, hard cider was more popular than whiskey, wine, and beer; scholars estimate that 18th-century residents of Virginia and Massachusetts were each drinking between 15 and 35 gallons of the stuff a year. During the 19th century, though, consumption declined, and the spirit never quite recovered after the era of prohibition.
Today hard cider accounts for roughly 1% of the US beer market , according to Dan Rowell, CEO of the Vermont Hard Cider Company, whose Woodchuck Hard Cider is one of the top-selling American brands. But Rowell and other cider makers are witnessing a veritable boom in business, perhaps owing to a deepening interest in craft brews and the wave of adults seeking gluten-free alternatives. Like beverages brewed from grains, fermented apple juice comes in many tastes, and it’s just as ripe for small-scale, local appeal.
Rowell recently told the Los Angeles Times that he predicts cider will capture 5% of the beer market before 2020. A new Woodchuck Hard Cider processing facility opened in Vermont in August; it’s 100,000 square feet and reportedly can fill and cap 600 bottles of cider a minute.
Since 2009, hard cider has been the fastest-growing segment in the alcoholic beverage industry.
Accordingly, big companies like MillerCoors and Heineken are getting in on cider pressing. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer company, introduced Stella Artois Cidre in 2013 and Johnny Appleseed hard cider in March 2014. Analysts predict that Boston Beer Co., which makes Samuel Adams beers,  will owe a fifth of its sales volume to its Angry Orchard brand of cider by the end of 2015. Angry Orchard has climbed past European brands such as Magner’s Irish Cider to become the top-selling cider brand in the US. (Surprisingly, though, the Boston Globe reports that Angry Orchard makes its cider from apples harvested in Italy and France. That may be because there aren’t enough cider-worthy apples in America to meet the increased demand.)
Some cider makers are hoping for policy changes  related to the way alcoholic beverages are labeled in the US, arguing that current rules make the definition of “cider” too narrow. It can have only 7% alcohol by volume before being taxed as wine, and can only be lightly carbonated before being taxed as sparkling wine. Cider makers have said  this is too fine a line to walk, especially since it’s tricky to predict exactly how alcoholic their experimental small batches will be. They’re lobbying to have the federal definition of hard cider changed to accommodate 8.5% alcohol by volume and to mimic EU standards on carbonation. Alcoholic cider has been popular in the UK  for at least a decade and reportedly accounts for 15% of the beer market there .
Share this:

RBS under pressure to cut Citizens IPORBS forced to cut price of Citizens IPO
By Camilla Hall, Martin Arnold and Nicole Bullock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d94d4ba6-4327-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cisco unveils smart city projectE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Cements to hive off CSK for better valuationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1ypSeTNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit.
Post to Facebook
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1slwEx4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
81
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
James R. Healey , 6:30 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Cadillac Elmiraj concept coupe Aug. 15, 2013 in Carmel, Calif. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive coupe hinting at the details of the super-size Caddy under development. Powerplant is a 4.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8 delivering an estimated 500 hp. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
Cadillac 's Elmiraj concept coupe at Carmel, Calif. Mark Reuss, president of General Motors North American operations, says Elmiraj is 'the car Cadillac needs' to 'make a statement.' 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The Cadillac Elmiraj concept car is at the Cadillac booth at the 2013 Los Angeles Auto Show. 
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Fullscreen
Mike Nolan of General Motorsâ?? Design Fabrications Operations uses a blue light scanner to capture a 3-D image of the Cadillac Elmiraj. Designers used the digital mapping technology extensively on the concept car, appearing at the Los Angeles International Auto Show through Dec. 1. 
(Photo: General Motors)
Actor/Director/Producer Clint Eastwood, left, gets a tour of the Cadillac Elmiraj Concept from General Motors Vice President Global Design Ed Welburn at far right. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive grand coupe. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
The emblem on the grille of the Cadillac Elmiraj concept 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
By comparison, here's the logo on the front of a Cadillac Escalade, not as wide and showing the laurel leaves. The Escalade is due to be redone soon. 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Cadillac's  Elmiraj concept has dramatic front-end styling, a hint of which already can be seen on the CTS production car. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac's goal was to create more rear space for back-seat passengers. The back seats and front seats slide forward in tandem to give better rear access. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac Elmiraj concept car has controls, instruments grouped tightly around driver. Cadillac is working on a super-size car and it could be based on Elmiraj. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The first big-Cadillac concept car was the Ciel convertible, shown here at the 2012 Beijing International Automotive Exhibition in China. 
(Photo: Alexander F. Yuan, AP)
Cadillac's Ciel open-air grand-touring concept car Aug. 18, 2011 in Carmel, Calif. Ciel is pronounced "C-L," and means "sky" in French. 
(Photo: GM Wieck)
Cadillac rolls out the Ciel concept, an open-air grand-touring car, at Meadow Brook Hall in Rochester, Mich. Aug. 29, 2011. It suggests some styling touches that'll be on the the super-size Caddy under development. 
(Photo: John F. Martin / Cadillac)
Cadillac Ciel concept car at the Los Angeles Auto Show Nov. 16, 2011, is a four-seat show car meant to suggest some touches coming in the super-size Caddy due within two years. 
(Photo: Kevork Djansezian, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

RSS signals worry over China  calls for an all-party meetingRSS signals worry over China  calls for an all-party meeting
Centre cancels drug price capCentre cancels drug price cap
Govindaraja Textiles setting up plant in the U.S.Updated: September 22, 2014 22:56 IST
Govindaraja Textiles setting up plant in the U.S.
M. Soundariya Preetha
textile and clothing
The capacity of the unit will be 35 tonnes of yarn a day
Shri Govindaraja Textiles, part of the Jayavilas Group, is investing $45 million and setting up an open-end spinning unit in Eden, North Carolina.
Ramkumar Varadarajan, Managing Director, spoke at a roundtable discussion held here on Monday with Vinai Thummalapally, Executive Director of Select USA. Mr. Varadarajan later told The Hindu that the unit would have 16 machines and its production capacity would be 35 tonnes of yarn a day. The plant is expected to start production by the end of December this year.
North and Central America had a lot of knitting and weaving units and hence, market for the yarn would not be a problem. Since it was a highly mechanised unit, the maximum number of people employed for a shift would be just 12, he said. The three major reasons for deciding to invest in the U.S. were: North Carolina was a cotton growing area and hence contamination free cotton was available locally, the cost of power was just one-third of that here and quality power supply was assured 24x7, and the cost of capital was just one-third of that in India, he said.
According to an industry source, there is a trend of revival of the textile industry in the U.S. and some units in India might consider starting operations there.

White tiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zooTiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zoo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:51 IST(25/9/2014)
A white tiger attacked and killed a young man who appeared to have jumped over a barricade into an enclosure at the Delhi zoo on Tuesday, officials said.
White tiger at Delhi zoo corners a boy before killing him. (PTI Photo)
Witnesses said the tiger grabbed the young man by the neck as horrified onlookers at the National Zoological Park near Sundar Nagar screamed and threw sticks and stones to try and save him.
Television footage showed the frightened man crouching against a wall as the tiger stared into his face.
One witness said he raced to the enclosure after hearing screams to see the victim locked in the tiger's jaws, “writhing badly in pain”.
Read: Crocodile attacks man at Bhopal's Kaliasot dam
The deceased was identified as Maqsood, a factory worker and resident of central Delhi’s Anand Parbat. His parents said the 19-year-old was mentally ill and addicted to bhang.
Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn't get too close to the outdoor enclosure, Maqsood eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri.
The enclosed space is separated from visitors by a concrete ditch, with shrubs on the tiger’s side followed by a two-foot railing.
Read: He told me he’d be back for dinner, says mother
Raw Video: 'Mar gaya", onlooker's chilling remark as tiger mauls youth in Delhi zoo
Authorities eventually frightened the tiger into a small cage inside the enclosure. Maqsood, whose body remained in the outdoor enclosure two hours after the attack, was dead by the time help reached him.
“The tiger was just being a tiger," said Belinda Wright, who has spent years working to protect India's dwindling numbers of wild tigers. "An unusual object fell into his domain. ... He's a wild animal in captivity. It is certainly not the tiger's fault.”
The zoo did have tranquiliser guns, said manager Riaz Khan. “But by the time we could arrange them, the man was dead.”
 
The zoo authorities have been booked for causing death by negligence, police said.
Six years ago an inebriated man fell into a lioness’ enclosure but the big cat spared his life, zoo officials said.
India is home to 1,706 Royal Bengal tigers and fewer than 100 white tigers, according to the last census in 2011. All the white tigers are in captivity.
(With agency inputs)

London world s most expensive city  pips Hon...London turns world's most expensive city, overtakes Hong Kong
IANS Sep 23, 2014, 09.44PM IST
(London's rise to first place…)
LONDON: London has overtaken Hong Kong as the world's most expensive city to live and work in, as a new study has suggested it has turned nearly twice as pricey as Sydney and four times more expensive than Rio de Janeiro. India's Mumbai was found to be at the bottom of the 12 most expensive cities report.
The combined typical cost of renting accommodation and leasing an office to work for a year in London had risen to almost 74,000 pounds per employee. That puts the British capital city well ahead of other global hubs such as New York, Paris and Tokyo, the Guardian Tuesday quoted estate agent Savills as saying.
Savills' 12 Cities report is designed to help companies assess the costs of relocating employees. It measures the total cost per employee in US dollars of renting living and working space in some of the world's global hubs.
The annual cost per employee in London was put at $120,568 (73,800 pounds), with Hong Kong close behind at $115,717. New York and Paris were in third and fourth place, at $107,782 and $105,550 respectively. Sydney came eighth at $63,630, Shanghai 10th at $43,171 and Rio 11th at $32,179. Mumbai was bottom of the table at $29,742 (about Rs.18,13,000).
London's rise to first place in the rankings was blamed on the big increases in office rents, plus the pound's strength against the dollar, prompting Savills to warn that it risks becoming less competitive as a result.
Whereas falling residential rents and a weakening currency contributed to Hong Kong, which had previously topped the ranking five years running, dropping to second place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Isro to fire Mangalyaan into Mars orbit in a few hours; will India make space historyIsro to fire Mangalyaan into Mars orbit in a few hours; will India make space history?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bengaluru, September 24, 2014
First Published: 00:45 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:54 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
India is on course to slip into Mars’ orbit on Wednesday after Isro scientists successfully tested the spacecraft’s main engine. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at hand to watch the space agency’s bid to become the first country to conduct a successful Mars mission on its first attempt.
Disassembled View of the Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
If the Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan, is successful, India will join the US, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers.
Live updates:
Live Blog Mars Orbiter Mission
 
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s (Isro) mission control centre at Bengaluru is scheduled to fire the spacecraft’s main engine along with eight smaller liquid engines for about 24 minutes starting 7:17 am, a tricky manoeuvre that involves slowing down the spacecraft.
Meet the men behind India’s Mars Mission
“The spacecraft is travelling at a speed of 22 km/second and it is important that it be reduced to a speed of 1.6 km/second for it to be able to work with Mars’ gravity and insert itself into the orbit,” an Isro scientist said.
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion will happen in the dark because the spacecraft will be around the surface of the planet that won’t receive sunlight. The first images of Mars will be transmitted to Isro’s Indian Deep Space Network facility at Byalalu in Karnataka in the afternoon.
Read: CBSE makes Mars move a must-view
Even if everything goes as planned, scientists in Isro Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (Istrac) at Bengaluru have to wait for a confirmation call from their Australian counterparts tracking MOM from Canberra, which is expected at 8:15 am.
In case the engine fails to ignite, Isro will be dependent on eight 22N thrusters which have the capability to insert the spacecraft into a Martian orbit. “Thus, we will have to compromise and put it into an orbit whose periapsis (distance closest to Mars) will be farther than 423 km,” Isro chief K Radhakrishnan told TV channels.
Scientists at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ahead of the spacecraft’s insertion into Mars’ orbit. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.

How to save $1 billion without even tryingHow to save $1 billion without even trying
By New York Times | 24 Sep, 2014, 02.01AM IST
Making a smart choice between brand-name and generic products isn't simply a matter of knowing the relevant ingredients and dosage amounts.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Freakonomics
A recent episode of our " Freakonomics Radio " podcast series, titled "How to Save $1 Billion Without Even Trying," centers on a dilemma many of us face every time we walk into a drugstore or a supermarket: Should we buy the name-brand product or the cheaper generic version with the exact same ingredients?
There isn't necessarily a right or wrong answer to the question. But a good way to get at the issues involved in decisions like these is to look at what professionals do when buying products that fall within their areas of expertise. What, for example, does a pharmacist take when she gets a headache - Bayer or the store-brand aspirin? How, in other words, do the smart folks shop?
Stephen Dubner spoke to Matthew Gentzkow and Jesse Shapiro - both economists from the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business - who tackled precisely these questions in a recent research paper ("Do Pharmacists Buy Bayer? Informed Shoppers and the Brand Premium"). Gentzkow and Shapiro looked at data from a recent survey by Nielsen's shopping panel, Homescan, which asked tens of thousands of American consumers to record all the retail products they bought using a bar code scanner they kept at home.
Gentzkow and Shapiro then contacted the panel participants to determine their occupation and ask them a short series of questions, such as "What's the active ingredient in Advil?" (answer: ibuprofen), to test their knowledge of common medicines.
With this information, the researchers were able to zero in on people of the same age, who lived in the same area and shopped at similar stores, but who were more well-informed about the products they bought - people who knew, for example, that Tylenol and its generic cousins all contain acetaminophen in equal amounts. Gentzkow and Shapiro also figured out who the pharmacists and doctors were, many of whom would, of course, be more knowledgeable about over-the-counter drugs.
As the researchers pointed out to Dubner, making a smart choice between brand-name and generic products isn't simply a matter of knowing the relevant ingredients and dosage amounts. Well-informed people can also have valid questions about pill coatings, absorption rates and safety (where are all these store-brand drugs manufactured anyway?) that might make them think twice about going generic.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration claims that there are no important differences between store-brand and brand-name medications, but the issue remains a divisive one. "In going around and talking about this paper, we've met many smart academics, people whose judgment we respect, who have a different view of it - who think, 'I buy Advil and there really is a good reason for that,'" Gentzkow told Dubner. "And so I think it's fair to say there's at least enough controversy that people can read the evidence different ways."
The data, however, is crystal clear: According to Gentzkow and Shapiro's research, pharmacists buy store-brand headache medication roughly 92% of the time; they found similar numbers among doctors, nurses and other health care professionals. In contrast, the average American buys generic pain meds 74% of the time.
Gentzkow and Shapiro also studied the buying habits of chefs and other food industry pros, and reached similar conclusions: When buying basic pantry staples like sugar, salt and baking soda, chefs tend to go for generics.
All those brand-name products that the rest of us buy add up. Gentzkow and Shapiro estimate that Americans spend $8 billion every year on common headache remedies like aspirin and ibuprofen, and that switching to cheaper generics would save them between $1 billion and $2 billion. That's a lot of dough.
So is the average American consumer simply being duped by marketers, blindly throwing away money on Tylenol without realizing that the generic version could treat his pain just as effectively? Not necessarily. "I mean, it really depends on whether you accept that people would like to act like doctors and pharmacists act and they just don't know enough to do it," Shapiro told Dubner. "If you take that premise then, yeah, people are making a $1 [billion] to $2 billion mistake. If you want to say that believing that branded medicines are better allows them to work better, reduces [their] headaches more and so on, then I think it's much harder to make that case."
Besides, when you look more broadly at buying habits at supermarkets, the differences between "informed" and "uninformed" consumers break down: Gentzkow and Shapiro found that chefs are no more likely to purchase, say, a generic soft drink or frozen dinner than anyone else, and that in some cases they even prefer premium brands. Partly this has to do with the fact that some brand-name foods really are better.
The problem, it seems, is that consumers take lessons they learned in the frozen-food aisle and apply them across the board. Here's Shapiro again: "The heuristic that, yeah, I should probably pay a little extra to go with a brand that I trust, isn't so bad. That's like a pretty good way to make decisions, on average. The problem is, it's a good heuristic in some places; it's not a good heuristic in other places. And like a lot of things, people apply the same rule too broadly and end up making mistakes as a result."
So what about Shapiro himself, who holds a Ph.D. from Harvard and teaches at a highly respected business school - how often does he buy generics? "I think I probably buy a little more now than before we wrote the study," he told Dubner. "Not so much because of anything I learned from the study, but more because I think I would just feel hypocritical buying the branded good after writing this paper."
All rationality aside, are there any goods people would never, under any circumstances, consider buying in a generic version? It's not a question Gentzkow and Shapiro explored, but it's one that Dubner put to the Freakonomics team at WNYC, the New York public radio station where the podcast is recorded. One person said orange juice; another, face moisturizer. We liked executive producer Suzie Lechtenberg's response the best: "Condoms."

Bankers cast doubt on tax inversion curbsCurbs on tax inversions fail to convince
By Barney Jopson in Washington, Andrew Ward in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d8444fa-4338-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

If You Put An iPhone 6 In Your Pocket  It May Not Come Out The Same ShapePrevious Story
Next Story
If You Put An iPhone 6 In Your Pocket, It May Not Come Out The Same Shape
reddit
We know Apple wanted to bend to the wants and wishes of millions of customers with the super sleek iPhone 6 -- but we don't think they wanted the phone itself to bend, too.
However, according to MacRumors, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users have been putting their new phones in their pockets , only to find the anodized aluminum body a bit bent out of shape .
The iPhone 6 Could Bend In Your Pocket… !! haha.. love u APPLE pic.twitter.com/MJV2s5kT1a
— Nelson Cardoz (@nelsoncardoz) September 23, 2014
The iPhone 6 Plus Gets Bent http://t.co/Dl02p7ntDH
— Jordan Crook (@jordanrcrook) September 23, 2014
While it’s possible that the thinner, larger iPhone 6 may be more apt to bend under pressure -- we've reached out to Apple for an explanation, but have yet to hear back -- this new generation isn't the first to encounter complaints. Some users of the iPhone 5 and 5s reported the same problem, and Time reports Android owners have experienced similar horrors .
Only my clumsy antics could manage to permanently bend an iPhone while still keeping it functional pic.twitter.com/ejCdBXAk37
— Stephani DioGuardi (@steph_dioguardi) July 12, 2014
What to do? Well, MacRumors has some sensible advice if you're a pocket carrier who can't avoid sitting or bending: bigger pockets .
"If a pocket is unavoidable," writes the site's Kelly Hodgkins, "then customers may want to place their device in a roomier pocket that allows the device to slide out the way."
Stay strong, iPhones.

http://usat.ly/1rj0LS7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer
Burger King and Tim Hortons said their corporate inversion deal is still on, one day after the Obama administration announced new rules aimed at preventing U.S. firms from reincorporating overseas to cut taxes.
Post to Facebook
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer Burger King and Tim Hortons said their corporate inversion deal is still on, one day after the Obama administration announced new rules aimed at preventing U.S. firms from reincorporating overseas to cut taxes. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sm4XnM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
40
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Signs for a Tim Hortons restaurant, foreground, and a Burger King restaurant are seen in August 2014 photo taken in Erie,  Pa.
(Photo: Christopher Millette, AP)
207 CONNECT 89 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The $11.5 billion Burger King Worldwide ( BKW ) deal to buy coffee-and-doughnut chain Tim Hortons and reincorporate in Canada will proceed, despite an Obama administration crackdown on corporate inversions, the firms said Tuesday.
The response came after Monday night's Department of the Treasury announcement of new rules that could make it more difficult and less profitable for U.S. firms to pursue inversions — move their official addresses overseas in a bid to lower future taxes and gain freer use of cash held in foreign subsidiaries.
"We are moving forward as planned. As we've said previously, this deal has always been driven by long-term growth and not by tax benefits," Burger King and Tim Hortons said in a joint statement.
Medtronic ( MDT ) said it was studying the Treasury action to assess potential impact on its planned $42.9 billion inversion acquisition of Ireland-based Covidien . Several other U.S. firms with pending inversion plans did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment Tuesday.
Corporate inversions mean tax hit for shareholders
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said the crackdown is aimed at halting a wave of planned or announced inversions that could erode the nation's corporate tax base and shift more of the tax burden to small businesses and average American taxpayers. Lew stressed, however, that the rules were not designed to thwart strategic deals not exclusively based on corporate tax-cutting.
"I think that companies will continue to invert," said Charles Kolstad, a counsel in the Los Angeles office of Venable LLP whose practice focuses on international tax issues. "The downside risk" that deals could be blocked by the new rules "may not outweigh the upside benefits. I don't think you'd end up in a worse position."
But stocks of several U.S. firms pursuing inversions fell Tuesday, potentially signaling investor uncertainty following the crackdown. Burger King shares closed down nearly 2.7% at $30.23, while Medtronic shares closed down nearly 3% at $64.08.
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions'
Corporate America, meanwhile, fired back at the the Obama administration action. Martin Regalia , chief economist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , said U.S. companies that pursue inversions would still be able to use the overseas cash — but not in ways that would directly benefit the national economy.
"In fact, the administration just assured that deferred income in the once foreign subsidiary will never come back to the U.S. to help create income, jobs and economic growth here," said Regalia. "Bad public policy produces bad economic results."
Regalia and other critics of the Treasury rules said inversions should be addressed as part of a comprehensive revamping of the nation's tax policy, including a reduction of the 35% U.S. top tax rate on businesses, the highest among major world economies, plus a revision of the U.S. policy of taxing firms on overseas as well as domestic income.
Many major U.S. firms employ tax-saving strategies that keep their payment rates below the U.S. maximum. But companies contend that lower business tax rates overseas remain a powerful draw as they vie against corporate competitors.
"The continued approach of the U.S. on this issue is yet another example of antiquated tax policy which fails to create a pro-business environment," said Frederic Donnedieu , chairman of Taxand a global organization of tax advisers to multinational businesses.
207 CONNECT 89 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sm4XnM
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1CcMPxHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Spirit Airlines raises checked-bag fee for holidays
Spirit Airlines is raising its checked bag fees for flights during the busy travel period around Christmas and New Year's. On the "options and extras" page that lists fees on Spirit's website, the airline
Post to Facebook
Spirit Airlines raises checked-bag fee for holidays Spirit Airlines is raising its checked bag fees for flights during the busy travel period around Christmas and New Year's. On the "options and extras" page that lists fees on Spirit's website, the airline Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1slm0X3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Spirit Airlines raises checked-bag fee for holidays
Today in the Sky
Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 1:34 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's new livery includes Spirit's "Bare Fare" tag line on the engine cowlings, as seen here Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's current livery is seen here an an Oct. 16, 2012, photo taken at the Fort Lauderdale airport. 
(Photo: Eliot J. Schechter for USA TODAY)
Spirit's current livery is seen here an an Oct. 16, 2012, photo taken at the Fort Lauderdale airport. Spirit's previous silver and gray livery is seen in the background. 
(Photo: Eliot J. Schechter for USA TODAY)
Spirit Airlines unveiled a dramatic new paint scheme for its planes, switching to this black-and-yellow scheme. Here, the first Spirit plane to get the new is seen Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
The finishing touches are put on Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
A worker makes some last-minute touches to Spirit's first aircraft to get its new paint scheme at a maintenance facility in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
The finishing touches are put on Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
The finishing touches are put on Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
The finishing touches are put on Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's current livery is seen here an an Oct. 16, 2012, photo taken at the Fort Lauderdale airport. 
(Photo: Eliot J. Schechter for USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit Airlines unveiled a dramatic new paint scheme for its planes, switching to this black-and-yellow scheme. Here, the first Spirit plane to get the new is seen Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit Airlines unveiled a dramatic new paint scheme for its planes, switching to this black-and-yellow scheme. Here, the first Spirit plane to get the new is seen Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
The bright-yellow nose of Spirit's first aircraft to get its new paint scheme at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's new livery includes Spirit's "Bare Fare" tag line on the engine cowlings, as seen here Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit Airlines unveiled a dramatic new paint scheme for its planes, switching to this black-and-yellow scheme. Here, the first Spirit plane to get the new is seen Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's new livery includes Spirit's "Bare Fare" tag line on the engine cowlings, as seen here Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit Airlines unveiled a dramatic new paint scheme for its planes, switching to this black-and-yellow scheme. Here, the first Spirit plane to get the new is seen Sept. 15, 2014, at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs  at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Spirit's first aircraft to get the airline's new paint scheme is rolled outside for photographs at the Premier Aviation Overhaul Center in Rome, N.Y., on Sept. 15, 2014. 
(Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1wKVIf3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo
No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken. The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No buzz.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract more than its share of
Post to Facebook
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken. The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No buzz.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract more than its share of Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pbZxEU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:34 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Popeyes Beer Can Chicken.
2253 CONNECT 116 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken.
The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No fame.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract lots of social media buzz — and sales.
The fast-food chain on Tuesday announced that it had rolled out the limited-time offer nationally through Oct. 25.  Unlike more traditional, Southern-influenced beer can chicken, which is commonly made by grilling a whole chicken outdoors with a full can of beer inside, this one's pretty tame.
The beer flavor in the Popeyes version — which is fried, not grilled — comes from a mixture of marinade seasonings, including garlic, butter, rosemary, onion, cayenne pepper, lemon zest and an undisclosed flavoring.  At $3.99, the chicken breast is hand-battered, cut into three strips and served with a spicy dipping sauce, Cajun fries and a biscuit.
"No one in fast food has ever done anything like this," says Hector Munoz, CMO at Popeyes, in a phone interview. "It's not about the beer. It's about the flavor."
It's also about the trend.  With the wild popularity of craft beer as a driver, beer or beer flavors are showing up in all sorts unlikely restaurant foods and beverages.  Starbucks has just begun testing a non-alcoholic coffee that has a beer flavor, and Red Robin has been selling beer shakes for several years.
"There is some craft beer craziness," says Chris Rice, president and publisher of All About Beer Magazine. "Consumers today want unique experiences, and these brands want to connect with consumers who have high disposable incomes."
Popeyes has been working on the Beer Can Chicken for years, says Munoz.  While Popeyes Beer Can Chicken chicken doesn't have any beer in it, he says, "It captures the flavors found in beer can chicken."
Because there's no beer — and because the product is fried instead of grilled — there were some internal discussions about using the name Popeyes Beer Can Chicken, says Munoz.  "But given that we capture the flavors, we decided it was OK to do it."
The fall timing — with Octoberfests in the air — was not accidental.  But executives opted to keep Octoberfest out of the marketing, "because we don't want to create confusion."
As if the name Popeyes Beer Can  Chicken doesn't create any of that.
But it also created social media buzz.
"It's the little things that make life worth livin'," tweeted Popeyes Beer Can Chicken fan Josh Hoyng.
But a tweet from Arseinclarse questioned Popeyes for even trying: "I don't think you understand what beer can chicken is."
Even then, says Rice, of All About Beer Magazine, "You can't blame them for wanting to connect from a marketing standpoint."
Munoz is mum about what might be next.
Earlier this year, Popeyes brought back the popular Chicken Waffle Tenders, which are white-meat chicken battered in a waffle coating and then deep fried.
Maybe the two limited-time offers could be mixed, blended and stirred into — don't hold your breath — beer waffles?
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste (Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP) http://t.co/htKFW2PdKq pic.twitter.com/FZ8n8rHfuJ
2253 CONNECT 116 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pbZxEU
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Danger Beneath:  Fracking  Pipes Threaten Rural Residentsdanger beneath:  fracking  pipes threaten rural residents
Andrew Burton / Getty Imagesandrew burton / getty images
Raj Thackeray does a Barack Obama with  Ho  Hey Shakya AaheE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Liars Dice to represent India at OscarsNew Delhi/Kochi, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 03:15 IST
India rolls Liar’s Dice for the Oscars
G. Krishna Kumar
Special Arrangement A still from Liar's Dice.
Special Arrangement A file photo of Geetu Mohandas.
Geetu Mohandas.
Indian cinema
Hindi road drama Liar’s Dice will be India’s nomination for the Best Foreign Film at the Academy Awards, better known as the Oscars, which will be given away in Los Angeles in 2015.
The movie, directed by Kerala State award-winner Geetu Mohandas, stars national award winners Geetanjali Thapa and Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Set along the Himachal-Tibet border, the movie deals with distress migration.
“I am overwhelmed by the news but not overexcited about it. You feel very good and enjoy a positive energy when people call up to share their joy about the movie getting selected as the nation’s entry for the best foreign language film of the 87th Academy Awards,” she told The Hindu here on Tuesday attributing her nomination to her “lucky stars.” Liar’s Dice has been on a roll on the international festival circuit, besides winning two national awards, for best actress for Geethanjali Thapa (who played the protagonist, Kamala), and best cinematographer for Rajeev Ravi (Geetu’s husband).
Liar’s Dice was the unanimous choice
Liar’s Dice, directed by Geetu Mohandas, was the unanimous choice of the 12-member selection committee, headed by Malayalam filmmaker T. Hariharan, as India’s entry for the Oscar, Film Federation of India Deputy Secretary Anindya Sengupta said here on Tuesday.
The film had to compete with 29 other films, including the Tamil movie Kochadaiyaan and the Hindi films Mardaani, Shahid, Filmistaan, Queen and Mary Kom. At the Oscars, it will compete with Poland’s Ida, Sweden’s Force Majeure and Canada’s Mommy.
Mommy won the Jury Prize at Cannes this year and Ida has bagged prizes at the London and Toronto film festivals last year.
Asked how she plans to market her movie ahead of the race for the Oscars, Geetu replied in her characteristic style that she would not do any lobbying or marketing to get noticed in Hollywood. “I am confident that the movie would speak for itself,” she said.
Liar’s Dice is her first Hindi film and only her second directorial venture. She is currently working on a Malayalam film.
Speaking to The Hindu, Ms. Mohandas said, “Whatever happens at the Oscars will not take away our hard work and efforts.”
No Indian film has won the Academy Award so far and only three films — Lagaan, Salaam Bombay and Mother India — have made it to the top five finalists in past years.

Sachin Tendulkar is now a Bradman HonoureeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray opts out of Maharashtra CM raceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Delhi startups Wingify  Zomato acquire globa...Concept Feedback
(The buyout comes on the same…)
NEW DELHI: Delhi based Website performance testing startup Wingify on Tuesday acquired US-based Concept Feedback, a community platform of user experience (UX) experts for online.
The acquisition was funded out of bootstrapped Wingify's coffers. The buyout comes on the same day when Gurgaon-based Zomato acquired Poland's restaurant search company Gastronauci .
The buyouts indicate growing influence of India's startups over global tech community. It also indicates their expansion into developed markets, which are often fast to adopt tech based platforms. As part of the acquisition, Delhi based Wingify will gradually integrate Concept Feedback with its own website testing platform called Visual Website Optimizer (VWO), which is used by companies such as Microsoft and Yatra Online.
"VWO was built to remove the barrier of technical expertise limitations in website testing, a major pain point for any brand looking to optimize their business online," said Paras Chopra, Founder and CEO at Wingify, who is in the US to oversee the acquisition.
"Concept Feedback is at the forefront of the website design community," said Andrew Follett, founder and CEO of Concept Feedback. "Over the past five years, we've built a resource that fulfills an unmet need for brands. Having our community under the Wingify banner is a logical step for us because of our shared vision to improve brands' website performance," Follet said.
On the other hand, Zomato's Poland acquisition is fourth in a row buyout, in three months. The company has acquired New Zealand-based MenuMania became, Czech based Lunchtime and Slovakia based Obedovat restaurant search guides in last three months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dancers Waltz Across Side Of A Building  Catch It All On GoProDancers Waltz Across The Side Of A Building, Catch It All On GoPro
The Huffingon Post  | By                                                                Emily Thomas
Posted:
reddit
Two dance performers recently took a waltz on the wild side.
Strapped in harnesses and tethered to the facade of Oakland City Hall in California, Amelia Rudolph and Roel Seeber of the vertical dance group Bandaloop leaped boundlessly off the side of the building during an August show for Oakland's Art + Soul festival . Set to the tune of William Ryan Fritch's "Hopeless Romantic," a newly-published GoPro video of the dance captures Rudolph and Seeber gracefully flipping and twirling through the air.
"They say what we do is death-defying. I’d say it’s life-affirming," says Rudolph, Bandaloop's founder and artistic director, on the troupe's website.
Watch Rudolph and Seeber defy gravity above, and check out more mesmerizing performances at Bandaloop.org .
h/t: Laughing Squid
More:

Ex-NSA chief Narayanan warns of jihadi wave ...You are here: Home > Collections > Asia
Ex-NSA chief M K Narayanan warns of jihadi wave in India
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 11.00PM IST
(He said that there was a resurgence…)
LONDON: A new version of jihad is attracting "small but steady stream" of Indians to join Islamic State movement in Syria, Former National Security Advisor (NSA) M K Narayanan warned today.
"New version jihad is proving to be highly attractive for its strength is spiritual purity. More and more youngsters find this very attractive," the former director of Intelligence Bureau said at a lecture here.
"As a result of online propaganda, I would say the jihadi wave is achieving new heights today. In India, what we are witnessing today is a small but steady stream of recruits from different states trying to join the ranks of ISIS in Syria," he added.
The security expert, who recently stepped down as West Bengal governor, was speaking on the 'Security Challenges and Strategic Imperatives for India' at the International Institute of Strategic Studies (IISS).
"I don't know if I am the right person to speak on India's security challenges because I don't think I was very successful in meeting them," Narayan began on a lighter note.
"We are meeting at a time of great turbulence in Asia and India being a part of Asia, it cannot be totally detached from several of the strands or strains that afflict Asia today. Asia today faces a range of threats from violent acts by state non-state and sub-state actors to newer dangers stemming from fundamentalist, extremist and radical ideas and beliefs," he added.
Describing terrorism as a "defining threat", he pointed to "overt and covert militancy" as a result of infiltration from across the border making a steady stream of new recruits available.
"Newer players, newer methodology and newer targets reflect a change in terrorist imperatives," he warned.
He said that there was a resurgence of religious extremism in the region as a whole which is a potential danger but is yet to develop into a threat.
"India does not face any existential threat from any external source but like many other countries in Asia, India too is embroiled in some border disputes such as India-China and the intense rivalry between India and Pakistan, especially over Jammu and Kashmir. But I would like to stress that neither of these disputes are likely to lead to open conflict," he said.
"For the present India's worry is to maintain peace and sustain democracy in a region affected by violent agitations and the spectre of religious orthodoxy, mainly Islamist." Narayanan also highlighted cyber terrorism as another major security imperative before India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Godrej to unveil new brand identityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Godrej to unveil new brand identity
V RISHI KUMAR
To launch a wide range of products during Diwali
Hyderabad, September 23:  
The diversified Godrej Group is set to unveil a new brand identity and launch a slew of products spanning different segments to tap demand during the festival season.
The 117-year-old consumer goods company with interests in industrial engineering, appliances, furniture, security, agro care and real estate “will have a new brand identity, which we are calling its Version 2.0,” said Tanya Dubash, Executive Director and Chief Brand Officer, Godrej Industries.
Speaking on the sidelines of the FICCI Ladies Oraganisation here on Tuesday, Dubash said the company had drawn up a distinct brand identity for the Godrej Group about five years ago to communicate its values, what it stood for and reflect its business culture and identity and peoples aspirations. “We believe it’s time now to revisit and upgrade this and launch the new version.” The underlying message of the new brand identity will be: ‘Ideas that make life better’.
Dubash added that at least right products will be launched during the festival season, without naming the products.
As someone who was associated with the Groups brand strategy, she said Godrej connects with more than 600 million people every day with its products, and its engagement will only get bigger as the company has drawn up plans to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 25 per cent.
“Our products such as Cinthol soap, Good Knight mosquito repellent and hair dye may be top on brand recall, but the number of areas and businesses we are engaged in are far more diversified. Therefore, a distinct Group brand identity makes a difference,” she explained.
Nature’s Basket
Referring to Nature’s Basket, a retail venture of the Godrej group with a chain of over 32 premier gourmet stores in Tier 1 cities, she said the current focus is on growing them in these cities before entering other markets. “We expect the Nature’s Basket, an initiative close to my heart, to break even soon,” Dubash said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Cadillac to Ditch Detroit for Trendy NYC AddressAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Inspired by Alibaba and its Indian clones  Tata Group to get into e-com spaceAlibaba Group
(Tata already operates an…)
NEW DELHI: The Tata Group plans a bigbang entry into the Indian ecommerce space with the marketplace model that has been made immensely successful by Alibaba — which just made a record initial public offering in the US — and has also been emulated domestically by Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal, according to two people familiar with Tata Group's plans.
The initiative will be led by Tata Industries Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Tata Sons that shepherds the group's entry into new businesses, and not by its existing retail units, said one of the persons.
"Tata Industries incubates new businesses as they have done with Tata's entry into auto components and telecom ventures," said the person, who didn't want to be named. "Then such businesses are taken forward by their respective units." A Tata Sons spokesperson said the group is eyeing the country's ecommerce business but did not elaborate on plans. "Suffice it to say that ecommerce is of interest to the Tata Group. We will share more information at the appropriate moment," the person said.
To be sure, Tata already operates an ecommerce site for its consumer electronics business Croma, but the marketplace model will allow any vendor to sell on the platform, similar to what Amazon or Flipkart do in India. Ecommerce marketplaces make money by charging fee or commission from merchants using them.
Tata is modeling its business on Tmall.com, the Alibaba Group's marketplace, said the second person cited above. This, along with twin B2C marketplace Taobao.com, generated about $248 billion in gross merchandise sales last year for the Chinese company, more than that of Amazon.com and eBay put together.
The yet-to-be-named marketplace is planned to be rolled out next year and will initially showcase Tata's existing retail chain brands such as Westside, Croma and Star Bazaar. Tata is also working to rope in joint venture partner Zara, which otherwise sells online only through its own sites globally, to sell on the platform, the person added.
Tata has already started the process of hiring people as well enrolling vendors for its marketplace, the person said.
India's ecommerce market has been red-hot in recent years with market leader Flipkart clocking a valuation of $7 billion in a July funding round when it raised $1 billion from a clutch of existing investors. A day later, Amazon announced plans to invest $2 billion in India.
India's online retail business is expected to surge to between $19 billion and 38 billion, from about $2.3 billion in annual sales now, according to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors.
Enticed by the potential, several Indian companies, including Reliance Industries, are planning online retailing forays. Tata has a sizeable presence in real-world retail, which includes high-profile JVs with Britain's Tesco, Spain's Zara and No. 1 coffee chain Starbucks . Interestingly, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, has invested personally in Snapdeal and online jewellery retailer Bluestone in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalyaan: Mars orbiter insertion in a few hours; will India make space historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Drug firms get part price reliefDrug firms get part price relief
All parties must abide by UN charter in Syria: BanAll parties must abide by UN charter in Syria: Ban
D.C. services firm Cassidy Turley to be acquired  merged with DTZBy Jonathan O'Connell September 22 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Cassidy Turley’s clients include Exxon Mobil, which is trying to sell its Merrifield campus. (Courtesy Exxon Mobil)
Cassidy Turley, a real estate services firm based in the District, announced Monday that it would be acquired by a consortium of public and private investors and merged with a firm providing similar services abroad.
Though it is headquartered on L Street downtown, Cassidy Turley has 60 offices across the country representing companies looking for space, landlords looking for tenants and developers and other owners of real estate in need of consulting.
Locally Cassidy Turley has advised a wide array of clients, such as Exxon Mobil, which is looking to sell to lease its campus in Merrifield, and George Washington University, which is pursuing a development project on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C.
Cassidy said it is being acquired by a consortium of public and private investors from the United States, Asia and Canada, in a deal that has long been rumored. The consortium includes private equity firm TPG, whose other investments include Burger King and Petco. Other investors are PAG, an Asian investment manager that says it oversees an $11 billion portfolio, and the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. It is scheduled to close Dec. 31.
The deal will have Cassidy Turley merging its operations with DTZ Group , which provides a similar combination of real estate services to customers in Europe and Asisa and which is also being acquired by the consortium. Collectively the companies will fall under the DTZ brand and have $2.9 billion in revenue and more than 28,200 employees.
“Cassidy Turley is a leading real estate services business in the U.S. and will complement DTZ’s existing very strong businesses in Asia and Europe as well as DTZ’s existing U.S. businesses,” said Ben Gray, managing partner of Asia for TPG, in a statement issued in tandem with the other companies.
Joseph Stettinius, Jr., chief executive of Cassidy Turley, said the combination “is an excellent cultural fit as well as an opportunity to partner with a global brand.” He will become chief executive of the Americas for the new company.
“The combined companies will create a game-changing organization – not only for us but for the entire industry,” Stettinius added.
The acquisition represents the second major merging of brokerage firms this year, after the British real estate firm Savills agreed in May to acquire Studley, which focused specifically on representing tenants, for $260 million. That deal closed in June and gave the newly formed company, Savills Studley, 27,000 professionals at more than 600 offices globally.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Uncle Sam  PM Modi is coming: Here s what on agenda09:00 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has advanced his visit to United States by one day due to flight scheduling issues. He now lands there on September 25th and his visit will be divided into two parts. Part one: engagements in the United Nations headquarters at New York. Part two, which is of more interest to India Inc, will see bilateral meetings with the Obama administration in Washington and a face-to-face with the who's who of US Inc reports CNBC-TV18's Rituparna Bhuyan.
RELATED NEWS

AirAsia offers 1.5 million promo seats  starting at 690Comments
Malaysian no-frills carrier AirAsia said on Tuesday it has put on sale 1.5 million promotional seats for fares as low as Rs. 690 for one way journey under a limited period offer.
The airline's Indian subsidiary AirAsia India too has rolled out a similar discounted ticket scheme, offering flyers an all inclusive one-way ticket price of Rs. 690 from its hub Bengalore to Chennai, Kochi, Goa and Rs. 2,390 from Bengaluru to Jaipur and Chandigarh.
This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights.
All inclusive fare is available from as low as Rs. 4,999 from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Tiruchirappalli, Bengaluru to Kuala Lumpur and Rs. 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok, AirAsia said in a release here.
The bookings for these offers have already commenced from yesterday and can be made till October 5, the airline said.
The travel period under the offer, however, will be from January 15, 2015 to June 30, 2015, it said.
AirAsia India currently operates to five destinations - Goa, Kochi, Chennai, Jaipur and Chandigarh, from its hub at Bangalore.

BJP  Shiv Sena near truce  may fight polls togetherBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

US  Arab allies bomb Syria  kill 120 ISIS  al Qaeda terroristsprint
The United States and five Arab nations struck multiple ISIS targets in Syria using fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk missiles on Monday night.
Going alone in a separate action, the US struck al Qaeda operatives, also in Syria, to foil an “imminent attack”  they were planning against Americans and Western interests.
US military described the strikes as “very successful” but said they were not in a position to share precise details of the impact, apart from aerial shots of damaged ISIS facilities.
ISIS targets included fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles.
These attacks were “only the beginning” of a long and sustained campaign to degrade and destroy ISIS, Director of Operations Lt Gen William C Mayville Jr told reporters.
Syria was notified of the strikes, and was warned against engaging US aircraft. The US insisted it did not coordinate the attacks with the Assad regime, or seek its permission.
Read: Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the strikes, the first four carrying out what is being called “kinetic action”, dropping bombs.
“America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” said President Barack Obama, before leaving for UNGA on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is reaching New York for the UNGA on September 26 and comes to DC on September 29 for meetings with President Obama.
Read: Air raids may put Indian hostages at risk, worries govt
The two leaders are expected to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq, and, specifically, ISIS, which continues to hold 39 Indian citizens it captured three months ago in Mosul.
In Monday night attacks, the US-led coalition conducted 14 strikes against ISIS targets in and around Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal in Syria.
The US used “47 TLAMs (Tomahawks) launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the US Central Command area of operations”.
Th strikes were conducted in three waves. The first wave, starting at 8:30 pm US eastern (6:00 am in India), targeted Khorasan group facilities west of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
More than 40 Tomahawk missiles struck Khorasan group’s training camps, an explosives and munitions production facility, a communication building and command and control facilities.
US officials said the group, which had been under observation for a while, was in the “execution phase” of a terrorist attacks against American and western interests.
The second wave came at 9:00 pm US eastern (6:30 am in India) with F-22s (Raptors) and F-6s targeting ISIS headquarters and training compounds in northern Syria.
The third wave, that was launched just after midnight (9:30 am, India), targeted ISIS facilities in eastern Syria, and saw a  massive participation of Arab allies.
US officials said they had not targeted the ISIS leadership individually and were aware that its fighters were being dispersed to hide among civilian populations.

Sen met TMC leaders before hefled from Kolkata'Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:54 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:50 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Saradha group chairman, Sudipta Sen, held meetings with Trinamool Congress general secretary, Mukul Roy, and MP Subhendu Adhikari days before escaping from Kolkata in April 2013 when his chit fund empire was crumbling all around him, Sen's driver Arvind Singh Chauhan said on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Chauhan was speaking to the media just after walking out on bail from a jail.
Though there were speculation in many circles that Roy had met Sen before he escaped from the city, this is the first time that somebody came forward to state publicly.
"I drove Sudipta Sen to the Nizam Palace office of Mukul Roy on April 5. Two days later, on April 7, Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen's office at Midland Park," said Chauhan. He also said the meeting went on for about an hour.
"Another Saradha agent of South 24 Parganas, Arindam das was also present in the meeting between Sudipta Sen and Aubhendu Adhikari on April 7," added Chauhan.
After Chauhan's allegation, while Mukul Roy kept mum, Adhikari told the media that he would move a defamation case against Chauhan.
Incidentally, Chauhan drove the car in which Sudipta Sen escaped from Kolkata on April 9. He was arrested with Sudipta Sen and Debjani Mukherjee on April 21, 2013 from Sonemarg in J&K.
Chauhan was caustic after walking out on bail. "I did not hatch any conspiracy, nor was I a part of any. All the conspirators are roaming free," remarked Chauhan on Tuesday afternoon.
Minutes after, Chauhan went to the CBI office on his own. He also told the media that he has shared all details with the CBI investigators.
Chauhan used to work for Saradha at the Delhi office and was summoned to Kolkata on April 4.
"On April 9, Sen told me that we are going out on some work. But I had no idea that he was escaping," Chauhan also commented.

France urges US and China act on climateClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brands are no longer at the mercy of consumers on social mediaBrands are no longer at the mercy of consumers on social media
Campaign launch to see efforts of 25 govt deptsYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Modi's 'Make in India' campaign launch to harness efforts of 25 government departments
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The launch will be attended…)
NEW DELHI: The high-profile launch of 'Make in India' campaign by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 25 before he leaves for his landmark visit to the United States will see ministers heading 25 central departments line up to give a collective thrust to manufacturing and seek greater foreign investment.
"The prime minister has involved all ministries related to manufacturing. Each will carry out back-end work related to ease of doing business. The focus will be on 25 sectors and the respective ministries - heavy industries, telecom, power and others - have been involved. It will be a holistic integration of perspective on manufacturing," said an official of the department of industrial policy and promotion.
Stakeholders including leading businessmen and CEOs of about 3,000 companies of 30 countries have been invited for the launch, which will be attended by finance minister Arun Jaitley; minister of state for finance, commerce & industry Nirmala Sitharaman; power minister Piyush Goyal, MSME minister Kalraj Mishra, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar, textile minister Santosh Singh Gangwar and others.
Programmes will also be held in state capitals and Indian missions abroad, where the officials will engage with investors and consultants simultaneously.
The Centre's objective is to get manufacturing sector to grow over 10% on a sustainable basis in the long run. It has planned global outreach through a digital campaign. "We have liberalised the FDI regime. The idea is to send across the message to foreign investors that India is becoming a better place to do business," said the official cited earlier, requesting anonymity.
All navratnas and the tourism department, among others, will be involved in the event, the official said. The PM will make a pitch to manufacture pharmaceuticals, auto components and biotech products, among others, in India. Food processing, IT, defence, electronics and textiles figure among the 25 sectors identified.
The campaign will be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore. "The idea is to involve states through a hub-andspoke model," the official added.
The DIPP and industry lobby Ficci have jointly set up an eight-member expert panel to address queries and concerns of investors within 48 hours. They will clarify Indian policies to the investors and suggest reforms to the Centre and states.
The launch will be attended by representatives of companies from countries such as the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Starbucks to purchase rest of Starbucks JapanStarbucks to buy the rest of Starbucks Japan
By: Bruce Horovitz September 23, 2014 6:20 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
Starbucks
is buying, well, Starbucks.
Specifically:  the remaining 60.5% of Starbucks Japan.   After that, it will own all of the roughly 1,000-plus stores that employ more than 25,000 workers.
Starbucks in Japan has been a joint venture between Starbucks and Sazaby League for nearly 20 years.  That’s about to change with a two-step tender offer process.
Step One:  Sazaby will tender its shares on Sept. 26th.  The purchase price for Sazaby’s 39.5% share is about $505 million US dollars.   When that tender offer is settled, probably during the middle of Starbucks first quarter of fiscal 2015, Starbucks will own a controlling 79% interest in Starbucks Japan.
Step Two: Shortly after settlement of the first step, Starbucks will initiate the second step for the remaining 21% ownership interest.  The tender offer purchase price for this second step is about $408.5 million US dollars.
The transactions are expected to be fully completed during the first half of calendar 2015.
The unstated Step Three:  Celebrate, perhaps, with a round of lattes?
 

Pidilite up 3%; buys Blue Coat s adhesive bizPidilite acquires adhesive business of Blue Coat; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
("We believe the cost pressures…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Pidilite Industries moved higher in a weak market as the company board completed acquisition of the adhesive business of Blue Coat Private on a slump sale basis for Rs 263.57 crores.
J.P Morgan is 'Overweight' on the counter as it believes the company is well placed to deliver strong earnings growth over the next two years after the modest 8 per cent Y-o-Y growth in FY14.
"We believe the cost pressures in FY14 have eased meaningfully and margins will start looking up from 2H onwards," a recent J P Morgan report on the company said.
"Revenue growth trends have also been picking up at the margins and should further benefit from an improved macro and expected industrial revival. Improvement in international business could also aid performance," the report added.
J P Morgan has maintained OverWeight rating on the stock with price target of Rs 440 per share.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 403.50, up 2.54 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 407.70 and a low of Rs 400 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 reasons why Street took severe beatingBank GAIL Tata Motors Tata Power Tata Steel
(Major losers which dragged…)
The Indian markets took a severe beating in today's trade; with the benchmark Sensex slipping over 450 points in intraday trade.
Major losers which dragged indices down were ONGC , RIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, L&T, Cipla , Infosys , ICICI Bank , GAIL , Tata Motors, Tata Power, Tata Steel and TCS.
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
1) FII woes: Brokers told PTI that the stock market turned volatile and participants preferred to offload positions on reports that foreign funds, which was a major force behind the recent bull run, have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers, mainly dampened the trading sentiments.
2) F&O expiry: The market always remains volatile ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
3) Economic woes: Manufacturing PMI for Germany, Europe's largest economy , slumped to 50.3, its lowest reading since June 2013; and below all forecasts in a Reuters poll of 32 economists, while a services industry PMI for France , the bloc's second-biggest economy, faltered after just two months in growth territory, reports the agency.
Stock markets in London, Frankfurt and Paris fell 1, 0.8 and 1.3 per cent, respectively, as new tax pressures hit pharma and tobacco firms.
4) Global tensions: Problems like conflict in Ukraine, sanctions on Russia and Hungary's crackdown on banks, are in turn hitting Western companies, reports PTI.
Meanwhile, Syria said on Tuesday that Israel had shot down a its warplane in what it described as an act of aggression, confirming the first such incident in three decades.
5) Weak Asian markets: Emerging market shares tumbled to new three-month lows on Tuesday, unimpressed by an uptick in Chinese factory data and focusing instead on the lacklustre growth outlook in Europe and the developing world.
South Korea and Taiwan , which together make up a quarter of the emerging index, fell 0.5 per cent taking MSCI's emerging equity benchmark down half a per cent.
"We are still dealing with the idea that emerging markets growth remains underwhelming and export growth is weak," Manik Narain, a strategist at UBS , told Reuters.
He estimates that emerging markets' growth rate premium compared to developed peers had shrunk to an 11-year low.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dalal Street takes severe beating  Nifty below 8050; but over 300 stocks @ 52-week highsAjanta Pharma
(BSE Sensex succumbed to…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 462 points in trade on Tuesday but that didn't stop bulls from accumulating quality stocks and as many as 314 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
There were bouts of selective buying seen in small and mid-cap space which pushed some of the stocks to fresh 52-week highs. The stocks which rose to their highs include names like Ajanta Pharma , Crisil , Fag Bearings , Gillette India Ltd , IndusInd Bank , PC Jeweller etc.
After a strong bounce back on Monday, BSE Sensex succumbed to strong selling pressure of over 400 points in trade. Selling was seen in frontline names like ICICI Bank , RIL and L&T.
Most stocks which rose to their respective 52-week highs on the Sensex also came under selling pressure and closed in red, which include names like Bajaj Auto , Dr Reddy's laboratories, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431 points or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 27256.87 and a low of 26744.07 in early trade.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8017, down 128 point or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 8159.75 and a low of 8008.10 in early trade.
Considering the fact that we are in the F&O expiry week some bit of consolidation or corrections was expected, which may extend up to 5 per cent in the short term, say analysts.
"Markets are a little bit nervous ahead of two-three technical factors. One would be in fact expiry and gas price decision on the anvil," said Devang Mehta, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
"2-3% correction from hereon would in fact mean a lot of correction for stocks which have run up a lot in the last few days. So for midcaps - if the market correct by say another 3% or 4%, then there are all chances that midcaps should correct by at least 10% to 15% and this would present a good entry point for some stocks which have run very fast," he added.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050 and is now trading near key support levels of 8000 but as much as xx number of stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high on the National Stock Exchange.
But analysts see this consolidation more from a perspective of entering markets at lower levels as the bias still remains on the upside till the time Nifty trades above 7850 levels.
The BSE Midcap index closed 1.91 per cent lower at 9696.15, and as much as 16 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high which include names like Relaxo Footwear, Va Tech Wabag , MindTree, JK Lakshmi Cement , NBCC, Firstsource Solutions etc.
The BSE Small-cap index closed 2.4 per cent lower at 10,969.30 and as much as 48 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week high, which include names like Uflex , Welspun India , Rolta India , Polaris Financial Technology, Trident, RS Software etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coming soon: Self destructing post on FacebookTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

US anti-IS airstrikes kill 70 in SyriaPrint
BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State killed at least 70 of its fighters on Tuesday in north and eastern Syria, a group tracking violence in the war said.
Rami Abdulrahman, who runs the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said the death toll was likely to be much higher. "The information is the numbers are bigger than that," he told Reuters by telephone.
He was citing casualties in the provinces of Raqqa, Deir al-Zor and Hasakah in northern and eastern Syria. Abdulrahman said the total number of dead and wounded was at least 300.
(Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Recommend

Sensex ends day 431 points down; top stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex cracks below 27000; top investment ideas from experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 04.26PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex posted its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half months on Tuesday tracking weak trend seen in other Asian markets.
Global stocks saw some bit of profit booking on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The S&P BSE Sensex which bounced back in trade on Monday came under some intense selling pressure in trade on Tuesday. The index slipped as much as 462 points in trade to close below its crucial psychological level of 27000.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431 points or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 27256.87 and a low of 26744.07 in early trade.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100 and is now trading near key support levels of 8000.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8017, down 128 point or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 8159.75 and a low of 8008.10 in early trade.
Considering the fact that we are in the F&O expiry week some bit of consolidation or corrections was expected. The fall in the index was largely led by profit booking in Tata Motors, RIL, ICICI Bank , L&T, ONGC and HDFC.
But analysts see this consolidation more from a perspective of entering markets at lower levels as the bias still remains on the upside till the time Nifty trades above 7850 levels.
"The range of 8229 - 8253 is an important resistance to watch out for in coming days on the lower side 8050 followed by 8000 are immediate support levels whereas the range of 7920 to 7850 would remain a vital support on positional basis," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Medium term trend reversal level has now moved higher to 7850," added the report.
Analysts are not ruling out the possibility of consolidation or some bit of correction before the market resume fresh up move towards 30,000 on the Sensex by end 2014.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014 helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of over $33 billion into the country's securities market.
Although, analysts do not see a major trigger for corrections domestically but they say that if corrections happens it would be more because of global cues which will give investors the opportunity to enter markets at lower levels.
"If you look at the weight of India in the emerging markets portfolio, it is at its historic high levels. So any fluctuation in the global markets or disturbance over there could lead to some volatility in our markets," said Mahesh Patil, Co-CIO, Birla Sunlife MF.
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA-ML hopes to see a correction of about 5-7 per cent in the market, which will provide a better opportunity to buy. I am quite bullish from a three-four year perspective and we think earnings and markets could double out over four years," said
"So, if you ask me, if there would be a better chance to buy, the answer probably is yes. Our view, from here till the end of October, is that we see the markets lower by around 5% to 7%," he added.
We have collated list of stock and sectors recommended by various analysts that are looking attractive at current levels:
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services
Rural Electrification Corporation or popularly REC has borne the brunt of a lot of things, which are not happening to the power sector. This stock has corrected big time from the levels of 370-380 to around 255-260.
We feel that now pure value is emerging into the company at a price to adjusted book value of around 1-1.1 times at the current market valuations. This is one stock which also presents an excellent dividend yield as well as a proxy play to the power growth story.
We have been very aggressive on some stocks, the likes of Century Ply or Sundaram Fasteners. All these stocks are slated to re-rate themselves going forward. A stock like CanFin Homes, which is a Canara Bank home finance company, has hardly any NPAs and is growing at a rapid pace.
These all businesses would tend to re-rate themselves and there can be substantial 25-30% upside. If at all the market corrects and midcaps correct, these stocks would present a great opportunity.
Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan
We think that agri as a theme will play out extremely well over the next two to three years. There will be a thrust on the improvement in the productivity and the overall penetration level, as far as the agro chemical is concerned. I
Therefore, from within the pack, we like Dhanuka Agri, which has an asset light business model, wherein they have tied up with a few MNC companies for certain molecules with a three to five-year of an exclusivity and very decent manufacturing and distribution base in India. Overall, we think growth will be about 25% to 30% and it can be a two to three bagger over the next 18 months or so.

Mohamed El-Erian: Sell some stocksMohamed El-Erian says take some money out of stocks
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 23, 2014: 11:33 AM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's a scary world out there, but the stock market is "exuberant."
That's the message from Mohamed El-Erian, Chief Economic Adviser of Allianz and a leading voice on all things investing.
"We've had one record after another on the Dow and the S&P and yet the underlying economic and geopolitical fundamentals are still worrisome." he told CNN's Maggie Lake Monday.
El-Erian recommends taking some money off the table at this point. He admitted that investors could risk losing out on more market gains, but at the same time they'd be protecting themselves from potential losses.
"Take some money off, keep the ammunition, you will have the opportunity to come back in," he said.
Related: Is the economic recovery real? 3 stats to watch
El-Erian claims that central banks, including the Federal Reserve, are at fault for the market euphoria.
"Central banks have goosed up all asset prices, not because they like being investors' best friends, they don't, but because that's the only way they can hope to stimulate the economy," he asserted.
We're living in a "strange world," declared El-Erian, since the Fed is stepping out of the market right when the European Central Bank is getting in.
Last week the Fed announced it is pulling back on its bond buying program, one of its key stimulus measures since the recession. El-Erian predicts that the ECB will take further action to juice the feeble European economy in October, but that their efforts won't be sufficient.
Related: Who's getting rich off the stock market?
"Central banks don't have the tools to fundamentally alter the growth dynamics, so all they can do is buy time, but they buy time at the risk of financial instability down the road," he maintained.
Politicians in Washington also shoulder blame, according to El-Erian, since easy money from central banks allows them to get away with not fixing broken economic policies.
And then there's the geopolitics. El-Erian noted that investors who ignored geopolitical risk in recent years have made money, but that doesn't mean they're immune to future trouble.
Related: Defense stocks soar as U.S. strikes ISIS
He believes that if the situation between Russia and the West over Ukraine worsens and sanctions intensify, Europe cold tip into a recession. "If that happens, it's a different world for markets," he said.
But beyond the doom and gloom, El-Erian pointed out that it's a good sign that investors have enough confidence in the economy to be in the market in the first place.
"For a long time after the global financial crisis, both companies and individuals holding onto their purse strings. What we're seeing now is money coming back in," he said, pointing to the recent Alibaba IPO as an example.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 11:27 AM ET
Most Popular

Wall Street ends lower  S&P 500 down for third straight dayWall Street ends lower, S&P 500 down for third straight day
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 02.13AM IST
US stocks fell, with consumer staples leading the S&P 500 down to its third straight daily loss, as investors woes grow. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Tuesday, with consumer staples leading the S&P 500 down to its third straight daily loss, as investors grew concerned about the pace of global economic growth.
The day's losses were broad, with all ten primary S&P sectors down. Consumer staples were the weakest on the day, off 0.9 percent, while industrials lost 0.8 percent.
Wall Street's losses tracked Europe's 1.3 percent slump, after data showed a contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
The European data "is a little concerning," said David Lebovitz, global market strategist for J.P. Morgan Funds in New York. "We didn't expect things to improve there forever and always, but we are seeing a bit of a slowdown, which is weighing a bit."
Unrest abroad added an element of caution to the market after the launch of U.S. air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters. The tension lifted crude oil prices 0.6 percent to $91.44 per barrel.
"It will be important to see how this issue plays out, but so far oil has been pretty well behaved," Lebovitz said. "So long as it remains under $100, markets should be able to take this in stride. Past that level, it will become a drag on consumption."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 116.81 points, or 0.68 percent, to 17,055.87, the S&P 500 lost 11.52 points, or 0.58 percent, to 1,982.77 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 19.00 points, or 0.42 percent, to 4,508.69.
The S&P 500 fell for a third consecutive session and closed below its 14-day moving average for a second straight day, a sign of weak near-term momentum.
The Russell 2000 fell 0.9 percent, and the small cap index's 50-day moving average fell slightly under its 200-day moving average, a condition known as a "death cross," which many investors view as indicating a coming bear market.
CarMax Inc was the biggest S&P 500 decliner on the day, off 9.5 percent to $47.80 after earnings missed expectations and same-store sales that fell from the prior year.
CF Industries jumped 5.3 percent to $269.37 as the benchmark index's biggest gainer. The fertilizer company is in talks about a merger of equals with Norway's Yara.
Bed Bath & Beyond rose 6.9 percent to $67 in after-hours trading after the company reported its second-quarter results, which included a 3.4 percent rise in same-store sales.
More than two-thirds of stocks traded on both the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq closed lower on the day. About 5.78 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, below the month-to-date average of about 6 billion.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Stolen Jaguar returned to owner 46 years laterStolen Jaguar returned to owner 46 years later
By Priscilla Riojas   @CNNMoney September 24, 2014: 7:58 AM ET
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach seized five cars last month, including a 1967 Jaguar XKE stolen in New York City 46 years ago.
LOS ANGELES (CNNMoney)
After 46 years, Ivan Schneider's prized possession, a 1967 convertible Jaguar XKE, is returning to its rightful owner.
Schneider was 36 and a young New York trial attorney when he bought the brand new 1967 convertible Jaguar for $5,000 as a treat to himself for winning a big case. He had it less than a year when it was stolen during the middle of the night from outside his Manhattan apartment in March 1968.
"I went downstairs and it was gone. I walked up and down Madison Avenue, then up and down 5th Avenue, and it wasn't there," Schneider said. "I was devastated."
Schneider thought his prized possession was gone forever.
That is, until officials recovered it this year during a routine inspection on the West Coast.
Gallery: The 10 most expensive cars sold at Pebble Beach
"I would tell stories about this great car that got stolen, I bought a Corvette after it was taken," Schneider said. "I have had a lot of great cars since then, but none has been as pretty."
Last month, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other law enforcement agencies recovered the Jaguar and seized four other stolen automobiles after they passed through the Los Angeles and Long Beach, California, port complex.
Ivan Schneider, 82, gets to peek at his 1967 Jaguar XKE, which he last saw in 1968.
So much time has passed since the car was stolen that, much like its original owner who is now 82 years old and living in Miami Beach, Florida, the car has aged. Its bullet gray paint job has now faded to near white.
The two-door 1967 Jaguar XKE convertible was discovered in a container that was going to the Netherlands, authorities said.
They checked the vehicle identification number, which is standard operating procedure for cars being shipped out of the U.S., and when authorities identified it as stolen, they directed the carrier already in route with the Jaguar to turn around.
Gallery: Jaguar unveils its new entry-level XE sedan to go up against BMW and Mercedes
Schneider was in disbelief when he got the call that his Jag had been recovered after all these decades.
"I thought they were kidding me, who would think a car would show up 45 years later. When I found out they weren't, I was thrilled," he said.
The Los Angeles and Long beach ports are the busiest shipping complex in the United States, and custom officials there recover about 250 stolen vehicles per year, according to Larios.
 
Jaguar on the prowl for women
The Jaguar has certainly lost some of its luster since its owner last saw it: The sports car is rusty and scratched and has a mismatched brown door.
In its present condition, it's worth about $23,000. If it were in pristine condition, it could fetch $100,000, according to federal customs estimates.
Schneider says he hopes to bring the car back to its glory.
"I am going to fix it up make it as good as I can," said Schneider.
He estimates the restoration to cost between $50,000 and $75,000.
Schneider is still waiting for word on when he will be reunited with his Jaguar, but is itching to get back behind the wheel.
"I will drive it for an hour a week. I have other cars, I will use this one as a toy," he said.
Schneider won't be the only one getting back his stolen car. Other recovered vehicles include a 1969 Corvette taken during a burglary in Portland 26 years ago, a 1976 Mercedes 280, a 2007 Mercedes E350, and a 2014 Camaro ZL1, officials said.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 5:04 PM ET
Most Popular

Probe may slow Tescos turnround strategyProbe may slow Tesco’s turnround strategy
By Andrea Felsted and Scheherazade Daneshkhu and Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fbce368-433b-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC verdict on Coalgate todaySC verdict on Coalgate today
IFC raises Rs 600cr via bondsIFC raises Rs 600cr via bonds
A K Dubey receives extension as Coal India Ltd acting ChairmanA K Dubey receives extension as Coal India Ltd acting Chairman
http://usat.ly/1mrdgvSFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil
Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership to end the destruction of the world's forests by 2030.
Post to Facebook
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership to end the destruction of the world's forests by 2030. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pbZUPO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil
Wendy Koch , USA TODAY 5:02 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
This aerial picture taken on November 29, 2009 shows a sector of the Amazon forest, in the state of Para, in northern Brazil, illegally deforested. Police in Brazil have broken up an Amazon deforestation gang considered the worst currently active, officials said on August 28, 2014.
(Photo: ANTONIO SCORZA AFP/Getty Images)
105 CONNECT 71 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK _ Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership aimed at halving the loss of the world's forests by 2020 and ending it by 2030.
The 32 countries and 39 major companies, including Wal-Mart and McDonald's, made their "New York Declaration on Forests" at the U.N. Climate Summit, signaling the vital role that forests play in climate change. Trees store carbon dioxide but when cut down, they release the heat-trapping greenhouse gas to the atmosphere.
"There is no way to crack the climate issue without the forest issues," Charles McNeill, senior environmental policy adviser for the U.N. Development Program, tells USA TODAY. He says the pledges are voluntary but since they're public, signatories won't want to back out.
If the goal is met, the U.N. estimates the impact would be equivalent to taking every car in the world off the road. The participants, including dozens of environmental and indigenous groups, also pledge to restore more than one million square miles of forest worldwide by 2030.
The effort has the backing of wealthy countries including Canada, France and the European Union, but its success may be hampered by the absence of Brazil, home to much of the Amazon rainforest. Brazil did not sign on, telling the Associated Press that it was not included in the preparation process. Yet three Brazilian states - — Acre, Amapa and Amazonas — did.
The challenge is huge. "Our planet is losing forests at a rate of eight football fields every ten seconds," Carter Roberts, president of the World Wildlife Fund said in a statement announcing the agreement..
The participants include many well-known consumer goods makers including Cargill, Nestle, General Mills, Kellogg's, L'Oreal, Procter & Gamble, and Unilever. They agree not to source products such as palm oil, soy, paper and beef from land that has been recently or illegally cleared of trees.
The United Kingdom, Germany and Norway pledge to set up to 20 programs in the next couple of years that will pay countries to reduce their deforestation.
"Forests represent one of the largest, most cost-effective climate solutions available today," the declaration says. "Action to conserve, sustainably manage and restore forests can contribute to economic growth, poverty alleviation, rule of law, food security, climate resilience and biodiversity conservation."
105 CONNECT 71 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pbZUPO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Stand-off: China asks for border meeting; army plays it coolStand-off: China asks for border meeting; army plays it cool
Jolla to offer Sailfish OS for free to manuf...You are here: Home > Collections > Android
Jolla plans to offer open-source Sailfish OS for free to device manufacturers
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.19AM IST
(Finnish start-up Jolla,…)
NEW DELHI: Finnish start-up Jolla, formed by former Nokia employees, is in talks with Indian as well as global smartphone makers to licence its Sailfish operating system, a move that can help the company widen the ecosystem for the OS.
"We are talking to the 'usual suspect' device manufactures in India. Also, we have a few deals, which are not public, at the global level. We are in advance talks with some bigger device manufactures," said Sami Pienimaki, chief marketing officer and co-founder of Jolla.
Pienimaki said Jolla wants to work with app developers as well in India and was exploring more business models for device vendor tie-ups. "We want device manufactures and Internet companies to hop on board to bring differential products and services to the market," he said. The company plans to offer its opensource Sailfish OS for free to device manufacturers, hoping to monetise the OS through deeper integration of services.
"Although, Android is theoretically free, but companies that want to grow bigger end up paying money for Google's service integration," Pienimaki said.
The company reckons that there is a need for a modern and independent mobile OS that enables free competition without control by a single player.
Google's Android is the most popular OS globally. The cheapest Android smartphone in India is available at .Rs 1,999. Apple's iOS is the second biggest OS worldwide, followed by Microsoft Windows and BlackBerry. Mozilla's Firefox is the new OS for entry-level smartphones. The Sailfish OS was developed from the MeeGo platform, which was previously backed by Nokia, and originally powered the Nokia N9 smartphone. Sailfish is the only non-American OS available in the world. The operating system already supports Android applications, which will help the uptake of the device in the country, Pienimaki said.
"Everyone is interested in this platform given that the situation in the Android ecosystem. Because of the overdominance, vendors are exploring alternatives to Google's Android platform. Phone makers need something new and we can offer that," Pienimaki said. The tie-ups will allow the Sailfish OS ecosystem to grow much faster with various form factors.
Pienimaki said Jolla is very different from the start and offers a different kind of choice to consumers, adding that the global smartphone market has been dominated by two players—Google and Apple—which have not innovated much. The company also has plans to launch next-generation smartphones. Jolla is being managed from Hong Kong and is looking to set up an office in India soon.
The company launched its only smartphone in India on Tuesday, pricing it in the fastest growing mid-segment at .Rs 16,499. It will sell the handset in an exclusive tie-up with Snapdeal. Snapdeal senior VP (electronics and home) Tony Navin said the portal was working closely with Jolla "so that there's no supply constraint".
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1uFdK0rAir war in Syria could last years
Islamic State strongholds
A U.S.-led coalition has launched airstrikes against the militant Islamic State group in Syria. The U.S. has been conducting air raids against the group in neighboring Iraq for more than a month.
Sponsored by
9
Spillover
Institute for the Study of War; Thomas van Linge; longwarjournal.org; Department of Defense; AP; Heritage Foundation (dailysignal.com); USA TODAY Research
Kevin A. Kepple, Frank Pompa. Karl Gelles and Oren Dorell, USA TODAY
Tom Vanden Brook and Jim Michaels, USA TODAY 8:28 a.m. EDT September 24, 2014
A structure in Syria is hit in a U.S. airstrike.
(Photo: AP)
1321 CONNECT 225 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 95 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — The U.S.-led airstrikes mounted early this week in Syria are the opening salvo of what is likely to be a years-long campaign to rout al-Qaeda-linked terrorists and Islamic State fighters from the war-torn country, according to military leaders.
Bombing runs in Syria will continue into the foreseeable future, Defense Department officials said.
On Wednesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a group that monitors the war in Syria, said further airstrikes were carried out near the Turkish border. There has been no independent or U.S. military confirmation of that claim.
Video Keywords President Obama Department of Defense United Nations General Assembly al-Qaeda security country war torn country air strikes Middle East Obama America's New York
U.S. intelligence officials say the airstrikes in Syria are just beginning and that it could take years before Islamic State fighters are defeated. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  US led air strikes and Syria continue in what is
00:05  likely to be eight years long campaign to rid the war
00:08  torn country. Of al-Qaeda linked terrorists and Islamic state fighters. The
00:13  Department of Defense released videos of strikes Tuesday on I --
00:16  compounds and storage facilities. According to military leaders bombing runs like
00:21  this will continue into the foreseeable future. President Obama cautioned the
00:25  leaders of the five Arab nations that joined in the attack.
00:28  That the mission won't be quick or easy. He sat down
00:32  with them while in New York the United Nations General Assembly.
00:35  But diplomacy experts say the partnership is something that's been unseen
00:39  since the gulf war and is a coup for the Obama
00:42  administration. The strength this coalition makes it clear. To the world
00:46  that this is not. America's fight alone. Above all the people
00:51  and governments of the Middle East. Are rejecting -- but air
00:54  strikes are just the beginning of the US strategy to fight
00:57  Islamic state. Speaking at a forum on global counterterrorism. Secretary of
01:01  state John -- Talked about stopping the group's recording of help
01:05  from extremists in the US and other western nations we. Obviously
01:09  you have to also do specific tactical things like cutting off.
01:14  The visas for those who've traveled wanna come back like cutting
01:18  off funding. Congress has also approved a plan to train advise
01:23  any quit Syrian rebels to battled militants the overall effort will
01:26  take time. There will be challenges ahead. We're under what's necessary
01:31  to take the fight this terrorist group for the security country
01:35  and the region and for the entire world.
The strategy announced by President Obama involves airstrikes and training, advising and equipping local forces to battle the militants.
That won't happen quickly, said Army Lt. Gen. William Mayville, director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
"I would think of it in terms of years," Mayville said.
Obama cautioned leaders from Arab nations meeting in New York on Tuesday, "This is not going to be something that is quick, and it is not something that is going to be easy."
The attacks focused on two targets:
•The Khorasan terrorist group, an al-Qaeda affiliate that Pentagon and White House officials said  had planned imminent attacks focused on U.S. or European targets.
In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a EA-6B Prowler lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush after conducting strike missions Tuesday, against Islamic State group targets in Syria.
(Photo: AP/MC3 Brian Stephens, U.S. Navy)
•The Islamic State militants who control large parts of Syria and Iraq, intending to extend their brutal rule over a vast region. Fighters from the Islamic State — also known as ISIS or ISIL — have beheaded several hostages, including two American journalists.
Khorasan terrorists "have established a safe haven in Syria to plan external attacks, construct and test improvised explosive devices and recruit Westerners to conduct operations," said Rear Adm. John Kirby, a Pentagon spokesman. "The United States took action to protect our interests and to remove their capability to act."
The attacks appear to have killed "lots of bad guys," said one Pentagon official who was not authorized to publicly discuss the details of the operation. This group includes terrorists with expertise in making easily concealable bombs that could be smuggled aboard U.S. planes, the source said.
The majority of the 47 Tomahawk cruise missiles fired at Syria were aimed at "Khorasan group compounds, their manufacturing workshops and training camps," Mayville said.
The second and third waves of attacks late Monday and early Tuesday, launched by U.S. and Arab warplanes, struck Islamic State headquarters buildings and barracks among other targets, Mayville said. The bulk of the attacks were conducted by U.S. aircraft using precision munitions.
The initial attacks on militant targets in Syria, Mayville said, were intended to relieve pressure on Iraqi security forces. The Islamic State is headquartered in Syria and trains and resupplies its forces from bases there for their campaign in Iraq.
"What we have been doing over these last couple weeks and what last night's campaign was about was just simply buying (the Iraqis) some space so that they can get on the offensive," Mayville said.
Islamic State forces have shown signs of adapting to avoid airstrikes, so the coalition may have to adjust its attacks, Mayville said, but he made clear that U.S. warplanes don't need troops on the ground to direct strikes.
"We've been able to provide air support without putting forces forward, and I think we will continue to look at how we can do that as we move forward," Mayville said.
1321 CONNECT 225 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 95 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1snlmIJ

Sena-BJP stalemate: There is more to drama than seat sharing for the ensuing Assembly pollsSena-BJP stalemate: There is more to drama than seat sharing for the ensuing Assembly polls
Philips set to split into twoPhilips set to split into two
Activist investors: Hands off America s piles of free carbs!0
According to what I believe is in the Constitution, our founding fathers guaranteed that every American has the right to gorge on bread prior to a meal.
The slide show was produced by investment firm Starboard Value LP as part of an attempt to unseat the board of Olive Garden parent company Darden Restaurants Inc. The slides say customers could still have as many breadsticks as they want, but the number of piping hot dough tubes on the table would be smaller. Starboard relies on lame excuses like "management readily admits that after sitting just 7 minutes, the breadsticks deteriorate in quality."
Blah, blah, blah. Listen up, Starboard. Let me tell you a little something about the American consumer.
We base most of our daily decisions on the steadfast belief that more of something is better than less of something, unless that something happens to be scorpions, and even then, it might be kind of cool to have a boat-load of scorpions, so let us get back to you on that.
Do I need 48 ounces of Dr. Pepper at any given time? No, of course not, that's enough to give a Clydesdale diabetes. But do I want 48 ounces of Dr. Pepper? Hell, yes, because that's a great deal on Dr. Pepper, gimme gimme gimme.
Trying to cut back on the size of the breadstick pile you place in front of me is like trying to make my Big Gulp less gulpy.
Darden Restaurants responded to the investment firm's recommendations on Monday with a slide show of its own. The company's retaliatory slides say the breadsticks have been "an icon of brand equity since 1982" and convey "Italian generosity."
Boom! In your face, Starboard. Olive Garden just went Sopranos-like Italian stereotype on you.
I asked Richard Feinberg, a professor of retail management at Purdue University, how he thought consumers would respond if Olive Garden actually enacted breadstick restrictions.
"They're going to be really resentful and angry, and they may begin to question why they're even going to Olive Garden in the first place," he said.
Is that part of our national predilection for food served in large piles?
"In this country we want more, we want bigger and we want to pay less for it," Feinberg said.
You're darn right they do, and how dare these activist investors suggest placing a smaller stack of carb sticks in front of me, based solely on the desire to reduce costs, increase the number of appetizers purchased, make the company more profitable and keep lots of people employed.
All I know is in the court of U.S. public opinion, whoever gives us the most breadsticks wins.
The only problem I have siding with Olive Garden is that the Darden Restaurants presentation is only 24 slides long, while Starboard's is 294 slides. I feel like Starboard is giving me a lot more bang for my buck, slide-wise.
Being an American is hard.
(Rex Huppke is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune and a noted hypocrisy enthusiast. You can email him at rhuppke@tribune.com or follow him on Twitter at @RexHuppke.)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Mars Orbiter Mission is on stable trajectory: ISRO chiefR. Ramachandran caught up with the ISRO chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the crucial manoeuvre of Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) of ISRO’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)
Excerpts from the interview:
What is the current state of preparation for Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) manoeuvre on September 24?
On September 14th and 15th we uploaded the commands for the MOI. During the uploading process we verified them and after uploading everything we again went through the reading of all those commands. These are the commands for Plan A of the MOI manoeuvre. The idea is that all the commands are sitting in the spacecraft’s command processor and any major problem in the ground to satellite link will not affect the firing. The commands are time-tagged.
Plan A involves the main thruster engine, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), and eight small thrusters (22 N) working together for nearly 24 min. That is the nominal plan. We have also uploaded a possible Plan B if it has to be exercised.
What would Plan B be?
Plan B would be the firing of small thrusters alone for a longer duration. But that would be decided after September 22 if it is essential. On September 22 we are going to have a test firing of the main LAM for nearly 4 sec. LAM was used for the initial six orbit raising (around the earth) operations as well as the Trans-Mars Injection (TMI) manoeuvre on December 1, 2013. After that it has not been used for nearly 10 months. The two Mars Transfer Trajectory (MTT) mid-course corrections that were done on December 11, 2013, and June 11, 2014, were done only with the small thrusters. Small thrusters are working; there is no issue. What we are now looking at is the working of the main engine. [See Fig. 1 for the Mars Orbiter Mission Trajectory so far.]
So what steps have been taken to ensure that?
If you look at the fluid circuit all the flow lines coming from the fuel and oxidizer tanks to the main engine have two sets; each flow line has a second parallel path as well. Normally we have only one circuit. What is involved in the process here is, [after the initial operations] the first set was closed. Now the second set has to be energized. What we have to establish is that without any interruption fluid will pass through the second set of flow lines and reach the main engine. For the thrusters, however, fuel and oxidizer are tapped from a different point in the circuit and these flow lines were never closed and were always working as the thrusters were required for MTT corrections. Since we know from the corrections done that these Attitude and Orbit Correction (AOC) thrusters are working, these will always be available.
As for Plan A two things have to happen for the firing to take place. The solenoid coil igniter (there is a redundant second coil as well) above the main engine has to work and the flow lines have to be clear for the fuel and oxidizer to reach the engine simultaneously. Otherwise everything will be stuck.
Now there is some pressure in both the fuel and oxidizer tanks. We have seen on the ground that with this amount of pressure the entire operation works. Before the launch of the orbiter itself in 2013 we had the live test of an identical LAM engine. This LAM engine is the same as that we have been using for our Geostationary Orbit missions and this was also used in the Chandrayaan-1 mission after a gap. Now also we have seen that on the ground the engine operates after a long gap. Hardware identical to what is in the orbiter has been tested after a year-long gap. So, on the ground we have live tested for the restart of the engine after a long gap. This was actually completed last month.
Secondly we have also simulated the D-day firing with the propulsion parameters on that day – the tank ullage volume, the pressure, the temperature etc. – for nearly 2000 sec, which is more than the 1500 sec or so required for actual firing, and we have seen how it works. So that guarantee is also there. This was also done last month.
If there is a problem even then, these thrusters will be fired for a longer duration of 90 min. But the middle point of the firing arc will remain the same; only that we have to start early. But we will not get the same performance with Plan B. It will not be the same planned orbit.
The basic issue is you have to see that the pressure in the tanks is sufficient for the entire operation; it should not fall below a critical value of 11-12 bar. [1 bar is about one atmosphere pressure.] If it goes below this level you will not get the required performance. Right now the pressurization system above the propellant tanks – the pressurant tank (with very high pressure) and the two pressure regulators – have been isolated which normally come into the pictures only if the pressure falls below 11 bar. It was a conscious thought out decision to shut the system out and we find that there is no need for them as the pressure now in the tanks is being is at the optimum level of 16.5 bar. And we have tested on the ground the fuel-oxidizer flow performance in the ‘blow down’ mode [where the pressure is allowed to drop gradually from 16 bar] and we have seen that the pressure does not fall below the critical level even after the full firing of about 2000 sec as against 1500 sec during the actual firing. So if the flow takes place there is no issue. But if required at any point the pressurization system can be activated.
There was a planned trajectory correction on September 14. But this doesn’t seem to have been done. Why?
Now when the spacecraft will arrive in the vicinity of Mars, we have been talking about a distance of 500 km plus or minus something like 60 km. If we see the way it is going now the distance will be about 720 km. Our daily calculations also indicate that the trajectory is stable…
How did this gap of 200-odd kilometers arise? I thought you were maintaining the error margin of 50 km all through and that is why the planned April correction could wait to be carried out instead in June.
At TMI we took one route that should take us to about 500 km from Mars. To achieve this only we make those minor trajectory corrections. In the original plan we had provided for four corrections. The first was December 11, 2013; the second one was scheduled for April, the third in August and the fourth in September. We did not do the correction in April because it was felt that the spacecraft trajectory was steady and did not need any correction then. We then did the second correction on June 11. The question then was whether we required one in August. We found that there was no need for it because, without the August correction, the trajectory was going to be about only 700 km away from Mars.
[An altitude of] 700 km is a good number because as long as you don't come too close to about 200 km or it goes farther to about 1100 km so that it escapes Mars altogether, we are safe actually. So we didn't want to tinker unless it was essential and in any case September 14 option was available. And if we had done that we would have fired the small thrusters and that correction would have already brought the orbiter to about 500 km. But we did not do the September correction and instead what we have decided to do is to restart the LAM on September 22 when the orbiter will enter the sphere of influence of Mars. This firing, which will last only for about 4 sec, will impart some correction to the trajectory enough to bring the trajectory approximately to 500 km. So instead of firing small thrusters for a longer duration, and earlier, we will be doing it with the main engine on the 22nd for 4 sec.
Why four seconds? There are two considerations. There is a minimum time of firing necessary and four seconds are good enough to get at least 3 or 4 good points to know that the fluid flow is proper and also to measure the acceleration imparted correctly. So we will measure once in 520 milliseconds. The velocity change imparted will be about 2.14 m/s.
The second aspect is the correction from 720 km to about 550 km. The question is when you can do this. If you do it too early, it will give you a different number. And if you do it too close – you can do the previous day too – the problem is your ability or the time required to get into Plan B would be touch and go. That is why we have chosen to do this [test firing] 41 hrs before the actual MOI [that is, at 1430 hrs on the 22nd].
How have you determined the timing of this test firing?
In that time frame [of 41 hrs] we are fully within the IDSN [Indian Deep Space Network] visibility. Actually it will be in the IDSN visibility range for about seven hours from then and so there is sufficient window to do the operation on that day. There is no issue there. As I mentioned, when we fire the LAM, there are two coils in the solenoid [igniter]. First we will try firing the solenoid Coil 1. If Coil 1 works and we get a good indication of the acceleration, then we are through. If it does not work we will fire Coil 2 after a gap of 1 hr. All these operations will be tested on the 22nd. If both the coils do not work, then we don't depend on LAM.
As I said before, the centre point of the firing arc is important for the orbit. If we are going to use Plan B we have fire for more time and so we have to start the process early but the mid point will remain the same. If everything goes well as per Plan A, the nominal orbit [Fig. 2] will have an apoapsis of 80,000 km, a periapsis of 423 km and an orbital period of about 3.2 Earth days [or 76.8 hrs]. If Plan B has to be used, the apoapsis will come to about 0.27 million km. But we have to ensure that the periapsis does not come closer and so we will have to make some small corrections to the orbit.
The braking velocity required during MOI is stated to be about 1.1 km/s. What is the present velocity of the spacecraft which basically determines the burn time of the LAM?
When we speak of velocity of the spacecraft it has to be with respect one of the three celestial objects involved in the mission: the Earth, the Sun and Mars. We don’t talk about the Earth any more. With respect to the Sun, it is 22.57 km/s [81,252 km/hr]. With respect to Mars, when the burn starts the orbiter is speeding at 5.127 km/s at an altitude of 1847 km from Mars. When the burn ends after 24 min, its velocity will be 4.316 km/s and the altitude will be 973 km. During the burn the lowest altitude that the spacecraft will reach is 462 km. This reduction will not be the same as the negative velocity of 1.1 km/s that is imparted because as it moves the velocity increases because of Mars’s influence and the geometry of the trajectory.
What are the key steps involved in the MOI manoeuvre?
Before we start operations on September 24th, the orientation of the spacecraft has to be changed so that its thrust vector is in the appropriate direction to bring down its velocity. This condition has to be achieved for starting the LAM firing. The time given for the reorienting the spacecraft (rotating and changing the direction) and convergence is 21 min. So the reorientation begins at T-21 min. [Fig. 3]
When we get into this changed orientation, two things happen: one, there is an eclipse (of the Sun) [This occurs at T-5 min 13 sec; See MOI timeline]. Because of the eclipse there will be no power generation and so the batteries should have sufficient power to keep the operations going. Second, there will be an occultation taking place between the Earth and the spacecraft during the firing period [This occurs post-firing at T+4.3 min]. So there is no communication after about 4 mins of the start of LAM firing; there will be no signal coming to us in real time for about 20 mins. The thruster firing is only 1 or 0. So you will know whether firing has taken place or not and the required acceleration has to follow. Only that you will not be getting the signal. Once the braking velocity of 1098 m/s is achieved the accelerometer automatically terminates the firing. Then it is just physics and the orbiter should be in the correct orbit.
At the end also, we will start receiving the signal after the firing has just completed because the spacecraft has to be reoriented back. The reverse rotation takes about 10 min as compared to 21 mins for forward rotation. Once this happens we will begin to get the signal and power generation will also be okay. After that we have to get some 5-6 good points to measure the periapsis and the apoapsis so that we get the exact orbit achieved.
The TCM-2 [Trajectory Correction Manoeuvre] that we did in June was virtually a similar operation for our purpose. There was a telemetry cut off when the spacecraft was reoriented.
If the spacecraft misses being captured altogether, it will be lost forever…
Now if you are not able to achieve the velocity reduction at that time it will follow the escape trajectory [Fig. 3] and will be lost. You cannot do anything about it.
The most crucial firing for ISRO’s orbiter in my opinion was the TMI. Because that trajectory, that arc, decides the direction in which we are going. If we had taken a longer duration also it would have been a difficult situation. That we managed successfully. Here now the system has to work. That is the basic issue. And our projections of distance etc. show that they are steady. That is a good indication and we have done the necessary simulations and whatever commands that we have uploaded have also been tested on the ground with similar systems.
What is the situation with regard to the availability of on-board propellant for the operations involved?
For Plan A there is no issue. For Plan B we will be just on the brink because it has to work for a longer duration. The effective amount of fuel available now is about 285 kg and out of that we will be using about 250 kg for Plan A. But if Plan B has to be used we will come to about 281 kg. After that we only require for periapsis corrections. And at least 3 kg of effective will be left, which is sufficient for periapsis corrections. Otherwise what can happen is that after one orbit it may come very close to the Mars surface and it can get lost. So we need that amount for orbit corrections.
What about the health status of the instrumentation in the payloads? Do you have any idea about it?
We have tested it. When the spacecraft was in the earth orbit, all the instruments were tested and some measurements were also made to see how they perform. And sometime in April-May-June, we went through all the instruments once again. Instruments are in good health.
Any issue with regard to power?
As far as power is concerned, since power has to be provided by the battery, we have ensured that power is sufficient. So systems that are not required to be used at that time will not be powered. But thermal control systems have to be on power. Second aspect of the operation would be to test all those systems beforehand which are called upon during the MOI. There should not be any surprise. This is a basic principle which we have been following. All the autonomy provisions except the failsafe mode in case of major failure have been exercised and we have actually authorized the satellite for the autonomous operation of this process. So it will select systems like the appropriate processor, the appropriate gyro etc. The other thing is there should not be any man-made error during the entire operation.
How important is the thermal control in the Martian orbit?
Actually thermal control is not a very big issue like in the case of Chandrayaan-1 [orbital period of about 11 hrs]. But we still require thermal control for all the instruments. There are actually about 120 parameters in all to be tested and what we have seen from the analysis is that the predicted values and actual measurements match well. See we had 300 days for all this. That is the advantage.
NASA’s MAVEN will do its MOI two days before ISRO…
MAVEN has not used any of its on-board fuel so far…
Why? Didn’t they have trajectory corrections to do?
They have basically gone for a very different route. They have not gone straight as ISRO’s Mars Orbiter has done. They have gone up and coming back because their aim is to hit 150 km periapsis. There is a circuitous way of achieving that actually. They reached there anyway using their launch vehicle. Their apoapsis is around 6250 km and periapsis is nearly 150 km. Because of this low periapsis of 150 km they are going very cautiously. Trajectory corrections do not require much fuel anyway, only a few grams or so.
Have there been any cause for concern or hiccups in the mission so far?
As of now I should say in the entire mission from November 5 to date we have had only a couple of small issues. One was during the orbit-raising operations. One we had to abort. The second issue was related to about half an hour telemetry loss during the entire mission. This happened we were switching over from one telemetry system to another. We have three antennas -- low-gain antenna, high-gain antenna and medium-gain antenna – and this happened at the time of switching over from one to another. Otherwise we did not have any issue as far as the entire system is concerned.
What is your current reading with regard to the lifetime of the spacecraft?
If Plan A works we feel that a lifetime of six months should be possible. Because what we require are minor corrections to the orbit. A periapsis of 423 km gives us enough margin. We should only not hit something like 150 km or so. Otherwise it is okay. If it is Plan B we have to see how much less it would be. Only when corrections are required we have to be careful. Even if we have only one propellant, either the oxidizer or the fuel, it may not result in combustion but that itself will produce minor thrust. A gas outage also has an impact. So we can use it. These are all the bonuses that we have.
But there should be enough pressure to achieve that…
Yes, but that is a different story.

Happy Birthday Ambati RayuduLATEST PHOTOS
Happy Birthday Ambati Rayudu
After a belated international debut things seem to be looking up for Ambati Rayudu, who turns 29 on September 23, 2014. A look at some images from the talented batsman's yet nascent career.
Prev Next
India's Ambati Rayudu reacts after being bowled by England's Ben Stokes caught Alastair Cook for 53 runs during the fifth One Day International match between England and India at Headingley cricket ground, Leeds, England, Friday, Sept 5, 2014. (AP Photo/Rui Vieira)
India's Ambati Rayudu reacts after being bowled by England's Ben Stokes caught Alastair Cook for 53 runs during the fifth One Day International match between England and India at Headingley cricket ground, Leeds, England, Friday, Sept 5, 2014. (AP Photo/Rui Vieira)
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
New Zealand vs Pakistan Te...
vs.
5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
7 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
13 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
15 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Deerfield s CF Industries in merger talks with Norway s Yara0
The two firms fought a bitter battle in 2010 over control of U.S. rival Terra Industries, won by CF with a $4.7 billion offer. That deal also put Yara and CF into a 50-50 joint venture operating the GrowHow production units in Britain.
Analysts said regulatory concerns would be minimal as CF focuses on the United States while Yara has few U.S. operations. CF has major production assets while Yara is stronger downstream and runs a coveted distribution network.
With the deal, CF would gain access to global distribution while Yara would benefit from cheap U.S. gas, the main ingredient in ammonia, which forms the base of nitrate fertilizers used in agricultural crops.
Global fertilizer margins have been under pressure, mainly due to Chinese overproduction, and the International Fertilizer Industry Association expects global production growth to well outpace demand at least through 2018.
The association sees nitrogen fertilizer output rising nearly twice as fast as demand between 2014 and 2018, increasing the surplus in the market which could reach 9 percent of global production by 2018.
"In terms of revenues, Yara has the highest revenues but the lower margin, while CF has higher margin and lower revenues," Per Haagensen, an analyst at RS Platou Markets said. "It seems to me that it is a pretty fair merger of equals."
"I don't think there will be a third company coming in and trying to join in because these are the two biggest nitrogen producers essentially."
 
GOVERNMENT HURDLE
Potentially the biggest hurdle to any deal would be the Norwegian government, which owns a 36.2 percent stake in Yara.
The government said in June it would not cut its stake below 34 percent and any change in that stance would likely require approval in Parliament, an uphill battle as the government rules in a minority and relies on opposition parties to push through its agenda.
The Trade Ministry said it had not taken a position while the majority of parties contacted by Reuters said they could support the deal as long as the combined firm's headquarters stayed in Norway and the state maintained a 34 percent stake.
Another snag could be that Yara Chief Executive Joergen Ole Haslestad will be stepping down and will be replaced by Norsk Hydro CEO Richard Brandtzaeg in February.
With U.S. gas prices trading near historic lows, Yara has been working to build capacity in North America and plans to build an ammonia plant with Germany's BASF in Texas.
It also has been expanding rapidly in South America in recent years, buying Bunge's Brazilian fertilizer business and acquiring the majority of Brazilian phosphate miner Galvani Indústria.
CF Industries in March sold its phosphate business to rival Mosaic Co for $1.4 billion to focus on its core nitrogen fertilizer products. It has also been working on a $3.8 billion expansion of nitrogen fertilizer production in Louisiana and Iowa.

The Eldorado National Forest is burning. What does that mean for the family of a hiker who went missing thereBy Sarah Larimer September 23 Follow @slarimer
A firefighter battling the King blaze walks along the containment line Monday during a controlled burn. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press)
In early June, Vernon “Cody” Matthews said he was leaving his family’s Northern California vacation cabin for a hike.
He never returned .
Today, the King fire rages in the Eldorado National Forest where Matthews vanished. Crews are working to control the massive blaze , which has burned more than 89,000 acres, growing larger than the cities of Atlanta, Philadelphia and Detroit .
Matthews’s parents moved into the Pollock Pines cabin from Southern California after their son’s disappearance, but they’ve relocated again because of the fire, according to KTXL, Sacramento’s Fox affiliate . It’s unclear if their cabin still stands.
“Even though they weren’t willing to confirm it, we knew our houses had burned,” Cyndi Matthews told the station. “We saw it. If you’ve got binoculars and see you your property burst into flames no one can tell you it’s not, because you know it’s yours.”
The fire, which started east of Sacramento in mid-September, has probably destroyed any evidence that Cody Matthews may have left behind in the forest, KTXL reported.
“It’s a little hard to take,” his mother said. “Sorry. We’ll just keep looking.”
Cody Matthews, according to the Sacramento Bee , was dropped off at the cabin by relatives on June 4, a Wednesday. “His mother spoke with him by telephone on Friday before he was to leave for a hike alone,” the Bee reported.
He was never heard from again.
Matthews, the Bee said, “had no vehicle, and his personal belongings were still in the cabin. His cellphone had not been used since Friday,” the day he spoke with his mother — though, the Bee noted, “a signal was detected from his cellphone” several hours later, “south of the cabin near the south fork of the American River.”
Jeff Leikauf, of the El Dorado County Sheriff’s Office, said that as residents were evacuating the area for the fire, one person reported seeing a man who resembled a description of the missing hiker. That report has been passed along to authorities, he said.
Rescue teams, including personnel from the U.S. Forest Service and the California Highway Patrol, searched for Cody Matthews after the then-23-year-old went missing . There were no indications of foul play at the time.
In his absence, his family celebrated his birthday this month, after the King fire had already begun to burn.
“If we don’t have a body, if we don’t have a crime scene, nothing saying he’s dead, we’re assuming he’s alive,” Cyndi Matthews said, according to KTXL, which continued:
It’s why they celebrated their son’s 24th birthday this Wednesday doing something he would love. The Matthews paddled a canoe out on Jenkinson Lake. In a photo, smoke blooms above the trees as Cyndi smiles at a picture of her son.
“We’re hoping he’s just not here. Because if he’s here then he’s not with us anymore,” said Cyndi.
RELATED READING:

Smart start for ShardaSmart start for Sharda
Mobile retailers explore tie-ups with Flipkart  Snapdeal to stem falling footfallse-commerce
(The Mobile Store, India’s…)
NEW DELHI: Large mobile phone retailers such as The Mobile Store and UniverCell are looking to partner with online stores such as Flipkart , Amazon and Snapdeal in a bid to stem falling footfalls and revenue as handset vendors increasingly choose the online-only sale model and attract consumers with discounts.
The Mobile Store, India's largest mobile phone retailer, plans to tie up with e-commerce players to enable it to help customers at its outlets to buy devices online if they choose to. "It will not help us if we resist, we need to adapt quickly," said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti, who is putting together a plan under which the company will be entitled to monetary benefits from sales of the ecommerce player as per a commercial agreement.
Additional revenue will come from offering customers other services and higher-margin products like accessories. The Essar Group-owned company, which has 800 outlets across 150 cities, has already taken the first step towards this integration with the online world by offering an extended warranty to customers buying smartphones from Snapdeal. com. The Mobile Store's year-long extended warranty on Snapdeal costs between Rs 99 and Rs 1,199 for smartphones across price points.
It kicks in after the manufacturer warranty expires, allowing unlimited number of repairs within the guarantee period. Chennai-based UniverCell also plans to work alongside online retailers by offering the use of its outlets as experience centres where customers can also get after-purchase services that online stores cannot provide, such as setting up smartphones, transferring contacts and limited-period free theft and damage insurance.
"We're partnering with online players to see how we can complement each other. We're also talking to original equipment makers to see if they can launch some phones exclusively offline," said Sathish Babu, founder of UniverCell, which has over 450 stores in major south Indian states including Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.
Online retail has cornered 12-14% of monthly sales from offline retailers in a short span of time, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. According to industry estimates, prices of devices on websites are at least 10% lower than those sold in retail outlets. The popularity of online retailers has also grown due to exclusive smartphone launches by Motorola, Xiaomi and vendors of Android One phones, helping the companies save almost 30% on distribution costs.
These factors have affected the viability of brick-and-mortar stores, putting the two retailing factions at loggerheads. The Mobile Store's Chakravarti said collaboration was the need of the hour and its plan involves offering its stores to online players so that customers can touch and feel a phone before buying it and also get after-sales service and extended warranty.
"They can decide to buy from us, our website or any of the online retailers they choose. We're quickly reorienting the training of our employees for this, for the future, rather than resist the technology, which by definition is disruptive," he added. UniverCell's Babu said that he was training a team on educating customers on the challenges or problems of buying online.
"But besides that, we'll be offering finance schemes without any interest bundled with the sale, a standby phone in case yours comes up for repairs and personal mobile phone trainers will go to homes or offices to help people set up the phone. All these are not done online," he added. While the retail chains are yet to sign on the dotted line, Jayanth Kolla, partner at Convergence Catalyst, said that partnering with online players was a near-sighted move, focused more on protecting turf.
"It's a short-term and opportunistic (move) in nature, till original equipment makers figure out their online distribution channel strategies and set up processes for these channels, which is eventually bound to happen," he said. Samsung recently announced its support to offline retailers by extending exclusive sales rights to 48 smartphone models even as a large number of its other phones are sold across ecommerce platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Floods  landslides kill 45 in Assam  MeghalayaFloods, landslides kill 45 in Assam, Meghalaya
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, September 23, 2014
First Published: 20:00 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:02 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Floods and landslides caused by incessant rainfall have claimed at least 45 lives in Assan and Meghalaya since Sunday.
More than 125 people were reported missing while 14 lakh people have been displaced in these two states.
Police in Meghalaya capital Shillong said eight persons, including a pregnant woman, were buried alive under debris early Tuesday morning following a landslide in the Mawbah area.
“Five victims belong to the same family,” East Khasi Hills police chief M Kharkrang said. Landslides in the Garo Hills area of the state had killed 11 on Monday while another drowned.
“Seventeen people are feared buried under debris,” North Garo Hills district additional superintendent of police Ramesh Singh said.
Landslides cut off Shillong and Garo Hills headquarters Tura at several stretches stranding at least 2,000 people. Nonstop rain for the last 72 hours also claimed the lives of 25 people in Assam, the worst affected being Goalpara district bordering Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Officials said more than 100 people were missing – possibly washed away – in Goalpara, Kamrup and Dhubri districts. Indian Air Force choppers were pressed into service for rescuing the marooned people while 15 teams of National Disaster Relief Force were deployed in the flood-affected areas.
The army was also called out in Assam and Meghalaya for relief operations. “We have opened 78 relief camps for the flood-affected people,” Goalpara deputy commissioner Pritam Saikia said, adding the state disaster relief force was also carrying out rescue missions round the clock.
Guwahati, Assam’s principal city, too was hit by floods and landslides that claimed five of the 25 victims in the state. The flood situation in the city did not improve much on Tuesday, forcing the state administration to call the army in.
“We have ordered all educational institutes to remain closed on Wednesday,” said Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner M Angamuthu. The Regional Meteorological Centre, meanwhile, has predicted heavy showers in the next 48 hours across Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya.
River Brahmaputra and all its tributaries have been overflowing since Monday.

Why India should not be worried with Xi s comment over combat readinessYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Why India should not be worried with Xi Jinping's comment over combat readiness
Sep 24, 2014, 04.26AM IST
(India should not be alarmed…)
By Srikanth Kondapalli
China's president Xi Jinping stated on September 22, speaking at the military (PLA) staff commanders meeting that they should "improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology". Further he called on the armed forces of the country to "update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC".
Coming as it were immediately after his India visit, this statement had attracted Indian attention given the stand-off in Chumar area of the western sector of the border. It is reported that China had mobilsed between 600-1,000 troops in this area and has been occupying the heights in the region for reinforcing sovereignty claims as well as better position them in military operations.
However, while the context of the meeting coincided with the events in the western sector, Xi's statement on winning regional wars need not alarm the Indian side in escalating to a higher gear. Firstly, statements such as the above are made routinely to the armed forces of the country at increasing pace since the 1991 Gulf War waged by the United States led forces in Iraq.
The PLA, which supplied tanks and other equipment to Saddam Hussein forces since the 1970s, was shocked to see how its equipment was obliterated in the war through a "no-contact" war. The previous war that the PLA waged against the Vietnamese in 1979 was likewise a disaster compelling Deng Xiaoping to openly criticize the PLA as "bloated and lax".
Subsequently, Jiang Zemin, who headed the Central Military Commission from 1989 Tiananmen Square incident until 2002, spearheaded structural reorganization of the armed forces to make them "lean and mean" in order to fight regional wars, mentioned as "local war under modern conditions" and then since recently "local war under informationised conditions".
Jiang's successors Hu Jintao and Xi Jinping continued this process and all the eight white papers on defence released by China since 1998 reiterated the changed military doctrine towards local or regional wars. Secondly, Xi Jinping's assertion soon after becoming the Chairman of the CMC in October 2012 that he will not sacrifice "core interests" (viz., sovereignty claims) for the sake of "developmental interests" (economic development, globalisation, trade, investments, etc) had underlined the PLA missions in East and South China Seas as well as on the unresolved land territorial disputes with India (and Bhutan).
To recall, the PLA commanders since the 1990s also suggested that regional or local wars will be fought on the issue of "unresolved territorial disputes" as well. This had resulted in certain concerns in India on whether the PLA's intention to settle in Chumar area for the long haul will result in a "regional war" between India and China.
Nevertheless, while China has acquired conventional and strategic superiority over the Indian forces with its consistently double digit defence expenditures for the last two decades, India has its own niche areas in Air-Land battle, professionalism of the forces, command and control integration and the ability to fight a war with Revolution in Military Affairs.
The 1987 Samdurong Chu incident - in which China mobilized 250 troopstriggered the Indian Operation Checkerboard. It is estimated by certain Chinese that the kill ratio in this simulation exercise was for every one Indian, there were ten Chinese casualties. This has alarmed the PLA. Thirdly, Xi's statement on regional wars should be seen in the context of multi-targets that the PLA has - on the United States forces, Japan, Vietnam, Philippines, India and counter-terrorism.
This is a tall order for the PLA to cope up with and the only possible explanation for the speech yesterday could at most be waging "psychological war" on the Indian troops positioned in Ladakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drug watchdog NPPA stripped of its key powersDrug watchdog NPPA stripped of some of its key powers
Soma Das, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Indian Pharma Alliance
(Drug companies — both…)
NEW DELHI: The National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn a controversial guideline it had invoked to cut prices of drugs outside of a government-drawn list of essential medicines after receiving directions from the ministry of pharmaceuticals, a development that will cheer pharma companies but may face opposition from activists. The directive from the ministry was on the basis of an opinion from Solicitor-General Ranjit Kumar , which said NPPA had over-reached its powers by cutting prices of medicines outside the essential list by citing public interest
The restrictions on NPPA's powers are with prospective effect and will not impact its decision to cut prices of 108 drugs in July, an order that had angered the industry, drawing denunciations from CEOs such as Biocon's Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw .
The National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) terms 652 formulations as essential. But under an internal guideline issued in May, NPPA assumed the power to regulate medicines outside the NLEM list citing a clause in the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) allowing the regulator to invoke public interest to regulate prices of drugs deemed non-essential
In July, NPPA shook the pharma industry by cutting prices of 108 drugs citing huge inter-brand price differences in various categories of drugs. NPPA termed the price differences as "extraordinary". But in a nine-page opinion, reviewed by ET, Kumar has told the department of pharmaceuticals that NPPA's July orders invoking public interest to fix prices of non-essential drugs "are not in consonance" with the drug pricing control order, 2013.
The solicitor-general has held that the power NPPA has exercised should be used sparingly under truly extraordinary circumstances such as "epidemic, financial deficit, restricted supply of lifesaving drugs" in public interest for a fixed time period. On Monday, NPPA said in a brief note that it was withdrawing the May guidelines on the direction of department of pharmaceuticals. It did not elaborate.
Government officials said that NPPA and the pharma department have had differences over the manner in which a special provision was being used by the pricing regulator to expand the number of drugs under price control.
Consequently, the pharma department had sought the solicitor-general's view on the matter. The solicitor-general has held that the special clause NPPA has invoked cannot be used in a routine manner. NPPA cannot use a residuary and emergency power as a method of general dispensation, said Kumar. Further, the reasons cited by the regulator do not qualify as "extraordinary circumstances" and "public interest".
Also, considering NPPA can only exercise powers delegated to it by the government, it can be asked to "modify the guidelines and change its stand", he has held. Pharma industry officials said the turn of events validates their stand.
"It confirms the industry position that para 19 (special clause) is not the correct instrument for modification of DPCO 2013," said DG Shah, secretary-general, Indian Pharma Alliance , a grouping of domestic drugmakers.
Drug companies — both domestic and MNCs — have been up in arms against the pricing regulator's actions. Industry bodies representing drugmakers have challenged NPPA's decision in the high courts of Delhi and Mumbai. Before moving the court, the Indian drugmakers sought the intervention of Ananth Kumar, Union minister of chemicals and fertilisers, claiming that inter-brand differences cannot be termed as "extraordinary".
"The inter-brand differences have always existed and were in existence when the NLEM was drawn up. Also, the inter-brand differences would be found in every single formulation which is manufactured by more than one formulator," the IPA's letter to the minister said, arguing by that logic every drug which has more than one player will come under price control, negating the purpose of NLEM 2011, and national pharma pricing policy, 2012.
However Tuesday's developments will not reverse price caps NPPA has already set for hundreds of cardiological, diabetes and other drugs. For that, NPPA would have to withdraw price notification it has issued since July. However, it would restrain NPPA from issuing similar orders for other drugs in future.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Breaking with tradition  Philips splits off lightingBreaking with tradition  Philips splits off lighting
Inspired by Alibaba  Tatas to get into e-com...Alibaba Group
(Tata already operates an…)
NEW DELHI: The Tata Group plans a bigbang entry into the Indian ecommerce space with the marketplace model that has been made immensely successful by Alibaba — which just made a record initial public offering in the US — and has also been emulated domestically by Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal, according to two people familiar with Tata Group's plans.
The initiative will be led by Tata Industries Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Tata Sons that shepherds the group's entry into new businesses, and not by its existing retail units, said one of the persons.
"Tata Industries incubates new businesses as they have done with Tata's entry into auto components and telecom ventures," said the person, who didn't want to be named. "Then such businesses are taken forward by their respective units." A Tata Sons spokesperson said the group is eyeing the country's ecommerce business but did not elaborate on plans. "Suffice it to say that ecommerce is of interest to the Tata Group. We will share more information at the appropriate moment," the person said.
To be sure, Tata already operates an ecommerce site for its consumer electronics business Croma, but the marketplace model will allow any vendor to sell on the platform, similar to what Amazon or Flipkart do in India. Ecommerce marketplaces make money by charging fee or commission from merchants using them.
Tata is modeling its business on Tmall.com, the Alibaba Group's marketplace, said the second person cited above. This, along with twin B2C marketplace Taobao.com, generated about $248 billion in gross merchandise sales last year for the Chinese company, more than that of Amazon.com and eBay put together.
The yet-to-be-named marketplace is planned to be rolled out next year and will initially showcase Tata's existing retail chain brands such as Westside, Croma and Star Bazaar. Tata is also working to rope in joint venture partner Zara, which otherwise sells online only through its own sites globally, to sell on the platform, the person added.
Tata has already started the process of hiring people as well enrolling vendors for its marketplace, the person said.
India's ecommerce market has been red-hot in recent years with market leader Flipkart clocking a valuation of $7 billion in a July funding round when it raised $1 billion from a clutch of existing investors. A day later, Amazon announced plans to invest $2 billion in India.
India's online retail business is expected to surge to between $19 billion and 38 billion, from about $2.3 billion in annual sales now, according to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors.
Enticed by the potential, several Indian companies, including Reliance Industries, are planning online retailing forays. Tata has a sizeable presence in real-world retail, which includes high-profile JVs with Britain's Tesco, Spain's Zara and No. 1 coffee chain Starbucks . Interestingly, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, has invested personally in Snapdeal and online jewellery retailer Bluestone in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India deserves larger car market: Ratan TataIndia deserves a much larger car market, says Ratan Tata
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 24 Sep, 2014, 05.53AM IST
“Indian car market doesn’t deserve to be 3 million. We need to ask ourselves have we made cars too expensive for consumers to own. Have we focused on a low-scale, highmargin business,” Tata said. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India deserves a much larger car market and the country's automobile manufacturers must introspect why so few cars are sold here compared to China, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons has said.
"Indian car market doesn't deserve to be 3 million. We need to ask ourselves have we made cars too expensive for consumers to own. Have we focused on a low-scale, high-margin business," Tata told an audience at a function organised by Frost and Sullivan, a consultancy. The audience was predominantly from the automobile industry.
Tata was speaking at the Frost & Sullivan Growth Innovation Leadership (GIL) 2014 Summit. He received the GIL Visionary Leadership Award and entered the GIL Community's Hall of Fame joining an elite roster including Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Sir Richard Branson , Mitchell Baker, Jack Andraka, Marc Benioff , Steve Woods, and Judy Estrin, among others
Tata, who's credited for Tata Motors decision to make cars, including the Nano, which was at first touted as the cheapest car before it was repositioned as a car aimed at the youth is seen among his peers as a car-buff.
On being asked for his views on the future of Indian automotive industry, Tata compared China to India and the way the car industry has grown rapidly in China. "All I can say is that there is no reason for the car industry looking at the sales of 3 million when a country like China had a lower sales and lower manufacturing then we did, has now touched almost 15-18 million units today."
On innovation, one of his favourite topics, Tata said the youth should be given more opportunities to fearlessly espouse their ideas. "In my 20-30 years in business, I have seen that Indians have contributed significantly to new products and new technologies in the world, however, all that seems to happen with Indians outside India, we need to ask ourselves why." Tata, in recent months, has invested in his personal capacity in e-tailers Snapdeal and Bluestone.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Mahayuti  deadlock over seat-sharing continuesMahayuti  deadlock over seat-sharing continues
Diversity conference aims to spread the wordDiversity conference aims to spread the word
Pam McElvane
Diversity MBA photo, HANDOUT
Pam McElvane is chief executive of P&L Group, which publishes Diversity MBA magazine.
Pam McElvane is chief executive of P&L Group, which publishes Diversity MBA magazine. (Diversity MBA photo, HANDOUT)
By Cheryl V. Jackson,, Special to the Tribune
Making diversity a priority
Magazine publisher wants to spread the word on diversity
Roseland entrepreneur Pam McElvane has a message for corporate America: Get out of your comfort zone and diversify your leadership ranks.
  Open link
The chief executive officer of P&L Group, which publishes Diversity MBA magazine, is convening her eighth-annual conference on diversity this week in Oak Brook that will recognize the top 50 U.S. companies that have made the greatest diversity and inclusion gains, including such Chicago-area companies as A.T. Kearney, Health Care Services Corp., Hyatt Hotels, Northern Trust, Allstate Insurance and DePaul University. Companies are selected based on a proprietary questionnaire.
This year's top-ranked company is Accenture.
The Diversity MBA Leadership Conference & Awards Gala, which runs through Thursday at the DoubleTree by Hilton Chicago in Oak Brook, also includes industry round-tables, an event honoring the Top 100 executives of color under 50, and a college leadership summit luncheon
What follows is an edited conversation with McElvane.
Q: How have companies responded to calls for increasing diversity in the executive and management ranks?
0
A: Some companies have embraced it. Some have created internal strategies that have created access to opportunities that some employees normally would not get.
The second type of company would say, in our succession process, we have a diverse candidate slated for every position. But putting somebody on a candidate slate doesn't guarantee that they'll get promoted or advance to the next opportunity. If nothing happened — which is the case in a high percentage of the time — they're saying, "We did an activity."
The last group says, we have a management process based on how well you do, regardless of ethnicity or gender. But there, you have a ton of bias. Most of them are wired to go with who they are comfortable with.
Q: Do the companies that will be recognized for their commitment to building a diverse workforce share any common beliefs or guiding principles?
A: They believe people are their most valued asset. They believe this work cannot be done if they do not support their people. They believe that developing and providing good work environments for their employees will result in good opportunities.
Q: What is the goal of the conference?
A: It aims to create an intentional platform to have conversation. We bring not just diversity practitioners, but business leaders, and they dialogue. Our publishing arm allows us to share some of our outcomes with others. We're about 1.8 million readers online.
Q: What do you want people to take away from this gathering?
A: This year, I want folks to go deeper into conversations and the work that they're doing, and think about what it is they can take away from each other.
Our industry round-tables, with a cross-section of leaders, are places to really begin to say we can come up with some solution-starting conversations and think, "What can I do to impact change?" We drive that. We ask people to find one commitment they can make when they go back.

Alibabas Jack Ma tops China rich listAlibaba’s Jack Ma tops China rich list
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f7be596-42d0-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese bid for Club Med falls throughChinese bid for Club Med falls through as Bonomi wins out
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai and Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e126958-238e-11e4-be13-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should business leaders have made anti-independence statements in the referendum campaignShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Scotland vote - do business and politics mix?
Sep 22, 2014 : Questions have been raised about business leaders making anti-independence statements during the Scottish referendum campaign. Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor, and Jonathan Guthrie, City editor, debate whether political engagement by businesses is acceptable.

Retailer admits overstating profits forecast by 250m and calls in Deloitte to undertake a reviewShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Tesco overstates first-half profits
Sep 22, 2014 : Tesco has admitted overstating first-half profits by an estimated £250m and called in Deloitte to undertake a ‘comprehensive review’. FT writers Oliver Ralph, Andrea Felsted and Brooke Masters look at the impact on Britain’s biggest retailer by sales.
Links:  Tesco reveals it overstated first-half results by £250m  /  Credits: Filmed by Steve Ager. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Footage from Getty, Reuters and www.freesfx.co.uk.

Fosun bids $580m for Esprito Santo SadeFosun offers $580m for Espírito Santo Saúde
By Josh Noble and Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f553100c-42d1-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China banks to relax mortgage ratesChina banks poised to relax mortgage rates, say state media
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db301fb2-42d6-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uighur rights activist sentenced to lifeUighur rights activist sentenced to life imprisonment in China
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b92333dc-42e5-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uighur activist goes on trial in ChinaUighur rights activist goes on trial in China
By Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca5d8bfe-3e47-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top China imam killed in Xinjiang clashes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/555b09b2-1809-11e4-a82d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyundai shifts gears with new China plantHyundai shifts back to growth with new China plant
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c97ac172-b4c5-11e3-9166-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyundai hopes new model Sonata is a smashHyundai hopes new model Sonata is a smash
By Song Jung-a and Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a96c2e82-a388-11e3-aa85-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India: A finite balanceRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

The big gaps on Tescos boardSeptember 23, 2014 9:30 am
Tesco’s board is seriously lacking in retail experience
By Luke Johnson
General business skills are not nearly enough
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c0f73a2-4245-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian rupee likely to end 2014 at 61 despite strong US dollar: BofA-MLE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Australias luck runs low as China coolsAustralia’s luck runs low as Chinese economy cools
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6412e84e-42e8-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scots No starts rather than ends debateThe Scottish No vote is the start not the end of the argument
By John Kay
The fiscal settlement will not be able to survive the scrutiny it will now receive
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93d842b6-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taxes / Tesco / Jimmy ChooUS Treasury hopes to stand logic of tax inversion deals on head
By Alison Smith
Hubris combined with weak rules could be key factors
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91ea274c-430f-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Top Industrialists to Participate in  Make in India  DriveCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Leading industrialists, including Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani and Essar Group chairman Shashi Ruia, and many other global and domestic CEOs will participate in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' campaign, to be launched here on Thursday.
The campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
"The Make in India Campaign is one of the key missions of the Government and companies from India and outside are being welcomed to expand and set up facilities for manufacturing in India - for servicing the domestic and global markets. CEOs of important manufacturing companies in India both domestic and MNCs will be present in the function," the official invite sent by the government said.
Other high profile chief executives likely to be present at the launch include chairman of Tata Group Cyrus Mistry, Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra, Biocon CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw and ITC chairman Y C Deveshvar.
In his maiden Independence Day address this year, PM Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan: "Come, make in India."
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India.
Meanwhile, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said all missions have been directed to highlight Prime Minister Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' campaign through conducting various events.
Video links in Hindi and English would be provided for the people to listen to his speech and where time zones are not compatible, the missions have been asked to do it next day, he said.
A lot of information on the country's industrial policy has been sent to the missions to share it with the business community in their host countries, he added.
The campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 22:47 (IST)

US tinkers with problem of tax inversionBarack Obama’s halfhearted swipe at tax inversion
The US administration opts for tinkering rather than bold tax reform
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9582647a-4321-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Short View on divergenceSeptember 23, 2014 7:29 pm
Divergence as an approach can only go so far
Like any trade, its success depends on what is already priced in
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd0296ce-4338-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Podcast: Sarkozys returnSarkozy returns to frontline politics Sep 23, 2014 - 4:58 pm
With President François Hollande languishing at record lows in the polls, former president Nicolas Sarkozy has announced that he plans to return to frontline politics, which almost certainly means a view to running for the presidency in 2017. Gideon Rachman is joined by Hugh Carnegy,  Paris bureau chief, and Tony Barber to discuss his prospects.

China property slump gathers paceChina property slump gathers pace in July
By James Kynge in London and Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51b45632-269c-11e4-bc19-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Property bubble is major risk to ChinaProperty bubble is ‘major risk to China’
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
©Bloomberg
The Yujiapu development aims to replicate Wall Street
On desolate salt flats on the far outskirts of China’s sixth-largest city, dozens of enormous half-built skyscrapers stand as a monument to the excess and optimism of the Chinese real estate market.
As physical manifestations of China’s property bubble go, few examples can beat this effort to replicate Wall Street in a wasteland 40km outside Tianjin and 150km from the capital Beijing.
More
Big banks find strong appetite for coco bonds
Blueprints for the Yujiapu Financial District are intentionally modelled on Manhattan’s skyline, complete with an ersatz Rockefeller Center and twin office towers that look uncannily similar to the ones destroyed on September 11 2001.
Officials in charge of the project boast that when Yujiapu is eventually finished in 2019 it will be one-third larger than the City of London and more than three times the size of New York’s financial district, at least in terms of surface area.
But after years of soaring prices and frantic construction across the entire country, China’s real estate bubble is showing serious signs of strain and this project’s fate is now in question.
The country’s property market is barely 15 years old and nobody has ever experienced a real crash because, before the late 1990s, most urban residents in post-Communist China were still provided housing by their “work unit”.
Chinese banks started issuing home loans in 1997 and as recently as 1994 a central bank official charged with translating an American financial document had to look to Taiwan for a translation since no dictionary in Beijing included a Chinese word for “mortgage”.
Even before the global financial crisis of 2008 many were already warning of a property bubble in China, prompting the government to introduce purchasing and downpayment restrictions to slow soaring prices.
But when the crisis hit and the economy went into freefall, Beijing decided it had no choice but to refill the property bubble with a tidal wave of credit.
More video
The result was an immediate rebound and an increase of total debt in the economy from about 140 per cent of gross domestic product at the end of 2008, to more than 250 per cent at the end of June.
To understand the scale of the resulting building boom, consider this statistic: in just two years – 2011 and 2012 – China produced more cement than the US did in the entire 20th century.
In the past decade much of China’s construction frenzy has been driven by real demand, from people wanting to urbanise or upgrade their homes or from speculators who have almost no other options to invest their newfound wealth.
China’s stock market has been in the doldrums since a massive bubble burst in 2007, returns on bank deposits are negligible or negative and the country’s capital controls mean citizens cannot easily diversify their portfolios abroad.
The government itself has an enormous incentive to keep pumping the bubble up, since all land is technically owned by the state and land sales made up 60 per cent of local government’s budgetary revenues last year, according to estimates from JPMorgan.
Since 2008 land prices have increased fivefold, triggering corresponding asset price rises, but even as prices soared and supply mushroomed, demand for housing and office space pretty much kept up – until this year.
Prices in 55 of China’s 70 largest cities fell in June from a month earlier, compared with just 35 cities in May, accelerating a downward trend that began at the start of the year and marking the sharpest monthly price decline since December 2008.
“China’s real estate market seems to have reached a turning point,” said Zhu Haibin, a JPMorgan economist, in a recent report. “A housing market slowdown is the major near-term macro risk in China.”
The turning point seems to have come because China has simply built too much.
Until 2011, the market mostly saw supply shortages but today total floor space under construction is enough to satisfy well over four years of demand at a national level.
In some of the worst affected provinces, there is enough supply for more than seven years of demand.
More than 90 per cent of households already own at least one home and, for those urban households that own apartments, nearly 76 per cent of their assets are in real estate, according to Gan Li, director of the Survey and Research Center for China Household Finance.
Mr Gan estimates that China’s existing housing stock is already more than sufficient for every household to own their home but developers are still supplying well over 15m new units a year.
Back in Yujiapu, construction on the skyscrapers has slowed to a crawl as ambitious government planners ponder the possibility that China’s real estate bubble has finally burst and their dream of Wall Street on the Tianjin salt flats will never become reality.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

End to property boom barely begunJuly 7, 2014 6:04 am
End to China’s property boom has barely begun
By George Magnus
Financial markets are having trouble pricing the implications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71a9e156-fafe-11e3-8959-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why scrutinising retailers is so trickyWhy scrutinising retailers is so tricky
By Harriet Agnew and Alison Smith in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4393e2b6-430c-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iranian President Says He Can t Do Anything About Detained Reporterreddit
Iranian president Hassan Rouhani addressed his country's continued detention of Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaiain in a meeting with American editors and journalists in New York on Friday.
Poynter's Andrew Beaujon reported that Post editor Martin Baron was among the group which met with Rouhani. New York Times editor Dean Baquet, who was also present, told Beaujon that there were "a couple dozen editors and reporters from most major news outlets" in attendance.
Rouhani is in the US for the annual meeting of the UN General Assembly.
One of the people in the room, Wall Street Journal editor Gerard Baker, wrote an account of the meeting for his paper. He said that Rouhani was less than helpful when it came to Rezaiain, who has been detained along with his wife, a fellow reporter, since July :
Mr. Rouhani declined to offer any new details on the arrest and incarceration of two journalists working for foreign newspapers who have been detained by Iranian authorities for the last two months. He said the fate of Jason Rezaiain of the Washington Post and his wife, Yeganeh Salehi of Au-Dhabi-based newspaper, The National, lay in the hands of the Iranian judiciary, and suggested he was powerless to intervene.
"The judiciary has not rendered a judgment" on their case, he said, but he added, that "I hope there will soon be some finality for them."
There has been no information about why Rezaiain was detained. Iran's foreign minister has previously said only that he is facing charges "as an Iranian citizen," and that he is being interrogated.
More:

NYC gears up to cope with heavy rush for Modi s speechNYC gears up to cope with heavy rush for Modi s speech
Court call on coal blocks todayCourt call on coal blocks today
http://usat.ly/1qrPYkF240,000 reasons to be a corporate director
Best part-time gig in Corporate America? Directorships, now paying $240K.
Post to Facebook
240,000 reasons to be a corporate director Best part-time gig in Corporate America? Directorships, now paying $240K. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pc5m5o
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
240,000 reasons to be a corporate director
Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 2:47 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Hudsucker Industries director Sidney Mussburger (Paul Newman) with other board members in 1994's The Hudsucker Proxy.
(Photo: Warner Bros.)
41 CONNECT 59 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Directors at major public companies received nearly $240,000 in pay, stock and other fees last year, underscoring the continued rise in payouts for what's arguably the most lucrative, best-paying part-time gig in Corporate America.
Larger stock grants accounted for the bulk of the director compensation, which rose to a median $239,977 from $227,000 in 2012 and is up 20% from 2009, according to a new analysis of Fortune 500 companies by compensation consultant Towers Watson.
The 6% gain in median director pay was double 2012's 3% rise and the biggest annual jump since 2011. About a third of publicly held companies hike board retainers every year, although most companies held the line on director pay in the post-financial crisis fallout of 2008 and 2009.
While board seats were once relished for their clubby, insular atmosphere and rubber-stamping of management wishes, increased regulatory scrutiny and more intense interest from corporate governance experts and rumblings by activist hedge funds have raised the profile of directorships and certainly made them more labor-intensive.
"Fundamentally, directors are being asked to do more and more - there's an increase in responsibility, accountability and more of a spotlight on them,'' says Todd Lippincott,  head of Towers Watson's North America executive compensation consultancy.
The number of board and committee meetings directors attend each year remains relatively stable - a median of seven full board meetings in 2013. But Lippincott notes that directors are spending more time preparing and connecting with management, advisers and shareholders.
Corporate governance experts say on average, directors should spend 30 to 40 hours a month on board matters, about double what was expected before the financial crisis. But heavier workloads and more intense scrutiny has not diminished the pool of potential directors as corporations have reached out for a wider, more diverse talent pool.
Still, Robin Ferracone,  CEO of compensation consultant Farient Advisors and author of Fair Pay, Fair Play: Aligning Executive Performance and Pay, says there's no shortage of  board candidates.
"There's more supply than demand when it comes to qualified candidates,'' says Ferracone, who expects director pay to continue rising in the mid-single digit rates.
"This isn't chump change,'' Ferracone says of director pay. "Directors don't want to pay themselves too much, but there's a recognition that the pay needs to be reasonable for the work they do."
Among U.S. companies, just a handful have reduced director compensation in the past year.
Occidental Petroleum, under pressure from activists over compensation granted to former CEO Ray Irani, now caps base director compensation at $350,000 a year, with stock awards cut 25%. Several board members received at least $510,000 in 2013. And in the wake of on-going financial woes, chemotherapy systems provider Delcath Systems cut its $50,000 annual stock grant by 50%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
41 CONNECT 59 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pc5m5o
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1oh8UmxStarbucks to buy the rest of Starbucks Japan
By: Bruce Horovitz September 23, 2014 6:20 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
Starbucks
is buying, well, Starbucks.
Specifically:  the remaining 60.5% of Starbucks Japan.   After that, it will own all of the roughly 1,000-plus stores that employ more than 25,000 workers.
Starbucks in Japan has been a joint venture between Starbucks and Sazaby League for nearly 20 years.  That’s about to change with a two-step tender offer process.
Step One:  Sazaby will tender its shares on Sept. 26th.  The purchase price for Sazaby’s 39.5% share is about $505 million US dollars.   When that tender offer is settled, probably during the middle of Starbucks first quarter of fiscal 2015, Starbucks will own a controlling 79% interest in Starbucks Japan.
Step Two: Shortly after settlement of the first step, Starbucks will initiate the second step for the remaining 21% ownership interest.  The tender offer purchase price for this second step is about $408.5 million US dollars.
The transactions are expected to be fully completed during the first half of calendar 2015.
The unstated Step Three:  Celebrate, perhaps, with a round of lattes?
 

Why do we need term insuranceWhy do we need term insurance
LIVE: Indias Mars mission in its last leg as Mangalyan nears the RedPlanetISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:12 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:49 am
India scripted history on Wednesday with the success of its Mars mission . As the Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to the Red Planet in the first attempt. Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.
Here are the highlights:
9:03 am: Howdy @ MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around, tweets ISRO’s new Mars Orbiter Twitter Handle @MarsOrbiter
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:44 am: 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:40 am: If our cricket team wins 1 tournament country celebrates. This mission is thousand times bigger achievement: PM Modi
8.37 am: NASA congratulates ISRO:
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG
8.32 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this day must be celebrated as ‘Anand Utsav’.
8.31 am: This has been achieved after years of hardwork and blessings/wishes of all Indians.
8.25 am: This too must become a base for challenging the next frontier, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.23 am: Our space programme has been an example of achievement, which inspires us to strive for excellence.
8.20 am: With your efforts and hard work, we have developed the habit of achieving the impossible, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells ISRO scientists.
8.18 am: With every success, comes a new challenge, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.14 am: These are accomplishments that will go down in the pages of history, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.13 am: We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, PM addresses ISRO scientists.
8.10 am: Mars has got a MOM today, always knew MOM will not let us down, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.03 am: ISRO becomes fourth space agency to complete Mars mission. First in Asia and first to do it in first attempt.
8.00 am: India’s Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit.
7.56 am: Scientists will wait for over a week before deploying science instruments on MOS. Camera will be used today for first pix.
7.55 am: Scientists glued to monitors eagerly awaiting data on whether MOS has gone into Mars orbit to plan of 423 km x 80,000 km.
7.50 am:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
7.49 am: The speed of the main engine is 1098.7 meters per second.
7.42 am:
Burn end? The firing must have been completed by now & MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication. pic.twitter.com/ztn42wHwfN
7.40 am: Mangalyaan entering into Mars orbit just a few hours after NASA’s Maven did.
7.31 am:

http://usat.ly/ZcvaIDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo
No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken. The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No buzz.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract more than its share of
Post to Facebook
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken. The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No buzz.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract more than its share of Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pbZxEU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Beer Can Chicken: Popeyes seeks microbrew mojo
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:34 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Popeyes Beer Can Chicken.
2253 CONNECT 116 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No, you won't be carded if you order a round of Popeyes' new Beer Can Chicken.
The chicken has no beer.  No alcohol.  No fame.  But if Popeyes has its way, it will at least attract lots of social media buzz — and sales.
The fast-food chain on Tuesday announced that it had rolled out the limited-time offer nationally through Oct. 25.  Unlike more traditional, Southern-influenced beer can chicken, which is commonly made by grilling a whole chicken outdoors with a full can of beer inside, this one's pretty tame.
The beer flavor in the Popeyes version — which is fried, not grilled — comes from a mixture of marinade seasonings, including garlic, butter, rosemary, onion, cayenne pepper, lemon zest and an undisclosed flavoring.  At $3.99, the chicken breast is hand-battered, cut into three strips and served with a spicy dipping sauce, Cajun fries and a biscuit.
"No one in fast food has ever done anything like this," says Hector Munoz, CMO at Popeyes, in a phone interview. "It's not about the beer. It's about the flavor."
It's also about the trend.  With the wild popularity of craft beer as a driver, beer or beer flavors are showing up in all sorts unlikely restaurant foods and beverages.  Starbucks has just begun testing a non-alcoholic coffee that has a beer flavor, and Red Robin has been selling beer shakes for several years.
"There is some craft beer craziness," says Chris Rice, president and publisher of All About Beer Magazine. "Consumers today want unique experiences, and these brands want to connect with consumers who have high disposable incomes."
Popeyes has been working on the Beer Can Chicken for years, says Munoz.  While Popeyes Beer Can Chicken chicken doesn't have any beer in it, he says, "It captures the flavors found in beer can chicken."
Because there's no beer — and because the product is fried instead of grilled — there were some internal discussions about using the name Popeyes Beer Can Chicken, says Munoz.  "But given that we capture the flavors, we decided it was OK to do it."
The fall timing — with Octoberfests in the air — was not accidental.  But executives opted to keep Octoberfest out of the marketing, "because we don't want to create confusion."
As if the name Popeyes Beer Can  Chicken doesn't create any of that.
But it also created social media buzz.
"It's the little things that make life worth livin'," tweeted Popeyes Beer Can Chicken fan Josh Hoyng.
But a tweet from Arseinclarse questioned Popeyes for even trying: "I don't think you understand what beer can chicken is."
Even then, says Rice, of All About Beer Magazine, "You can't blame them for wanting to connect from a marketing standpoint."
Munoz is mum about what might be next.
Earlier this year, Popeyes brought back the popular Chicken Waffle Tenders, which are white-meat chicken battered in a waffle coating and then deep fried.
Maybe the two limited-time offers could be mixed, blended and stirred into — don't hold your breath — beer waffles?
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste (Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP) http://t.co/htKFW2PdKq pic.twitter.com/FZ8n8rHfuJ
2253 CONNECT 116 TWEET 16 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pbZxEU
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1ru40HVWhy Warren Buffett hates gold
It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett.
Post to Facebook
Why Warren Buffett hates gold It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
93
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Why Warren Buffett hates gold
Matt DiLallo, The Motley Fool 8:18 a.m. EDT September 21, 2014
In this February 2010 photo provided by Donn Pearlman, the gold remains of a wooden cargo box unearthed from the SS Central America is shown at a coin collection expo in Long Beach, Calif.
(Photo: uncredited AP)
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Warren Buffett didn't become one of the greatest investors of our generation by investing in gold. In fact, he pretty much hates the shiny metal. Just take a look at part of a speech Buffett gave at Harvard in 1998 when he said of gold:
"(It) gets dug out of the ground in Africa or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head."
Buffett just doesn't get what all the fuss is about when it comes to gold. The way he sees it, the value of gold is nothing more than our stubborn willingness to protect its value.
However, that's not the worst part of gold in Buffett's view. His biggest issue is the fact that gold is just so worthless. Not in the value someone is willing to pay for an ounce of it, but in its ability to create wealth. In Buffett's opinion, gold is lazy and has no place in an investor's portfolio.
Lazy, good-for-nothing ...
Buffett hammered on gold in his 2011 shareholder letter calling it an "unproductive asset." He said that assets like gold "will never produce anything, but are purchased in the buyer's hope that someone else will pay more for them in the future." He went on to say that the owners of assets like gold "are not inspired by what the asset itself can produce -- it will remain lifeless forever -- but by the belief that others will desire it even more avidly in the future."
The problem with gold is that it has two major insurmountable shortcomings. It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. While he does allow for the caveat that gold has some small industrial and decorative use, the demand for either purpose is insufficient to use up all of the gold we are digging out of the ground just to hide it away again is a bank vault. However, his bigger issue with gold is that it can't be used to produce anything of value. Its value rises and falls based on what someone else is willing to pay for it, not based on its ability to generate income for its owner.
Productivity builds wealth, not gold
Buffett ends his diatribe on gold in that letter by contrasting it to the productive assets he prefers:
Today the world's gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it would form a cube of about 68 feet per side. (Picture it fitting comfortably within a baseball infield.) At $1,127 per ounce,  its value would be about $9.6 trillion. Call this cube pile A.
Let's now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400 million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 ExxonMobil's (the world's most profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying binge). Can you imagine an investor with $9.6 trillion selecting pile A over pile B?
And yet, investors still do choose gold over these productive assets all the time. Assets that will be producing corn and cotton and oil and gas for longer than any of our lifespans. Meanwhile, the gold will be unmoved and still incapable of producing anything. To wit Buffett said, "You can fondle the cube, but it will not respond."
Don't be fooled by gold
There's a real good reason why Warren Buffett hates gold. One who buys gold is hoping for the greater fool to buy it from them for a higher price at some future date. But that's not investing -- it's gambling.
Instead, Buffett seeks to surround himself with assets that are constantly producing value. Income that flows through the business is reinvested in new lines of business that go on to produce more income. It's a never-ending cycle where new wealth is created each and every year. It takes advantage of the wonders of compounding income and leaves behind the folly of being allured by a lazy, good-for-nothing, shiny object.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

India s Mars Mission: Mangalyaan starts forward rotationIndia's Mars Mission: Mangalyaan enters shadow of Mars
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 24, 2014 07:10 AM IST
The Indian Space and Research Organisation is on the cusp of a historic breakthrough. Isro has already started crucial operations to insert the Mars Orbiter Mission into orbit.
The spacecraft has now entered the shadow of the Red Planet, which will cause a temporary communication blackout. Also, the final liquid burn has started, Isro has confirmed. 
Mangalyaan is currently being tracked by four deep space network, including Madrid (Spain), Goldstone (USA), Canberra (Australia) and, of course, Bangalore. 
Isro scientists estimate that the spacecraft is currently 223.93 million km from earth. 
The spacecraft has already started the Forward Rotation, which is essential in order to the make the direction of the firing of the engine opposite to the direction of movement. This enables slowing down of the spacecraft. 
Controlling the velocity is critical t the mission. It is currently 20.1 km per second, but needs to be brought down to 4.4 kms. If it is not controlled to the expected limit, then the spacecraft will not go into the Orbit. If it is lower than the limit, Mangalyaan will simply crash and burn on the Martian surface.
In the wee hours, it successfully fired the liquid engine that had been idle for the past 300-odd days.
A little while later, the medium antenna successfully took over guidance of the spacecraft as part of the attempt to rotate it towards its intended orbit.  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is at the control room in Bangalore with Isro scientists to watch the historic occasion.
On Monday, Isro said in a statement that the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) of India’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was successfully fired for 3.968 seconds. The operation was also used for the spacecraft’s trajectory correction and changed its velocity by  2.18 metre/second.
Once inserted in the orbit around Mars, Mangalyaan will complete one rotation around Mars in 3.2 Earth days and will be active for about six to ten months. The duration will vary depending upon various factors including the quantity of fuel stock.
Here’s the final schedule of operations planned for today which, if successful, will make India the first nation ever to launch a satellite into Martian orbit on its maiden attempt.
04.17 a.m: Critical operations to insert MOM into Mars Orbit will start. The three antennas of the spacecraft for transmission between the Earth and the Mars will be activated at that time.
06.56 a.m.: The spacecraft will be rotated towards Mars. Because of the Mars-Sun-Earth geometry, the MOM's insertion into Mars orbit is destined to happen while MOM is in the eclipse (MOM will be behind Mars and there will be sunlight on the spacecraft as it would be blocked by the planet).
07:17 a.m.: The liquid engine will be fired and the insertion will happen when the spacecraft is on the other side of Mars, away from Earth's sight, Unfortunately, this will result in a communication blackout since the signals cannot be transmitted from the spacecraft to the Ground station.
07:12 a.m.: The liquid engine burn will start.The total burn duration is expected to be 24.14 minutes, consuming 249.5 kg of liquid propellant.
07.37 a.m.: The 'eclipse' will end, while the Mars Occult will continue. 
07.41 a.m.: The liquid engine burn ends.
07:47 a.m.: Earth will receive the first information about total burn performance.
07.42 a.m. to 8.04 a.m.: The reverse manoeuvre will take place to reorient the Antenna
07.54 a.m: Isro will confirm the insertion of the spacecraft into Martian orbit.
08.15 a.m.: Scientists at Isro expect that they will be able to confirm the success of the mission. Later in the day, Mangalyaan’s camera will be activated and the first picture from the spacecraft is expected to reach the space agency later on the day.
WATCH THE PROCEEDINGS LIVE HERE

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 8000 levelsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8,000 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 24.50 points lower at 8,034.50 indicating lower opening on the domestic market.
Nifty ended the day with a gain a loss of 63 points at 8042, while Sensex closed 244 points lower at 26816.56 on Monday.
Nifty breached the support range of 8049 - 8040 in today's session thus turning the trend for immediate term weak. It now remains susceptible to further declines till 8000 and below that 7970 is also a possibility.
"The trend should remain weak for immediate term as long as 8120 is not crossed on the upside. The level of 7920 is the key level to watch out for in the next few sessions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"If the present decline manages to find support above 7920 then there may be a possibility of a bounce back, however if 7920 is breached then Nifty may face additional selling pressure," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that the medium term support and Trend Reversal level has now moved further up to 7820.
Most analysts believe that this profit taking will continue and the Nifty is likely to test its crucial support zone around 7900-7950 in coming sessions.
"Meanwhile, stocks may witness moves in both directions as banking, media and energy counters are showing strength & expected to maintain that bias whereas metal & realty may continue to trade under pressure," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Overnight, US stocks ended mixed as the tech sector dragged the Nasdaq to its worst day since July and kept the S&P 500 near the unchanged mark as investors cleared the decks for Alibaba's debut planned for later this week.
"Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offering in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now," Reuters reported.
"Investors also exercised caution ahead of the policy statement from the Federal Reserve on Wednesday, which could provide clues on the timing of an interest rate hike," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 43.63 points, or 0.26 per cent, to 17,031.14, the S&P 500 lost 1.41 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 1,984.13, and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 48.70 points, or 1.07 per cent, to 4,518.90.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.34 per cent lower at 15,894. South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 2,042 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.17 per cent higher at 2,342.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investing: Top picks from a top value investor0
The hunt for good but undervalued companies frequently leads to controversial areas -- in Nygren's case, to financial companies. Many investors swore off the group after the last recession because of the difficulty of analyzing sometimes opaque businesses and a concern about onerous regulations that followed the financial crisis. The result, says Nygren, is the availability of some high-quality financials at bargain prices. His list includes Bank of America (symbol BAC; recent price, $16), JPMorgan Chase (JPM; $59) and American International Group (AIG; $56). All trade at low price-earnings ratios, especially based on what Nygren expects the companies to earn once the lingering effects of the financial crisis stop weighing on their income statements.
Nygren also sees opportunity where few value-oriented managers dare to tread: fast-growing companies commanding premium stock prices, albeit smaller premiums than they deserve. "To us, buying great businesses at average prices is just as much value investing as buying average companies at cheap prices," he says.
One such company is Google. It will benefit for years to come from the continuing shift of advertising from traditional to online media, Nygren says. If you subtract from Google's stock market value the $80 billion cash hoard that Nygren expects the company to have built by the end of 2015, the stock's price-earnings ratio is not much more than the average S&P 500 stock's P/E. But Google's earnings, Nygren says, should grow by percentages in the low to mid teens annually over the coming five years, well above the expected earnings-growth rate of the S&P 500.
In a similar vein, Nygren isn't put off by Amazon.com (AMZN; $338) and its nosebleed, triple-digit P/E. He believes investors don't value third-party sales on the site highly enough; they should count for more because they pose little risk or cost to Amazon. Making that adjustment and looking at share price relative to sales, "Amazon is much cheaper than the retailers that investors worry Amazon might drive out of business," says Nygren.
(Anne Kates Smith is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Expect economy to record 5.5% growth: CrisilCrisil
In an interview with ET Now, DK Joshi , Director & Chief Economist, Crisil , shares his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: For the moment, it appears that Indian macros have topped out and things are looking favourable.
DK Joshi: Yes, they do look favourable. The biggest advantage is from the lower oil prices, because oil benefits us from the fiscal, inflation and current account deficit point of view. Since India is one of the most vulnerable economies in the Asia Pacific region as far as oil is concerned, we are bound to benefit the most when oil prices come down. This benefit will be visible this year and it actually will reduce the cost of production for those industries which use oil as a primary input.
Therefore, yes, things are improving on an overall basis. The initial hit from the monsoon has somewhat faded after the rains picked up. Though there will be damage to agriculture in the kharif season, but the rabi looks good, since soil moisture is good and the reservoir levels are almost at 104% of their 10-year averages. However, the GDP pick up will not be very swift and will be mild. We expect the economy to log around 5.5% growth this fiscal.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: What, according to you, is the considerable time for the US Fed to start hiking rates?
DK Joshi: The US Fed has clearly stated that their actions will not be calendar-driven but be data-driven. So, the US economy data is turning positive, but we have seen it throw surprises over the last couple of months. I would wait for data to pan out, which will then decide the Fed's future course. However, as of now, it looks like the tapering will end by October and the consensus seems to be emerging that by the middle of next year or may be a little after that, we could see interest rate hikes. However, as I said, it will all depend on the strength of the data.
The world economy is improving, but there still seem to be worries emerging, particularly the fear of triple dip recession in Europe, which would require aggressive monetary easing. The Asian economies, particularly China, might manage to scrape through with 7.5% growth this year.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: Amongst the emerging markets, it is India and the Philippines that seem to be best placed to deal with a reversal of flows triggered by the US Fed rate hike . Would you agree with that assessment?
DK Joshi: I tend to agree, since India's vulnerability is quite low right now, especially, with the current deficit, as a percentage of GDP, being within control and which only stands to benefit further from the softer commodity and oil prices. Moreover, the domestic macros have improved and the sentiment is quite strong as far as India is concerned. We have received huge amount of capital inflows this year, compared to the last year, and the economy is beginning to, slowly but steadily, pick up. Therefore, pull factors have improved and our vulnerability has reduced. Hence, we will withstand the crisis much better than the last year - when the rupee plunged to dismal lows.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: Are you hearing any rumblings in the market about the RBI's interest rate policy and if so, what kind of action do you expect?
DK Joshi: Inflation still remains a worry. Though WPI has come down to a five-year low, but the CPI, which is a preferred gauge for RBI, is close to 8%, while their target for next year is 6%. Hence, the RBI will continue to remain vigilant and I do not see any interest rate cut this year.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: What is your assessment of the G20 meet?
DK Joshi: The countries there are raising pertinent issues and the raising of GDP by 2% by 2018 is a tall order, given the state of the world economy. They also admit that this growth is required if you want to generate enough jobs in the western part of the world or throughout the world and it is a stiff target to meet. A lot will depend on the financial conditions, and the steps taken by the European economies to revive their economies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s National Buildings gains; Nomura starts at  buyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s United Spirits gains on value buyingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s UPL gains; rival Sharda Cropchem surges on debutE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

D-St in deep red: Is this a perfect buying opportunity02:30 pm
The best time to buy is when there is blood on the Street, says an old adage. And that may be the much-needed piece of advice for fence-sitters. It was volatile Tuesday on Dalal Street as Indian indices saw deep cuts of almost 1.5 percent each in the second half of trade spooked by rising geopolitical concerns and growth worries.
Though the indices are bleeding; the sentiment among investors, especially retail investors remains buoyant, says Devang Mehta, Senior Vice President & Head Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
“People want to buy into good quality names. They are now are aware that they shouldn’t get caught into herd mentality. If there is another 150-200 points correction then more retail investors will get attracted to this market. We would probably utilise this fall to buy in the markets rather than being much worried about what is going to happen in the immediate future,” he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Also Read: Market correction overdue; buy midcaps but slowly, says Udayan
Technically speaking
Technical analyst Sudarshan Sukhani of S2analytics.com admits that today’s decline wasn’t anticipated by many and its ferocity was quite unusual. “Today’s fall raises red flags because the Nifty has breached 8,050, which was an important support level. If this continues tomorrow then a short- sell is advised,” he adds.
This market may continue to see very high volatility in a narrow range, he cautions.
Historically, the October series has been the one where the trend has remained on the downside. But if this decline is confirmed tomorrow then we would see lower levels in October, he adds. 
Those playing the market should place stop loss at 8,100, he recommends.
Meanwhile, Mithil Pradhan Chief Strategist - Derivatives & Technicals Violet Arc Global Managers Pvt Ltd sees 7,790 as the most important support level for the Nifty. He feels it is too late to open shorts, so one should buy the Nifty on dips and look for level below 7,950 to enter this market.
Midcaps, realty stocks bear the brunt
Midcaps too ended the day deep in the red with the index down almost 2 percent. P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager—PMS, Angel Broking is of the view that since one is not expecting a protracted correction in this space, it might be a good idea to buy these names in sectors like IT and financial services like banks.
Midcap private sector banks can be accumulated on declines. From the larger pack, Axis and  SBI look attractive at these levels.  ING Vysya and  South Indian Bank are good bets for those having 12 months view, he adds. NBFCs like  Indiab-ulls Housing Finance can also be bought on dips, he says.
According to Mehta, market participants are waiting to enter the market and there are enough good quality stock ideas available in this market which can generate big alpha going ahead. “Many largecaps are trading at good valuation and price point discount. From the so-called defensive universe- the midcap FMCG and IT space, many stocks are available at good valuation. Those with three-six months perspective should see this as an attractive correction to get into the market,” he says.
From the auto space, Mehta likes Ashok Leyland . One can bet on this sector on dips given the upcoming festive season and CV cycle recovery.
Bajaj Corp ,  Pidilite Industries and  Zydus Wellness are his other top picks. “These stocks give defensive edge and durable competitive advantage to your portfolio. These are excellent to own from a six- nine months view,” he says. 
Realty stocks also took it on the chin. The CNX Real Estate Index slid more than 5.5 percent with  DLF emerging as the top loser on the Nifty.
Sharing views on the sector, Sekhar says, “Investors were expecting some recovery in the realty sector, but they have been disappointed as volatility crept in during the fag end. However, the sector is a good long-term attractive bet. Those looking to invest in this sector should have patience. They should keep buying the dips but in a staggered manner.”
RELATED NEWS

Ukraine crisis risks recession for EuropeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ukraine crisis risks recession for Europe: El-Erian
El-Erian said markets also were placing "enormous faith" in the world's central banks, such as the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Mohamed El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at Allianz SE, warned that global markets do not fully appreciate the risk posed by the Ukrainian crisis, a conflict which could push Europe into recession.
He saw few options to de-escalate tensions between Ukraine, its Western supporters and Russia, which has been accused of backing an insurgency led by ethnic Russian separatists.
In an interview at Reuters' New York headquarters on Monday, in which he also spoke about his controversial departure from Pimco earlier this year, El-Erian said just "one or at most two" more rounds of sanctions and counter sanctions between Russia and the West would likely push Europe into recession. That's especially true if Russia cuts energy supplies during the coming winter heating season.
"I think markets are underestimating Ukraine," El-Erian said. "It is very hard to find a solution that reconciles the three parties involved – Ukraine, the West and Russia."
El-Erian said markets also were placing "enormous faith" in the world's central banks, such as the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank. Through a series of experimental policy actions since the 2008 financial crisis, the world's largest central banks have gotten deeply into the "business of divorcing" asset valuations from fundamentals.
The space between what El-Erian sees as lofty valuations and more earthly fundamentals is "an air pocket" at risk of rapid collapse if markets are confronted with a jarring catalyst, such as Ukraine.
"I worry that the marketplace is paying very little attention to geopolitical issues, but they've done so for good reasons so far," he said. To date, investors have largely succeeded in navigating numerous brief bouts of market choppiness in the face of "geopolitical shock."
An endemic hazard arising from that is that investors want unambiguous evidence that "the turn" has occurred before they opt for a more defensive allocation, El-Erian said.
"The problem with that is that once you get that, everyone wants to get out. And at that point, you get the air pocket."
A respected investor who once ran Harvard University's endowment, El-Erian made waves in January when he resigned from Pimco, a unit of German insurer Allianz and an investment powerhouse with nearly USD 2 trillion of assets. There, he had been chief executive and had shared the role of chief investment officer with bond market guru Bill Gross.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index and the Dow Jones industrial average have both hit records in recent weeks, gains he contends, are emblematic of the disconnect between valuation and fundamentals.
Their performance is largely fueled by the Fed's actions, which have made other assets such as bonds even pricier by comparison, as well as financial maneuvering by corporations, which are spending cash buying their own shares or on mergers and acquisitions, he said.
Stocks, he said, are signaling "We are expensive, but we are cheaper than other things that are a lot more expensive."
El-Erian said Alibaba Group's record $29.7 billion initial public offering last week is one reflection that markets continue to have tremendous risk appetite because investors believe the Fed has their back.
That said, he believes the Fed is now out of sync with its peers, the ECB in particular, and will begin to raise interest rates toward the end of the second quarter of 2015, or sooner perhaps. Still, the Fed will not be inclined to raise rates rapidly after that initial move.
"I think the Fed will move slower and not as high as we've been historically used to," he said.
And, El-Erian said, if Europe goes in to recession, even the Fed's projected lift off from near zero interest rates, where it has held its policy rate since the end of 2008, would likely be off the table.
RELATED NEWS

Mukesh Ambani Ruia among participants in Make in India progSep 23, 2014, 10.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mukesh Ambani,Ruia among participants in Make in India prog
The Campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mukesh Ambani,Ruia among participants in Make in India prog
The Campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
Post your opinion here
 
Leading industrialists, including  RIL chief Mukesh Ambani, Essar Group Chairman Shashi Ruia and many other global and domestic CEOs will participate in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' campaign launch here on Thursday.
The Campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth. "The Make in India Campaign is one of the key missions of the Government and companies from India and outside are being welcomed to expand and set up facilities for manufacturing in India - for servicing the domestic and global markets. CEOs of important manufacturing companies in India both domestic and MNCs will be present in the function," the official invite sent by the Government said.
Other high-profile CEOs likely to be present at the launch include Chairman of Tata Group Cyrus Mistry; Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra; Biocon CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw; and ITC Chairman Y C Deveshvar; among others. In his maiden Independence Day address this year, Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'Come, Make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals, including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore. The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India.
Reliance stock price
On November 21, 2014, Reliance Industries closed at Rs 997.45, up Rs 17.05, or 1.74 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1142.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 794.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 69.66 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.32. The latest book value of the company is Rs 609.24 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.64.
RELATED NEWS

CEOs of India s airlines meet aviation min Gajapathi RajuLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CEOs of India's airlines meet aviation min Gajapathi Raju
They emphasised on difficulties in operating in India, given its high cost aviation environment. CEOs from Spicejet, Indigo, Goair, Air India, Jet Airways, Vistara and Airasia India were at today's meeting, their first with Raju.
Post your opinion here

Narendra Modi to share ideas through radio programmeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

10 stocks melted down this summer10 stocks melted down this summer
By: Matt Krantz September 23, 2014 1:14 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Get out your sweaters. Today is the last day of summer! It ends a season investors think isn’t a great time to be in the market.
And in some cases, this conventional thinking was right. There are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy stock Noble (NE) , insurer Genworth Financial (GNW) and energy explorer Diamond Offshore (DO) , that fell 20% or more during the summer, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ.
Summer gets a bad rap with investors, but 2014 didn’t prove to be all that eventful. The Standard & Poor’s 500 gained 1.4% during the summer — which is a decent return for hanging in for the three months.
But that doesn’t mean it was all butterflies and ice cream cones for investors. Those that picked poorly could have suffered big losses. The biggest surprise during the summer, by far, is the decline in oil prices and the hammering that caused on the energy sector.
All but two of the stocks down 20% or more during the summer, Genworth and materials company Owens-Illinois (OI) were in the energy sector. The price of Brent crude oil, is down 16% from the June 19 peak, says Bloomberg News .
Hardest hit in all this is Noble, the operator of 77 offshore drilling units. The stock dropped 30% during the summer. A big part of the problem is that the hit from lower oil prices is expected to start showing up. Analysts predict the company’s adjusted earnings in the current quarter to fall 35% to 55 cents a share, says S&P Capital IQ. Profit in the December quarter is expected to be down 39%. No wonder the average analyst rates this stock a “hold,” which really means sell.
Chart source: MSN Money
It’s a similar story at Transocean – also an offshore drilling company. Falling oil prices are not good for business, made plain from the fact analysts are calling for adjusted quarterly profit in the current quarter to drop 39%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Summer’s over! Put the beach chairs away and get ready for what’s next.
Company

Live Blog: ISRO to fire Mangalyaan into Mars orbit in a few hours from now7
2
India's Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan, has entered the Martian orbit. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present at the ISRO headquarters to witness the historic event, so was Union Minister Jitendra Singh.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars and carry out limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
9:03 am: Congress President Sonia Gandhi congratulates ISRO scientists for the successful insertion of Mangalayan into orbit of Mars.
8:54 am: ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweets: I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
8:45 am: PM Modi - This day must be celebrated as Anand Utsav. I congratulate you all on this achievement.
8:35 am: NASA congratulates ISRO: "We congratulate ISRO for its Mars arrival! MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet," NASA tweets.
8:29 am: PM - All of us must be very happy. What we have done today is 1000 times bigger than achievement of our Cricket team.
8:26 am: PM Modi - Scientists have made great personal sacrifices to achieve this.
8:25 am: PM Modi - India has invented 'Zero'. It is our greatest gift to the World.
8:24 am: PM Modi - We have a great leadership. Future looks bright for us.
8:21 am: PM Modi - ISRO has a tradition and culture of grooming junior scientists. You have honoured our forefathers. Inspired future generations.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO knows to how to make impossible thing possible.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO has made us proud, achieved something impossible.
8:19 am: PM Modi - Only if we take risk, we will succeed. We have taken that risk.
8:18 am: PM Modi - We have been successful today. I have full faith in our people. I respect our great scientists. Innovation involves risk.
8:17 am: PM Modi looks excited. Recites his Gujarati poem.
8:16 am: PM Modi - What we have done is great. We have spent less than what a Hollywood movie costs to complete the Mars Mission.
8:13 am: PM Modi - Within just three years, ISRO has completed this great job.
8:13 am: PM Modi - ISRO joins the elite group of just 4 nations in the World.
8:12 am: PM Modi - The odds were staked against us. Of the total 51 missions across the World, just 21 missions have been successful.
8:11 am: PM - We have done something incredible. It is remarkable.
8:11 am: PM - With scarce resources our great scientists have achieved it. I am really proud. We have gone beyond the boundaries.
8:09 am: PM Modi - History has been created today. We have achieved something near impossible.
8:09 am: PM Modi - India has successfully reached Mars.
8:08 am: PM Modi - MoM has met Mangal!
8:08 am: PM Modi - Today, Earth has met the Mars.
8:07 am: PM Modi is addressing the ISRO scientists.
8:06 am: Excited ISRO scientists are greeting each other. Truly a proud moment for India. Mission Director Keshavaraju is beaming.
8:04 am: Mars Mission successfully enters the Mars orbiter in its very first attempt.
8:02 am: Mars Mission successful. ISRO chairman confirms.
7:57 am: ISRO is known for its excellent project management capabilities.
7:53 am: The firing of engines must have been completed. Waiting for the message from the spacecraft to ISRO ground station.
7:51 am: If India succeeds in this, ISRO will send human beings to the outer space on its own.
7:47 am: India's Mars Mission is a giant leap for the space science. ISRO has achieved almost everything.
7:44 am: Four stations across the World are closely monitoring the progress of Mars Mission. Even NASA is watching it closely.
7:42 am: Most scientists at the ISRO have not slept for almost a week. They have been monitoring the progress non-stop, day and night.
7:41 am: ISRO expecting a confirmation by 8 o'clock. By 8-30 AM, ISRO can say whether the mission is successful.
7:37 am: All engines are going strong. Burning of fuel happenning.
7:36 am: Scientists at ISRO command centre look relaxed after Mars Mission sent confirmation that burning has started exactly at the same time.
7:31 am: Great moment. ISRO gets confirmation. Engines started burning as per the exact timeline. ISRO errupts in joy.
7:29 am: ISRO chairman Dr. K Radhakrishnan is personally leading the team of top space scientists. He is seated in the centre of the command panel.
7:28 am: Fingers crossed. The burning must have started. Tense faces at the ISRO waiting for the message from the spacecraft.
7:25 am: Mars Mission - To send and receive signals from Earth to Mars takes 12.5 minutes.
7:24 am: ISRO has an advantage. It is learning from the previous missions of USA, ESA and Russia.
7:23 am: India will be the first country to reach the Mars in its very first attempt. Even NASA failed to achieve that. Space is a risky business.
7:20 am: Mars Mission - All engines must have started burning, says ISRO. It has been flawless. ISRO says it is waiting for a final confirmation. Will burn out the fuel in 24 minutes and gets into Mars orbit.
7:14 am: PM Modi is being briefed by the ISRO scientists.
50

AirAsia eyes entry into card loyalty prog with Indian banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mukesh Ambani  Ruia among participants in Narendra Modi s  Make in India  campaign launchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How Mirae s India Opportunities Fund emerged as top draw in large  midcap fund categoryHow Mirae s India Opportunities Fund emerged as top draw in large  midcap fund category
Shalimar Paints launches new products to strengthen presence in PunjabE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jet connects more Indian cities with GulfE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold gains as dollar rally cools on profit takingSep 23, 2014, 11.02 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold gains as dollar rally cools on profit taking
Gold gains as dollar rally cools on profit taking
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold gains as dollar rally cools on profit taking
Gold gains as dollar rally cools on profit taking
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold futures rose on Tuesday as investors sold the dollar for profits, while U.S.-led air strikes in Syria fueled safe-haven demand for the precious metal.
Gold and the greenback tend to trade inversely with one another.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,222.20 a troy ounce during U.S. trading, up 0.35%, up from a session low of $1,214.70 and off a high of $1,235.60.
The December contract settled up 0.11% at $1,217.90 on Monday.
Futures were likely to find support at $1,208.80 a troy ounce, Monday's low, and resistance at $1,243.20, last Tuesday's high.
Profit taking sent the dollar edging lower on Monday, wiping out a rally stemming from expectations for U.S. monetary policy to grow less accommodative at a time when European and Japanese monetary authorities take steps to loosen.
Markit Economics reported earlier that its preliminary U.S. manufacturing purchasing managers' index came in at 57.9 in September, unchanged from August and the highest since April 2010 though shy of market calls for a 58.0 reading, which allowed the dollar to take a break from its rally.
A separate report showed that the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond's monthly manufacturing index rose to 14 this month from 12 in August, defying market forecasts for a decline to 10, which cushioned the dollar and capped gold's gains.
Events in the Middle East fueled gold's appeal as a safe haven to geopolitical tensions.
U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria involving five Arab nations targeting ISIS positions gave the yellow metal a boost in afternoon trading.
Gains were somewhat limited on perceptions that the days of ultra-loose U.S. monetary policies that have supported gold since the 2008 financial crisis are coming to an end.
In October, the Federal Reserve is expected to close its monthly bond-buying program and then begin raising benchmark interest rates some time in 2015.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was up 0.02% at $17.778 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were down 0.11% at $3.035 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

P Balaji is all set to join Vodafone India as directorP Balaji is all set to join Vodafone India as director
Australia judge arbitrator in KG disputeAustralia judge arbitrator in KG dispute
Manappuram Fin set to enter microfinancing biz via MandAsManappuram Fin set to enter microfinancing biz via MandAs
Ecomm s fight for buyers drives sales on cou...E retailer's fight for buyers drives sales at couponing sites
Payal Ganguly & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.05AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(With the rise of e-commerce,…)
BANGALORE/HYDERABAD: The fierce rivalry among ecommerce sites to snag new customers through massive discounts has expectedly led to burgeoning sales at couponing sites that enable users get products and services online at a steal.
With the rise of e-commerce, deal buying and couponing sites, such as Coupon Dunia, Groupon and several others, have seen revenue rise as much as 500%, most of it attributed to the bigger players — Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal.
In a couponing website, a customer can search for a particular discount voucher and use that code to get a discount or cashback on an etailer's website. "I see couponing as a less exploited marketing tool as of now. Going ahead, as ecommerce grows, we will see more and more success for these sites," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
A majority of transactions for these portals still come from the bigger ecommerce sites like Flipkart, Amazon India, Jabong, Fashionara and MakeMyTrip, among others.
"A lot of online shoppers start their shopping journey from these (couponing) sites, and we do get a healthy share of business from them," said Darpan Munjal, cofounder of Fashionara.
The couponing sites get commissions that vary across merchants and categories. For electronics, it is 2-5%. For clothing it's between 10% and 15% or even higher. Travel sites usually pay about Rs 100-300 per flight booking. Some ecommerce partners like RedBus pay fixed amounts per transaction regardless of cart size.
"At Myntra, we are working with several affiliate networks for more than two years, directly or indirectly. Affiliates drive about 10-15% of our overall transactions," said Deepak Srikumar, head of digital marketing at Myntra.
"The coupons on ecommerce site are usually directed at customer acquisition and ensure that the customer revisits the site the next time to redeem the coupons," said Rachna Nath, leader of retail and consumer at advisory firm PwC.
In 2012, Amazon entered in India through price-comparison and lead generation site Junglee, which it bought years earlier. Mature markets like the United States, have seen some couponing websites including Coupons.com, RetailMeNot.com, even go public in the past couple of years. Japanese ecommerce giant recently bought couponing site Ebates to enter the US market.
The opportunity in India is also huge. Indian ecommerce market is expected to reachRs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to Crisil. Going ahead, these sites are betting on mobile to drive its revenue. "We expect our mobile app to be a game changer," said 30-yearold Sameer Parwani, who started CouponDunia from Boston in the United States in 2010. The company, which has now been acquired by Times Internet, is expanding its offline restaurant coupon business and expects to earn a revenue of Rs 40 crore in fiscal 2016.
"With a higher discount range in all the online stores, people are completely involved in shopping online, mainly due to the cash on delivery and return policy features," said KR Murle, founder of Getextrabux, a cashback, deal hunting and price comparison portal. The company, which was set up with an investment of about Rs 45 lakh, pays around 60-90% of the commission it earns to the customers as cashback.
 
The tech-based companies have consciously chosen to stay away from the local-deals model. "Working with local retailers could be tricky as sometimes the deals get oversubscribed and they run out of margin," said Swati Bhargava, cofounder of Cashkaro. "For us, online was a better way since it's a volume game we are targeting."
Cashkaro said its sales have gone up 500% in one year. "While I don't mind paying to (these couponing sites) to get new customers, if I had to pay for a repeat customer, I wouldn't be very happy," said Praveen Sinha, managing director of Jabong.
The mobile-first has worked well for Mydaala. com which is one of the few surviving deal sites for local businesses. "We were one of the first to tap into analytics which helped us user-specific deals every time they logged in but presently no one seems to be working with local merchants," said Anisha Singh, founder and CEO of Mydaala. com, which introduced couponing for all major telcos last year.
However local-deals space remains niche with few players venturing into it. "When we entered the market in 2011, there was a lot of competition in India and none of these sites curated the merchants who were a part of it. As a result, once the customer has a bad experience, he would never come back to the coupon or deal site," said Ankur Warikoo, CEO of Groupon India.
He said that Groupon has evolved to accommodate a mix of transactions keeping in mind the growing ecommerce industry. While local deals contribute to 60% of Groupon's business, 25% comes from manufacturers who list directly with the site to sell and the remaining 15% is driven by travel deals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: Countdown to Mars Orbit Insertion beginsUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:11 IST
India makes a mark in Mars
Tweet
Reuters Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi on screens after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, in Bangalore on Wednesday, September 24, 2014.
AP ISRO scientists celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore.
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
AP Indian Space Research Organisation scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014.
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
ISRO's Mars orbiter becomes first spacecraft to enter Martian orbit in maiden attempt
From 'Congratulations ISRO' to 'Howdy Curiosity' here's how India's Mars Mission scored big on Twitter .
15.02: Nimisha (@nim2391); Bhakt Repeller (@BhaktRepeller); Sherin Johnson (@i_sherin) ask how is the Mars Mission going to impact common man's life.
Executing an interplanetary mission is no simple feat. Being able to do it provides the impetus for more investment in space research as well as could herald an uptick in foreign investment. Expansion of spacefaring capabilities means development of better launch systems to launch more sophisticated scientific payloads, as well as, in the long run, giving India a foot in the door when it comes to hardcore interplanetary exploration and colonization, far though in the future that may be.
14:59: Many Bollywood stars took to Twitter to congratulate ISRO on its historic feat. Read here
14:56: Question from Facebook follower Dharmateja Challa: Will the data will be made public ? It would be great if they do so for scientific community?
Depends on institutional plans for the data because each instrument on the payload has been designed and manufactured by different institutions around India, led by various scientists. If the corresponding institute has plans to release data, then sure.
14.50: Mr. Mallikarjuna Konduri (@elKondorPasa) asks: will ISRO use rest of fuel for gaining a stabler orbit and extend the mission period?
Mission period doesn't depend on orbit stability as far as extension is concerned.
13: 30: Facebook follower Gautam Reddy: Now that ISRO is competing on par with it's contemporaries, Is ISRO having any plans for a Space Station?
There are no known plans for a space station. That would be too ambitious considering the kind of resources such an installation requires.
11.57: Satheesh Sellam (@SatheeshSellam) asked us this question: If we have successful cryo GSLV vehicle, the complexity of taking the satellite out of earth gravity is considered less?
We've had one successful test of the cryogenic engine. It's too soon to say how future missions will pan out, although that one test was encouraging. Also, having such an engine doesn't make it easier in the general sense but gives us the ability to launch heavier - and therefore more sophisticated - payloads into orbit, especially the geostationary transfer orbit.
11.36: Vaibhav Pratap Singh (@NooseVP) had posted a question on Twitter to us asking the difference between ISRO's Mars orbiter and NASA's Maven. Here's the answer:
There are some overlaps in terms of MAVEN's and MOM's objectives. Both are equipped with instruments that will provide a clearer picture of the Martian atmosphere. The Curiosity rover's next phase of operations includes investigating the possible presence of life in Mars' history and this means finding signs of water by looking for minerals that could have formed only in the presence of water. MAVEN will assist in this by looking for isotopic signatures, which is something MOM will do as well. The reason both probes are there right now is because of a certain window that comes once in 26 months that reduces the distance between Earth and Mars, making it a good opportunity to launch probes in this window.
10.45: "The periapsis achieved was 427 km and the apoapsis was 78,500 km. The final values will be obtained after several hours," Mission Director, MOM, V. Kesava Raju says. Read here
10.15:
History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists http://t.co/RNbacKjB5q #Mangalyaan
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 24, 2014
10.10: Watch: India scripts history with Mars Mission
10.06: India’s first rocket launch pad, the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station, Thumba, Kerala, was in a coconut plantation. A local church served as main office, the bishop’s house was converted into a workshop and a cattleshed the research lab! Surely, we’ve come a long way!
10.00: Mars Orbiter Mission: Timeline of events
9. 34: Home Minister Rajnath Singh wishes Team ISRO
Congratulations to ISRO scientists who successfully launched India's 'Mangalyaan' into Mars Orbit. They have scripted history today!
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
9. 20: Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares. Read In Depth aticle about the mission
8.47:
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
8.36: PM Modi concludes his speech with quote from Tagore.
8.35: This achievement is far greater than a cricket win: PM Modi
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
8.33: India is now the first country to succeed at a Mars Mission in the first attempt & cheapest cost: PM
8.29: Modern India must continue. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8. 28:
Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.23: Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building: PM Modi
8.22: Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8.13:
— The Hindu (@TheHindu) September 24, 2014
8: 12:
Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.05: PM Modi felicitates the scientists. "Scientists have gone beyond the boundaries of humar enterprise."
7.59: Occultation over. Mars Mission successful, ISRO Chairman confirms.
Great to hear from you.....welcome to Mars @isro !! #DSNNow pic.twitter.com/6zSrFHj7lr
7: 53:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
— ISRO (@isro) September 24, 2014
7.48: The firing must have been completed by now and MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication.
7.46: The spacecraft is now out of range of radio signals. It has gone behind Mars, in what is called as occultation/eclipse.Occultation is loss of signal due to the orbiter being on the 'dark side' of Mars.
7.38: In about half hour, ISRO is expected to get the first confirmation from NASA's ground station in Canberra, Australia.
7.31: All engines of the Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn start confirmed. Scientific community celebrate the confirmation message.
7.17: Burn must have started. All engines must have started firing by now. Stand by for confirmation. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m.
ISRO Chairman Dr. Radhakrishnan and Director and chariman of Spacecraft Authorisation Board Kiran Kumar waiting for confirmation of the Burn.
7.16: Mars Orbiter is now in the shadow of Mars.
7.12: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at ISRO to witness the historic event. ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan welcomes the PM
7.11: Mars Orbiter start of forward rotation is confirmed: ISRO
7.08: The Liquid Engine Burn is set to begin in a few minutes now.
7.02: Here's all you need to know about the Mars Orbiter Mission
6.56: Forward rotation must have begun, ISRO says. It is required to align the direction of firing for effective braking. Confirmation will reach after 12.5 minutes.
6.50: ISRO Chairman, in an exlcusive interview to The Hindu, talks about the agency's Plan A and Plan B for MOI. Read here
6.43: The result of Mars Orbit Insertion will be available only at about 8:30 a.m.
6.35: The orbiter’s propulsion system, called the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
6.31:
(Image courtesy: ISRO)
6.24: An exclusive interview with ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the MOI manoeuvre.
6.19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Bangalore late Tuesday and is expected to stay in the ISTRAC complex till 9 a.m. and address Team ISRO.
6.15: Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. today.

India Directs Spacecraft Toward Martian OrbitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Maha Polls: Smaller parties may lose stake in seat-sharing after Sena-BJP truceMaha Polls: Smaller parties may lose stake in seat-sharing after Sena-BJP truce
LIVE: Firing must have been completed by now  Mangalyan may resume communication soon  tweetsISROISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:12 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:49 am
India scripted history on Wednesday with the success of its Mars mission . As the Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to the Red Planet in the first attempt. Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.
Here are the highlights:
9:03 am: Howdy @ MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around, tweets ISRO’s new Mars Orbiter Twitter Handle @MarsOrbiter
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:44 am: 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:40 am: If our cricket team wins 1 tournament country celebrates. This mission is thousand times bigger achievement: PM Modi
8.37 am: NASA congratulates ISRO:
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG
8.32 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this day must be celebrated as ‘Anand Utsav’.
8.31 am: This has been achieved after years of hardwork and blessings/wishes of all Indians.
8.25 am: This too must become a base for challenging the next frontier, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.23 am: Our space programme has been an example of achievement, which inspires us to strive for excellence.
8.20 am: With your efforts and hard work, we have developed the habit of achieving the impossible, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells ISRO scientists.
8.18 am: With every success, comes a new challenge, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.14 am: These are accomplishments that will go down in the pages of history, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.13 am: We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, PM addresses ISRO scientists.
8.10 am: Mars has got a MOM today, always knew MOM will not let us down, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.03 am: ISRO becomes fourth space agency to complete Mars mission. First in Asia and first to do it in first attempt.
8.00 am: India’s Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit.
7.56 am: Scientists will wait for over a week before deploying science instruments on MOS. Camera will be used today for first pix.
7.55 am: Scientists glued to monitors eagerly awaiting data on whether MOS has gone into Mars orbit to plan of 423 km x 80,000 km.
7.50 am:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
7.49 am: The speed of the main engine is 1098.7 meters per second.
7.42 am:
Burn end? The firing must have been completed by now & MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication. pic.twitter.com/ztn42wHwfN
7.40 am: Mangalyaan entering into Mars orbit just a few hours after NASA’s Maven did.
7.31 am:

Samsung to launch new phone in China before Apple...and
versions
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Samsung Electronics Co. said Wednesday its latest Galaxy Note 4 smartphone will go on sale in China and South Korea later this month as its flagging mobile business tries to defend sales from Apple's new iPhones.
Samsung said all three South Korean mobile operators will begin Galaxy Note 4 sales on Friday. All three Chinese mobile carriers will release the new phone before the end of this month, it said.
Samsung's announcement marks the first time the South Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other major overseas markets.
Apple's iPhone 6 has yet to arrive in China, the world's most populous country. But Apple Inc. still chalked up 10 million sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in the first three days after the phones went on sale.
Samsung's early move in China comes as the South Korean company faces challenges on multiple fronts. Its profit from the crucial mobile business has flagged and local brands in India and China have dented its sales of cheap phones.
Apple's new iPhone 6 with its larger screen than previous models eliminates at key advantage for Samsung that lured buyers with the big screens of its Galaxy phones.
The 4.7-inch screen of the iPhone 5 has been increased to 5.5-inches for the iPhone 6 Plus.
The Galaxy Note 4's display measures 5.7 inches diagonally, slightly larger than the biggest iPhone. The Note series comes with a stylus that Samsung calls "S Pen" for note taking and drawing.
Samsung moved forward its launch schedule for the new Note phone from October after Apple announced the iPhone 6 with a bigger screen.
U.S. sales of the Galaxy Note 4 will start on Oct. 17.
Samsung said the Galaxy Note Edge, which has a curved side screen that serves as a second screen to display weather information, clocks and menu buttons, will start going on sale in late October.

Fonterra posts revenue jump; cuts forecast payout...and
versions
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra posted record revenue Wednesday but signaled a tougher year ahead for farmers by cutting its projected payout to them.
The cut reflects a drop since February of more than 40 percent in wholesale prices for dairy products. In a presentation Wednesday, Fonterra said the drop was caused by increased production in Europe and the U.S. coupled with slowing growth in demand from China.
In its annual results, Fonterra announced revenue rose 19 percent to 22.3 billion New Zealand dollars ($18 billion) in the year ending July when compared to the previous year. After-tax profit, however, was down 76 percent to NZ$179 million.
Last year the company paid farmers a record NZ$8.40 per kilogram of milk solids, but this year projects it will pay them just NZ$5.30. That's down from an earlier forecast of NZ$6.
Fonterra is the world's largest exporter of dairy products and New Zealand's biggest company, a cooperative owned by 10,500 farmers.
Fonterra Chairman John Wilson said in a statement the latest forecast reflects market volatility due to global geopolitical and economic uncertainty as well as an imbalance in supply and demand. He said the fundamentals for the industry remain strong.
The company blamed its lower profit on higher costs and tighter margins.
The New Zealand dollar fell immediately after the announcement but recovered to trade up 0.2 percent at $0.807.

Things to know about $8B wind energy proposal... 
September 23, 2014 08:35 PM EST | Associated Press
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — An alliance of four companies has proposed an $8 billion project to supply the Los Angeles area with large amounts of electricity from a wind farm in Wyoming. Here are a few things to know about the ambitious project:
— COMPRESSED AIR: Wyoming wind seems to blow year-round, but it's actually a lot windier during winter. Since Los Angeles residents use more energy in summer, developers plan to build a massive battery of sorts in Utah. The plan involves four underground chambers — a quarter-mile high and almost as wide as a football field — that would store compressed air. Electric pumps would fill the caverns during times of high wind and low demand. It would then be released during times of low wind and high demand, driving turbines that would boost electricity back onto the grid.
— NOT COAL: The nation's top coal producer has no state mandate requiring utilities to obtain a certain percentage of their electricity from renewable sources. Yet, Wyoming's abundant wind and unpopulated expanses offer vast options for developers to help utilities in California, Colorado and other states meet their requirements. Wind presents an alternative as Wyoming officials travel to the Far East seeking buyers for coal.
— NOT (QUITE) THE BIGGEST: The $8 billion project would involve building enough wind turbines to power 1.2 million homes with 2,100 megawatts of electricity. That's a big wind farm — but not quite the biggest on the drawing boards in Wyoming. In the works is a 1,000-turbine, 3,000-megawatt development that Denver-based The Anschutz Corp. is planning near Saratoga in south-central Wyoming. The electricity from this project also is targeted at California.
— SPECIES IN THE WAY: Wind turbines kill large numbers of birds, including federally protected bald and golden eagles. Both species are abundant in Wyoming, yet securing an "eagle take" permit for a massive wind farm could prove easier said than done. Anschutz officials have been waiting for months to secure a permit from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for their project.
— BOOM TO CHUGWATER: The wind farm will be built near a picturesque, oddly named town on Wyoming's high plains with a population of 200 and falling, despite a plan a decade ago to lure residents by selling city lots for $100 apiece. Any hint of economic development — let alone a huge wind farm — is sure to be welcome news for Chugwater.

US  California release roadmap for solar projects... 
ELLEN KNICKMEYER | September 23, 2014 08:35 PM EST | Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — State and federal officials sought Tuesday to bring order to California's boom for renewable-energy plants in the Mojave and other southern California deserts, releasing a roadmap covering 22.5 million acres that designates some areas for large-scale solar, wind and geothermal plants and others for conservation of desert habitat and animals.
"We have amazingly special places here," U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said in a news conference at a desert wind farm near Palm Springs with U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer and other officials releasing the multi-agency draft plan.
By taking a look at the desert as a whole, Jewell said, the plan's designers are ensuring "the areas that should be protected are set aside. The areas that should be developed are streamlined" for building utility-scale renewable energy plants.
The release of the plan follows a renewable-energy building boom in southeastern California's deserts during the first term of the Obama administration, when the federal government gave billions of dollars in loans to developers placing sprawling, utility-scale solar projects in virgin desert.
The plan released Tuesday recommends designating a total of 2 million acres as appropriate sites for future solar, wind and geothermal projects. Another 4.9 million acres under the U.S. Bureau of Land Management would be among the areas set aside as conservation areas, if the draft plan is adopted.
Jewell's release of the plan opens a period of public comment through January. Renewable-energy developers and conservationists said they would be studying the more than 8,000 pages to learn exactly how areas were designated and under what rules.
The 22.5 million acres of public and private land in seven southeastern California counties were "enough land for us to find a way to both protect species as well as find a way to develop renewable energy," Anne Baker of the renewable-energy industry's Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies said after the plan's release. "We can figure this out."
State and federal energy and wildlife officials created the draft plan for future projects after five years of consultation with conservationists, scientists and developers, American Indian tribes and others.
California is on track to meet a state goal of having a third of its energy come from renewable sources by 2020.
Conservationists on Monday, in advance of the plan's release, pointed to the Ivanpah solar plant, opened in January on 4,000 acres near the Nevada border. The $2.2 billion solar plant displaced desert tortoises, compelling developers NRG Energy, BrightSource Energy and Google to spend more than $20 million to try to safeguard the tortoises, which the federal government has listed as a threatened species.
The plant, using a different form of solar energy than solar panels, also has proven unexpectedly deadly to birds that flew through its concentrated solar rays. NRG and BrightSource officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday.
Energy developers say environmental concerns have made building desert energy projects slower and more expensive than they should be.
"There's a real urgency for getting projects up as quickly as possible," Mark Tholke, vice president of EDF Renewables energy company, said Monday, before the plan's release. "To meet the challenge of climate change ... we need cost-effective large projects."
Up until now, conservationists say, the push for industrial-scale renewable energy projects in the Mojave did needless harm to desert species and habitat.
"The emphasis was on developing massive projects on desert lands" with "little effort to minimize the impact," said Glenn Stewart, a biologist and a member of the board of directors of the Desert Tortoise Council conservation group.

Italy seizes Putin allys assetsItaly seizes Putin ally Arkady Rotenberg’s property assets
By James Politi in Rome and Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1293172-4340-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Afghanistan s Election Body Names Country s New President-ElectAfghanistan's Election Body Names Ghani New President-Elect
Reuters
reddit
KABUL, Sept 21 (Reuters) - Afghanistan's election commission declared former finance minister Ashraf Ghani as the war-ravaged country's president-elect on Sunday after an acrimonious dispute over fraud, but did not give the final vote tally after a U.N.-monitory audit.
The announcement came hours after Ghani and rival, Abdullah Abdullah, signed a power-sharing agreement to end two months of bitter wrangling over accusations of fraud that undermined confidence in the election and emboldened the Taliban insurgency at a crucial time as most foreign troops prepare to leave.
Independent Election Commission chairman Ahmad Yousuf Nuristani acknowledged grave flaws in the election process and said the U.N. audit could not detect all of it.
Nevertheless, he said that based on the official final tally of votes, the commission had a duty to declare a victor.
"The Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan declare Dr. Ashraf Ghani Ahmad as the president of Afghanistan," Nuristani said.
He did not give the final percentages and took no questions. (Reporting by Kay Johnson; Editing by Mark Potter)
More:

Thousands March In Moscow Against Fighting In UkraineThousands March In Moscow Against Ukraine Fighting
 | By                                                                By NATALIYA VASILYEVA
reddit
MOSCOW (AP) — Tens of thousands of people marched through central Moscow on Sunday to demonstrate against the fighting in Ukraine and Russia's alleged complicity in the conflict.
An Associated Press reporter estimated the crowd at about 20,000, although the city police department put the number at about 5,000.
The demonstrators chanted slogans including "No to war" and "The junta is in the Kremlin, not Kiev." The latter refers to Russia's contention that the ousting of Ukraine's former Russia-friendly president was a coup.
The fighting between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine that erupted after the ouster has killed more than 3,000 people. Ukraine and Western countries claim Russia is supplying troops and equipment to the rebels, which Moscow denies.
"Our country is acting as an aggressor, like Germany in the war," said demonstrator Konstantin Alexeyev, 35.
The Ukraine conflict has boosted nationalist sentiment among Russians, many of whom regard eastern Ukraine as rightfully a part of Russia, and coverage of the crisis on state-controlled television channels has skewed strongly against the Ukrainian authorities.
"I am concerned about the rhetoric on our TV channels, which disseminate anti-Ukrainian sentiment," said 50-year-old demonstrator Ludmila Shteigervalt. "Ukraine is a friendly country. We should just leave it alone."
At least one scuffle broke out between protesters and nationalists who unfurled a banner denouncing "The March of Traitors."
In Kiev, a Ukrainian security official said attacks by Russia-backed rebel fighters are continuing despite a cease-fire called for by both sides more than two weeks ago.
Col. Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for Ukraine's national security council, said two Ukrainian servicemen and about 40 rebels had died in clashes over the past day. He said the fighters fired on Ukrainian positions at 22 locations and that they fired artillery at the airport in Donetsk, the largest rebel-held city.
The city council of Mariupol, a strategically vital city on the coast of the Sea of Azov, said sporadic shelling of points on its outskirts took place during the night and into Sunday daytime. There were no immediate reports of injuries there.
A cease-fire was called on Sept. 5, but has been violated repeatedly. Negotiators from Ukraine, Russia, the rebels and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe last week tried to further the peace process with an agreement calling for both sides to halt their advances and for pulling back heavy artillery in order to create a buffer zone.
But Lysenko said the cease-fire violations are obstructing fulfillment of the buffer zone plan.
"The first point (the cease-fire) is not being fulfilled so far, so we're not talking about the other points," he said.
Along with pulling back the heavy weapons, the plan also calls for the withdrawal of foreign fighters and for all military flights over the combat area to be banned.
___
Jim Heintz contributed to this report.
More:

TV News Completely Snubs People s Climate Marchreddit
The People's Climate March on Sunday was perhaps the largest climate change protest in history . Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of New York City. Celebrities and high-profile politicians were among the marchers. The protest was a huge topic on social media.
All in all, it was a perfect opportunity for some of America's biggest news organizations to cover the topic of climate change, something that usually gets either ignored or badly handled . For Sunday talk show hosts, there was even a nice political hook, since the march was pegged to a UN summit that President Obama will be attending.
Well, so much for that idea. It seems climate change remains one potentially world-shattering issue that just can't get any respect on television. No Sunday morning show except MSNBC's "Up" so much as mentioned climate change, or the march, save for one stray reference on "This Week" by The Nation's Katrina vanden Heuvel. She pointed out that the march was actually gathering right outside the ABC studios in Lincoln Center where the show is taped.
"NBC Nightly News" was the only evening news show to do any segment on the march. (ABC devoted about 23 seconds to the topic in its evening show, and CBS spent exactly zero seconds on it.) Cable news, with the exception of Al Jazeera America, mostly looked the other way, besides a couple of segments on CNN and MSNBC.
Luckily for people who are actually interested in climate change, there were other places to go. The march received robust coverage online , and "Democracy Now" covered the entire thing live .
More:

Why CNN Won t Play Latest ISIS Videoreddit
A CNN executive said Sunday that the network won't be showing the latest video released by the Islamic State, which appears to show British journalist James Cantlie speaking in captivity.
Tony Maddox, executive vice president and managing director of CNN International, explained on "Reliable Sources" that the network decided not to play the video because it contained no new information and was nothing but a clear use of torture by the militant group also known as ISIS. He called it "obscene," "disgusting" and something that "absolutely shouldn't be shown." CNN has instead chosen to show only a still image from the video when reporting on the story.
"What we're seeing is a form of torture," Maddox said. "This man is really trying to perform to save his life. Why would we showcase that?"
"Reliable Sources" host Brian Stelter added that CNN had a tough debate over whether to play the video on air. But ultimately, Maddox said, the "editorial returns were not worth the ethical compromises" of showing the tape.
"We know that ISIS wanted us to show it," he continued. "And if we're in a situation where ISIS wants us to show anything, we should think really carefully about any way we can avoid doing that."
The decision echoes a previous statement by CNN against showing images or videos of U.S. journalist James Foley's death. Foley was also held in captivity by ISIS, and then beheaded in a video released to the public. Other news outlets, however, did not make the same decision with the Foley video.
More:

We want to build on local insightsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ISIS Urges Followers To Attack U.S.  French CitizensISIS Urges Followers To Attack U.S., French Citizens
Reuters
Updated:
11/22/2014  5:59 am EST
This undated image posted on Wednesday, Aug. 27, 2014 by the Raqqa Media Center of the Islamic State group, a Syrian opposition group, which has been verified and is consistent with other AP reporting, shows fighters of the Islamic State waving the group's flag from a damaged display of a government fighter jet following the battle for the Tabqa air base, in Raqqa, Syria. (AP Photo/ Raqqa Media Center of the Islamic State group) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
By Yara Bayoumy
BAGHDAD, Sept 22 (Reuters) - Islamic State urged its  followers on Monday to attack citizens of the United States,  France and other countries which have joined a coalition to  destroy the militant group.
Islamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani also taunted  U.S. President Barack Obama and other Western "crusaders" in a  statement carried by the SITE monitoring website, saying their  forces faced inevitable defeat at the militants' hands.
The United States is building an international coalition to  combat the radical Sunni Muslim group, which has seized swathes  of territory in Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a caliphate in the  heart of the Middle East.
Adnani said the intervention by the U.S.-led coalition would  be the "final campaign of the crusaders," according to SITE's  English-language transcript of an audio recording in Arabic.
"It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous  campaigns were broken and defeated," Adnani said in the  statement, which urged followers to attack U.S., French,  Canadian, Australian and other nationals.
U.S. and French warplanes have struck Islamic State targets  in Iraq and on Sunday the United States said other countries had  indicated a willingness to join it if it goes ahead with air  strikes against the group in Syria too.
Washington has also committed $500 million to arm and train  Syrian rebels and has sent 1,600 U.S. troops back into Iraq to  fight the group..
In his statement, Adnani mocked Western leaders over their  deepening military engagement in the region and said Obama was  repeating the mistakes of his predecessor, George W. Bush.
"If you fight it (Islamic State), it becomes stronger and  tougher. If you leave it alone, it grows and expands. If Obama  has promised you with defeating the Islamic State, then Bush has  also lied before him," Adnani said, according to the transcript.
"DRAGGED TO DESTRUCTION"
Addressing Obama directly, Adnani added: "O mule of the  Jews, you claimed today that America would not be drawn into a  war on the ground. No, it will be drawn and dragged ... to its  death, grave and destruction."
Obama, who has spent much of his tenure extracting the  United States from Iraq after its costly 2003 invasion and   occupation, is sensitive to charges that he is being drawn into  another long campaign that risks U.S. soldiers' lives.
While Obama has ruled out a combat mission, military  officials say the reality of a protracted campaign in Iraq and  possibly Syria may ultimately require greater use of U.S.  troops, including tactical air strike spotters or front-line  advisers embedded with Iraqi forces.
In his statement, Adnani criticized Kurdish fighters who are  battling the Islamic State militants in both Syria and Iraq.
"We do not fight Kurds because they are Kurds. Rather we  fight the disbelievers amongst them, the allies of the crusaders  and Jews in their war against the Muslims," Adnani said, adding  that there were many Muslim Kurds within the ranks of the  Islamic State army.
On Monday, Syrian Kurdish fighters halted an advance by  Islamic State to the east of a predominantly Kurdish town near  the border with Turkey, a spokesman for the main Kurdish group  said.
Adnani also condemned Saudi Arabia, whose senior Muslim  clergy have denounced Islamic State and whose ruling royal  family has joined other Arab states in a pledge to tackle  militant ideology as part of a strategy to counter the group.
Adnani slammed Western inaction over the conflict in Syria,  where President Bashar al-Assad's forces have been embroiled in  a three-year-old civil war with mainly Sunni Muslim fighters. He  said the West had "looked the other way" when barrel bombs were  dropped and chemical weapons were used against Muslim civilians.
"So know that - by Allah - we fear not the swarms of planes,  nor ballistic missiles, nor drones, nor satellites, nor  battleships, nor weapons of mass destruction," he said.
(Additional reporting by Ali Abdelaty in Cairo; Writing by Yara  Bayoumy; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

India s DLF shares slump; BNP downgrades to  reduceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NY Times Columnist Opens Up In Powerful Op-EdCharles M. Blow Opens Up About Sexuality In Powerful Op-Ed
New York Times  | By                                                                Charles M. Blow
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014 11:59 am EDT
NEW YORK - OCTOBER 14:  Op-Ed columnist for The New York Times Charles Blow speaks during Time Warner's Political Conference 2008  at the Time Warner Center on October 14, 2008 in New York City.  (Photo by David S. Holloway/Getty Images for Turner) | David S. Holloway via Getty Images

Omar meets PM  seeks special rehab package for flood-hit Jammu and KashmirPrint
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah with Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari during the latter's visit to discuss the post-flood measures in Srinagar on Monday. Source: PTI photo
Written by Arun Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:56 pm
The Jammu Kashmir government on Tuesday sought a special rehabilitation package from the Centre for putting life back on the rails in flood ravaged state.
The demand was made by state Chief Minister Omar Abdullah when he called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi, said an official spokesman here. “While expressing his gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Central government for timely assistance by way of rescue and immediate relief to the affected people, the chief minister vehemently advocated for liberal and massive assistance from the Central government for relief and rehabilitation of flood affected people,’’ the spokesman added.
“Our hearts go out for the families who have lost their dear ones,’’ Omar said, adding that the loss of property has been colossal in this calamity. “We look to you in this hour of grave crisis for all the required support during the second phase of calamity management in respect to the rehabilitation of affected families both in terms of housing and livelihood, besides permanent restoration of public assets,’’ Omar told the Prime Minister.
The Chief Minister said  that while the state government will immediately role out financial assistance to the affected families from out of the State Disaster Relief Fund, a liberal and pragmatic financial package will need to be worked out for permanent and sustainable settlement and rehabilitation of households devastated by floods. “Considering that the residential houses in Kashmir are built at a cost much higher than other parts of the country and in view of limited working season available before the onset of winter, it is imperative that Central government agrees to the extra ordinary funds for reconstruction of fully and partially damaged houses by the affected families,’’ he said.
Apart from providing financial support to the business establishments affected by the calamity, the agriculture and horticulture losses also need to be compensated fully, he said. All these elements will need to be factored into a special rehabilitation package which also aims at addressing the livelihood concerns of a large number of population devastated by the tragedy, he added.
Amon other things, the Chief Minister also discussed “flood threat management programme’’ and asked the Central government to approve Rs 2,200 crore flood threat management project for river Jhelum already submitted by state government. He also appreciated the role played by Indian Army, Air Force and National Disaster Recue Force in aid of the civil authorities making the rescue efforts result oriented.
The Prime Minister assured all Central support to the state for relief and rehabilitation of affected families and reconstruction of damaged infrastructure, the spokesman added.

Aam Admi Party not to contest Maha Assembly electionsPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:31 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:00 pm
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will not contest the October 15 Assembly elections in Maharashtra, the party announced on Tuesday.
“The Lok Sabha election results brought a realisation that it is not possible to win elections without a strong grass root organisational structure,” AAP spokesperson Preeti Sharma Menon said.
“We also realised that due to the lack of resources and inability of the party to give financial support, many candidates had to struggle to fight elections,” she added.
According to her, the party has decided that it should concentrate on strengthening the organisation, establishing processes and systems, building the infrastructure for communication with volunteers and empowering them through training, so that the party gets a strong volunteer base and organisational strength to enable it fight traditional politics.
“AAP Maharashtra will not contest elections and we will also not support anyone in the forthcoming Assembly elections, neither independent candidates nor any political parties,” Menon said.
“If any AAP member chooses to contest polls either as an independent or through any other party, his or her membership is automatically rescinded. The party members will not be involved in any campaigning,” she said.
AAP volunteers will launch an awareness campaign on proactive participation – ‘Jagrut Nagrik’ and the party will encourage teams to conduct two campaigns in each Assembly
constituency – to identify corrupt candidates and prevent bribes.

India won t join Japan s anti-China coalition: Chinese dailyPress Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:52 pm
India will not join Japan’s efforts to build a strategic counterweight against China along with the US as it follows an independent foreign policy, state media said here on Tuesday, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the US.
Some commentators in Japan suggested that the leaders of Japan and India were aiming to build a strategic counterweight to China while referring to Modi’s recent visit to Japan.
The suggestions are groundless, an article in the online edition of the ‘People’s Daily’, the mouthpiece of the ruling Communist Party, said.
“India, the ‘giant elephant’ of South Asia, operates an independent foreign policy. No major powers including Japan and the US will succeed in imposing their will on India. India’s prudent foreign policy is decided by India’s practical interests,” it said.
China’s President Xi Jinping was the first leader of any major power to visit India after the establishment of the new Indian government, it said referring to Xi’s just concluded visit to New Delhi.
“Indian leaders often point out that you can choose your friends but you cannot choose your neighbours. It is of indispensable strategic value for India to cooperate with China on a friendly basis. How India manages its other relationships is another story,” it said.
To be good neighbours with China has significant geopolitical implications, and is of all-round benefit to both India and China, the article said.
It can be clearly asserted that the stronger the  Sino-India relationship is, the better India will be able to manage its relationships with the US and Japan, it said.
China is widely considered to be the biggest rival to the US and Japan. It is currently locked a in a bitter territorial row with Japan over Diaoyu islands in the East China Sea.
Both the US and Japan are inclined to look for allies to  help them counter China. They will try to discourage India from any rapprochement with China if the two countries seem to be getting too close, the article said.
“China is seeking long-term benefits from its relationship with India. The Sino-India relationship is of independent strategic value and it has nothing to do with relationships with America and Japan. The Sino-India bond has been improving for many years, better than many other foreign relationships. Rationality and perspective play dominant roles in Sino-India relationships,” it said.
The governments of China and India take a practical and positive approach when it comes to territorial disputes between the two countries, in order not to damage their bilateral relationship, it said.
“This is a most reasonable approach in dealing with territorial disputes in Asia. It also provides the two countries with a new angle to manage this kind of dispute. Itis necessary to understand that China and India are complementary to each other,” the article said.

2G PMLA: Raja  Kani involved in Rs 200-crore transaction" EDPrint
Ex-Telecom minister A Raja. (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:31 pm
Enforcement Directorate (ED) Tuesday told a special court trying 2G scam case, that the accused chargesheeted by it in a money laundering case, including ex-Telecom minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi, were involved in the Rs 200crore money transaction which was not “bonafide” and “genuine”.
Advancing arguments on framing of charges, special public prosecutor Anand Grover told the court that the series of transactions relating to transfer of Rs 200 crore from DB group company to DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd were not a “genuine business transaction”.
“We (ED) are saying that these were not genuine and bonafide transactions. The other two entities (Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd) have no role at all except transferring the money. There was no proper documentation regarding these transactions which involved huge amount of money,” he told Special CBI Judge O P Saini.
Grover also told the court that the complaint filed by ED and documents annexed along with the charge sheet prima facie show that it was not a genuine business transaction.
He argued that in this case, individuals had used their companies for commission of the crime and the firms as well as the persons were liable to be made accused in the case.
“The companies are also liable as the individuals have used the firms as vehicle,” he said, adding, “no businessman can lend huge amount of money without any guarantee”.
“This shows that it was not a genuine transaction. It (transfer of money) was not meant for business. It was only for conduiting. They had to route the money through others for the purpose of showing the entire transaction as genuine,” the prosecutor argued. The arguments on framing of charges in the case remained inconclusive today.
ED has chargesheeted 19 accused – 10 individuals and nine firms – in the case.
In its charge sheet, ED had claimed its probe into the case emanates from the 2G spectrum allocation scam and the accused had allegedly conspired and committed offences under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).

Congress ready with list of candidates  likely to release tomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:39 pm
Congress is said to have prepared the list of most of its candidates for Maharashtra Assembly polls which could be out tomorrow amid expectations that the seat sharing arrangement with its 15-year old NCP would be clinched soon.
Party sources also indicated that there was a view that kins of senior leaders should not be fielded and two tickets from a family should not be given barring exceptional circumstances.
It can be possible only both of the candidates are already sitting MLAs and in a winning condition or there is an exceptional scenario, where somebody has a sure shot chance of winning the seat minus any other credible alternative.
The talk in Congress circles was that several senior leaders were keen to give tickets to their kith and kin, including former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan, who was looking to field his wife Amita from Nanded, Congress Campaign Committee chief Narayan Rane was looking for a ticket for his son Nitesh from Konkan while PCC chief Manikrao Thakre wants his son Rahul to be given a ticket from Yavatmal.
Others seeking a ticket to their kith and kin include Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat, who wants a ticket for one of his nephews from Ahmednagar, while Transport minister Madhukar Chavan wants his son to replace him as the party candidate from Tuljapur and Shivajirao Deshmukh wants his son to contest from Shirala.
AICC sources indicated that while one of the family members could be considered for a ticket, the leadership is not warm to the idea of multiple members of a family contesting as it demoralises loyal workers.
A senior party functionary speaking on the condition of anonymity said that since the inauspicious Shradh Paksha ends by tomorrow noon, the time by which the seat dispute between Congress is also likely to be resolved after meetings in Maharasthra, the first list carrying most of the candidates’ name could be out by the evening.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nominations.
“After all candidates have to be given at least a day or two to prepare for filing nominations. So we have to declare all our candidates latest by September 25,” the functionary said.
Indications of the alliance having been salvaged emerged today after meetings with Congress and NCP leaders.
Asserting that it would not be responsible for any break up of alliance with NCP, PCC chief Manikrao Thakre in Maharashtra today asked the Sharad Pawar-led party to show flexibility and accept the seat-sharing proposal mooted by it.
Congress and NCP leaders held an unscheduled meeting this morning there and exchanged their respective proposals with regard to distribution of seats ahead of the October 15 Assembly polls.
“Discussions with NCP are on and a final decision will be announced soon,” Chief Minister continued…

KG Basin Dispute: Australian Judge Appointed as ArbitratorSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed retired Australian judge Michael Kirby as chairman of the three-member arbitration panel to resolve the dispute between the Centre and Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) on KG basin.
The name of Mr Kirby, former judge of the Australian High Court, was suggested to Justice J S Khehar by RIL's senior advocate Harish Salve and consented by Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar, who had only one reservation that the third member who was to be an international person must be a judge and not an advocate.
Other two members of the Arbitral Tribunal are former Chief Justices of India - S P Bharucha and V N Khare.
The need for a third member has been there for quite some time after another arbitrator, also a former Australian judge Michael Hudson McHugh appointed on April 29, had recused himself.
Hudson McHugh was named as chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal as the apex court had on April 2 withdrawn the appointment of James Spigelman, ex-Chief Justice and LG of New South Wales, Australia.
Mr Spigelman's appointment was withdrawn after the Centre drew the attention of Justice S S Nijjar (since retired) that his name was mentioned in the list of names proposed by the Reliance group for appointment as an independent arbitrator.
Justice Nijjar had on March 31 passed an order on the issue of appointment of independent arbitrator as the Chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal.
While RIL has nominated former Justice Bharucha as its arbitrator, the Centre chose Justice Khare as its nominee.
The Supreme Court decided to appoint an international arbitrator as the chairman for adjudication of dispute between Reliance Industries Ltd and the government over recovery of cost for developing the country's key natural gas field in KG basin.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 21:40 (IST)

Deere to explore strategic options for crop insurance businessDeere to explore strategic options for crop insurance business
FILE: Deere Posts 3Q Profit Drop Farm Equipment Maker Deere Post 27 Percent Drop In Quarterly Profits
Scott Olson, Getty Images
Financial and Business Services Insurance U.S. Department of Agriculture
Deere hires Citigroup as adviser for crop insurance business
Deere & Co, the world's largest farm equipment maker, said it was exploring strategic options for its low-margin crop insurance business and had hired Citigroup as its adviser.
The company said no formal decisions had been made and no agreements had been reached yet.
The business underwrites policies through John Deere Insurance Co., offering protection to farmers from losses stemming from a variety of causes such as natural disasters and declines in crop prices.
0
The insurance business is a part of the company's financial services arm. Financial services accounted for 7 percent of Deere's total revenue of $9.5 billion in the third quarter ended July 31.
Deere, along with rivals Agco Corp. and Titan Machinery Inc., has been struggling with falling demand for its farm equipment as low corn prices and a bumper crop in 2013 have hurt farmers' ability to spend on new machinery.
The company said in August that it would lay off more than 600 employees at its plants in Illinois, Iowa and Kansas.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture expects 2014 crop supply to increase faster than demand for corn, soybeans and wheat in the United States, which could further discourage farmers from investing in tractors, harvesters and other agricultural machinery.
Illinois-based Deere could not be reached for comment on the specific nature of the strategic options it was exploring.

M&M to sell scooters & bikes from tractor  UVdealershipsPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:12 am
Utility vehicle player Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) on Tuesday unveiled the name of its upcoming mass scooter model Gusto, which is expected to be launched early next week. The Gusto is M&M’s first scooter to be developed at the company’s R&D facility in Pune after it acquired Kinetic six years ago.
The company, which has been trying to make inroads in the two-wheeler space, said it will integrate the farm-equipment and the passenger vehicle dealerships to sell scooters alongwith tractors and Scorpios.
“We have about 500 exclusive two-wheeler outlets, which is a fairly good size in this market. In addition, we are looking to leverage our tractors and utility vehicle (UV) dealer network to sell two-wheelers,” said Rajesh Jejurikar, CEO (farm equipment & two-wheelers), M&M. “There’s a high buyer overlapping in both rural and urban markets. Those looking to buy a SUV may also have a need for a scooter, similarly in rural areas the tractor owners are also two-wheeler buyers,” he said. M&M will integrate 150 dealers who will start retailing two-wheelers in the first phase. At least 120 of these dealers will be in the rural areas.
M&M is trying to build its two-wheeler portfolio extensively. In the pipeline are products in the motorcycle and the scooters segment. “With Gusto, we would be able to plug the mass market gap where the belly of scooters segment resides,” said Viren Popli, chief (operations), Mahindra Two Wheelers. Rival Honda currently dominates the scooter segment.
Besides the domestic market, the company will push the Gusto for exports. It will first be launched in the northern and western markets of India and Nepal on September 29, followed by South Asia, Central America and Africa over the next months.
At a smaller base, the scooter segment has been growing faster than motorcycles over the last few years and currently contributes about 25% to the overall two-wheeler pie. As per Siam data, in the April-August period this fiscal, the domestic scooter market stood at 17,51,881 vehicles, a growth of 32% year-on-year. The total two-wheeler market during the period was 66,01,935 vehicles, a growth of 14.8% as last fiscal.

Reeling under payment crisis  FTIL to exit boursebusinessPrint
Chennai | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:03 am
Plagued by the payment crisis at the National Spot Exchange (NSEL), Financial Technologies-India (FTIL) has decided to exit exchange and regulated businesses, both in India and abroad. Instead, it will now focus on software technology development and build on its core competency of IP-centric technological innovations.
Speaking to reporters after the 26th AGM, Venkat Chary, chairman & independent non-executive director, FTIL, said the company has decided to go back to its technology roots and rediscover newer areas. He said there is huge scope for technology innovation in India and a large portion of the 1,500 employees in the company are trained in this field. On whether technology business can compensate for the exchange business, Chary said that it would certainly.
The company will now focus on its technology vertical, that includes exchange technology, brokerage, connectivity and consulting solutions, apart from harnessing newer technologies, markets and segments.
Given its experience in delivering mission-critical technologies for financial markets, the company said it is confident of leveraging the same towards opening newer markets and industry segments that have traditionally lagged in adopting technology. It is looking for greater engagement in cloud, social media, mobile and analytics.
The company recently appointed Axis Bank to help sell its stake in the Indian Energy Exchange (IEX). “We are in the process of exiting completely from the exchange-related businesses, most of which have already been sold, and are gearing up to sell our stake in IEX. The company holds about 25% in IEX, ” Chary said.
The earlier deadline set by the board for the sale was September 30; however, that may be delayed by a few weeks.
Without divulging names, he said many people have shown interest in buying the IEX stake. FTIL has already mobilised $150 million by selling Singapore-based bourse SMX, Rs 900 crore by selling its 26% stake in MCX and another Rs 240 crore by selling stake in National Bulk Handling Corporation.
On whether the board is considering the removal of company MD Jignesh Shah, Chary said: “We have full confidence in Jignesh Shah”.

RIL-Oilmin row: SC names former Australian judge as umpirearbitratorPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:59 am
The Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday appointed retired judge Michael Kirby of Australia as chairman of the three-member arbitral tribunal to resolve a dispute between the government and Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries over reimbursement for developing the gas field in KG basin.
Justice JS Khehar appointed the umpire arbitrator after senior counsel Harish Salve, appearing for RIL and other petitioners, suggested the name.
However, Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar did not raise any objection, saying the government wants a retired judge to preside and not a lawyer on the arbitral panel. Salve told the court that Kirby was a well-known name and a “great friend of India”.
Although Kirby’s consent hasn’t been sought yet, Justice Khehar expressed hope that the chairman-nominee would not ‘disappoint us’ and accept the post.
Former chief justices of India VN Khare and SP Bharucha are the other two arbitrators, for the government and Reliance Industries, respectively.
Earlier, the court had asked the two parties to come to a consensus regarding the name of the presiding arbitrator. But a consensus could not be reached, Sinha told the court.
The appointment of the presiding officer had delayed arbitration for a year now.
On April 29, the court had named former Australian judge Michael McHugh to head the tribunal.
However, he withdrew on July 10 after objections were raised by the government lawyers.
Later, RIL filed a fresh application seeking reappointment of the third arbitrator and also blamed the oil ministry for provoking McHugh not to accept the appointment.

Govt gets NPPA to back off  controls on 7% of market togoIndia follows stringent patenting criteria; revokes or denies patents to inventors. (Thinkstock)
New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:56 am
In a big relief to drug companies, the Narendra Modi government has thwarted a controversial move by a regulator to extend price controls to larger segments of the Indian pharmaceutical market by citing “public interest” and prevalence of “extraordinary circumstances”. Following an order by the department of pharmaceuticals in the ministry of chemicals and fertilisers, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) late on Monday withdrew with immediate effect a May 29 guideline that virtually expanded the regulator’s remit through an interpretation of a provision in the Drugs Price Control Order (DPCO), 2013.
This not only seems to render a July 10 order by the NPPA putting price caps on 108 anti-diabetes and cardio-vascular formulations null and void (the NPPA is yet to rescind the order), but also serve as a policy guideline to the regulator that it should try and desist from extending controls to “non-essential drugs” unilaterally.
Major beneficiaries of the decision are Ranbaxy, GSK, Sanofi and Abbott.
The July 10 order had expanded the span of price controls to an additional 7% of the R75,000-crore retail pharma market. Since a new DPCO was promulgated last year, NPPA capped prices of 348 “essential drugs” defined in terms of specified strengths, with a share of about 20% of the market.
Coincidentally or otherwise, the government’s move came just days ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit starting this weekend. US-based large transnational drug companies under the banner of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and in their individual capacities have been critical of drug price regulation in India and have pitched consistently for a more robust regime in India when it comes to protecting intellectual property rights (IPRs). The PhRMA includes Pfizer, Merck, Sanofi, Novartis, Eli Lilly, etc, who talked about investing more in India if their demands were met.
The industry had earlier moved courts against the NPPA’s July order, saying it was issued without consulting them. While the OPPI, body that comprises mostly foreign MNCs moved the Delhi High Court, IPA, a grouping of some large homegrown companies, approached the Mumbai High Court against NPPA’s decision. Paragraph 19 allowing NPPA to bring drugs outside National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) is meant to let NPPA bring price controls on relevant drugs in the event of outbreak of an epidemic and that too, for a specified period, pointed out DG Shah, secretary-general, IPA. He added that the revocation of the May guidelines on this provision created a “piquant situation” as the July order as per these guidelines imposing price caps hasn’t been withdrawn by NPPA so far. “We hope the NPPA would gracefully withdraw the price ceiling notification and take industry into confidence,” said Shah.
Analysts point out that the correct course of action for NPPA if it wanted to bring non-NLEM drugs under price controls would have been continued…

HNIs buy Nifty-linked debentures worth Rs 200-300 cr every monthbull market
(As Nifty crosses the 8000-mark,…)
MUMBAI: A favourite product of the bull market has made a comeback as well-heeled investors buy structured products linked to Nifty movements.
As Nifty crosses the 8000-mark, Nifty-linked debentures (NLDs) worth Rs 200 crore to Rs 300 crore are being lapped by high net worth individuals every month.
At present, NLDs of Rs 10,000 crore are being held by such investors who are serviced by private wealth arms of banks and brokerages. NLDs come in two flavours: with capital protection (where the invested corpus is not eroded) and the riskier one with no capital protection (that captures higher return when the market surges but can wipe out the capital if there is a crash).
"Investors who want exposure to equities but avoid the downside risk opt for structures that offer capital protection. Investors looking for high participation in Nifty, invest in structures with no capital protection. Fixed income investors, too, can invest in structures with appropriate pay-offs," says Ashish Kehair, head private wealth at ICICI Securities .
With a minimum investment ticket size of Rs 10 lakh, the space primarily belongs to rich investors who snoop around for fancy products beyond the plain vanilla. Those looking for capital protection, typically put money in threeyear NLDs that offer 1.4 times the point to point return generated by Nifty at the end of the tenure.
So, if the index rises 70% in three years, an investor walks away with an interest of Rs 9.8 lakh (1.4 times of 70%) besides getting back the capital of Rs 10 lakh. This is the maximum s/he receives even if the Nifty rises beyond 70%. If at the end of three years, the Nifty is below the level it was when the product was sold, the investor only gets back the capital. Risk takers prefer more aggressive structures.
One of the products they buy entails doubling of capital if the Nifty gives at least 25% point-to-point return after three years; if Nifty rises less than 25%, the product matches the Nifty return, but if the index slips 10% or 20% or 25%, the investor not only foregoes the interest amount but also ends up losing a proportionate part of the capital. This is a more risky variety that's sold as "no capital protection NLDs".
Issuers construct such risk-return matrix through complex options trading. "Investors are taking credit risk when they invest in such structures," says Feroze Azeez, director — private wealth management — Anand Rathi Financial Services. Most issuers of these products are non-banking financial institutions and investors are effectively lending money to them. If the issuers go bust, then the investor stands to lose money.
Citi, Reliance Capital, Edelweiss, Anand Rathi Financial Services issue these NLDs. Wealth managers advise investors to put in money only if they can stay invested till maturity due to secondary market illiquidity.
"One can invest up to 20% of his fixed income allocation in principal protected structures. Non-principal protected structures, offering high participation, can be considered up to 20% of the equity allocation," says Nishant Agarwal, senior director & head — wealth advisory solutions, ASK Wealth Advisors.
They also remind clients of the tax angle in NLDs. Capital guarantee products are listed on the exchange and, therefore, attract 10% tax if they are sold after 12 months, but before maturity of the structure.
However, if investors hold NLDs till maturity, the gains are taxed as interest income. In case of unlisted products with a tenure of over three years, gains are taxed at 20%, otherwise it is taxed at the marginal rate of tax. Most NLDs come with an entry load of 2-3% which is used to compensate wealth managers marketing them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Garba: Another excuse for communal chatter i...Garba becomes yet another excuse for communal chatter in Gujarat
DP Bhattacharya & Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
garba
(Garba song themes range…)
AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: It's time once again for that heaving cauldron of collective terpsichorean effort known as garba. All over Gujarat, young men and women have been diligently practising for precisely this chance to show off their skills at 'doing the garba', which involves swaying rhythmically to folk songs mostly praising Krishna or Durga during navratri, dressed in their finest.
At its best, garba reflects a confluence of diverse dialects, musical traditions and faiths. Unfortunately, it seems to have drawn the wrong kind of attention, becoming yet another excuse for decidedly communal chatter.
Maulana Mehdi Hasan, the cleric who offered a skullcap to Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his Sadbhavana Mission in 2011, said navratri was the "festival of devils". He was arrested for this on Tuesday. "Garba is no religious festival, but one of entertainment where actors, drunkards and rapists visit and elope with girls," was Hasan's considered view.
"The festival should be stopped altogether." This infuriated the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), which demanded strict action against him. Speaking to ET on Monday, Hasan said he was not against other religions or festivity. "But garba is no more a religious activity and has become more of a commercial activity with pomp and show taking over," he said. "I am a Sufi saint and I am not going back on my words."
This actually chimes, in some respects, with what the VHP wants. It has asked for a statewide movement to bar Muslim youths from entering garba venues, to prevent incidents of "eve teasing" and presumably prevent them from waging 'Love Jihad', the seduction of Hindu girls by Muslim men for the purpose of conversion.
The VHP in Gujarat recently issued a pamphlet asking women not to debase themselves by falling into the traps set by Muslim men. It also set conditions for anyone wanting to join the party. "Muslim youth can come to garba venues, but only after converting to Hinduism," said VHP Gujarat general secretary Ranchhod Bharwad. Organisers of garba utsavs say they are in talks with the right-wing outfits. PB Baria, chairman of the Adhyashakti Garba Mahotasav in Godhra, said he was constantly being asked by Hindu outfits to bar the entry of Muslims.
"We want everybody to participate in garba like always but some groups are using the festival to project themselves as the protectors of the Hindu community," he said. "We have tightened security not only in the ground but also around houses of organisers."
Held during the nine nights of navratri, garba begins at 9 pm with slow, soothing songs then shifts to those of rising tempo. While entry for women is mostly free, men pay up to Rs 3,000. Garba song themes range from social commentary to political satire to fun 'railgaadi' numbers but the events are incomplete without the Ambe aarti performed at around 11 pm. Though the dancing stops at midnight as per Gujarat Police rules, food outlets remain open all night.
Members of the Hindu Asmita Rakshak Samiti, an organisation set up "to prevent Muslim participation in navratri and restore the festival's ancient glory" say they have gone to every "sheri" (street corner) and pandal to ask the organisers to support them. "They come here only for our women. We have asked organisers not to take any donation from Muslims and not to allow them anywhere near the premises," said Jaimin Shah, head of the samiti in Panchmahal district.
 
Many Muslims have actually fallen in line with the ban. Several mosques in Anand, Patan and Godhra have asked Muslims to stay away from garba because "it is against the tenets of Islam to do so."
Some garba organisers in the state have announced that "only those Muslim boys dressed in traditional attire and accompanied by their families will be allowed to participate in the festivities." The artistes feel the festival is being needlessly communalised.
"Garba is popular because the songs are lok sangeet, about birds, rivers, temples and the simplicity of people of Gujarat, which belongs to all communities here," said Achal Mehta, a musician of the Rishabh Group that has been playing at garba venues in Gujarat for the past 34 years.
"Many of the people involved in the economy of garba such as CD sale, decoration are Muslims. The festival is as much about uniting hearts as about art," Mehta said. Still, garba has had an exclusivist streak previously as well, said Manjula Pradeep, eminent Dalit rights activist. She cited a survey which said that in almost 85% of villages in the state, Dalits are not allowed to participate in garbas organised by the dominant upper castes.
"There have been instances when Dalits had to face extreme violence for participating in village garbas," she added.
Writer-thinker Achyut Yagnik said it was only in the 1970s that garba moved to bigger venues in cities such as Vadodara, Ahmedabad and Rajkot from street-corner events mostly for people of the same background. "But Muslim communities such as Mirs and Langhas of Saurashtra, who excel at singing garba songs, were frequently invited to the navratri events," he said. That sort of assimilation is now the stuff of nostalgia it would seem.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Drug price decontrol will hit cardiac  diabetic patients hardDrug price decontrol will hit cardiac  diabetic patients hard
Govt sacks Syndicate Bank CMDGovt sacks Syndicate Bank CMD
Investors positive as PSU banks to benefit with dilution of Basel III normsInvestors positive as PSU banks to benefit with dilution of Basel III norms
Suraj Sowkar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Investors’ concerns…)
ET INTELLIGENCE GROUP: Over the past two years, investors have been sceptical of public sector banks due to two reasons -- continued rise in stressed assets, and the need to raise capital to meet the Basel III norms.
However, investors' concerns on capital requirement of major public sector banks may ease after RBI recently relaxed the norms for issuing Tier 1 instruments. Moreover, easing of liquidity may lead to an expansion in net interest margins (NIMs) in the next few quarters.
As a result, large-sized public sector banks such as SBI , Bank of Baroda , Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank may be back on investors' radar.
Such banks will be the major beneficiaries with the dilution of a few guidelines of the Basel III norms. Some of the noteworthy amendments made by the central bank include allowing retail investors to participate in Tier 1 instruments and a revision of loss absorption mechanism for non-equity instruments as temporary or permanent compared to permanent earlier.
These measures will lower banks' cost of raising Tier 1 capital. In July, Bank of India had raised Tier 1 capital at 11% interest rate. But with the new norms, the cost of these instruments for larger banks may come down. Also, the equity requirement will be lower as Tier 1 debt capital may be raised at a cheaper rate.
Another positive for banks will be the lower cost of funds. In FY14, NIMs of large public sector banks such as SBI, Bank of Baroda, Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank had fallen to their respective three-year lows.
"The NIMs of these banks declined in the range of 45 to 90 basis points in the last three years owing to higher slippages, asset liability mismatch and falling CASA proportion," said Darpin Shah of HDFC Securities , in his latest report.
However, this trend may reverse as sufficient liquidity in the bond market has resulted in lower rates in the past few months.
As per the latest data available from FIMMDA, oneyear certificate of deposit is trading at an yield of 9.05%, down 38 basis points since the last six months.
Given sufficient liquidity, the country's largest lender, SBI, has reduced its one-year to three-year deposit rates by 25 basis points to 8.75%. It is believed that other large-sized banks may follow suit soon. Given this scenario, NIMs of banks may see an expansion in the next few quarters. Despite this, asset quality stress may still persist for some time.
Analysts believe that it may take another couple of quarters to see any decline in non-performing assets for these banks.
At present, stocks of largesized public banks are trading at around 10% lower than their 52-week highs, while largesized private banks such as ICICI Bank and Axis Bank are trading near their life highs.
But, with the gradual improvement in operations, the stocks of large-sized public sector banks may spring back to reckoning.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FII inflows in debt market cross Rs 1 lakh croreFII inflows in debt market cross Rs 1 lakh crore mark in 2014
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 11.05AM IST
Tags:
debt market
(The strong inflows in the…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian debt market since the beginning of the year primarily on account of government's reform agenda.
As per the latest data, foreign investors have purchased debt securities worth Rs 2,82,194 crore in this year so far, while they offloaded bonds to the tune of Rs 1,64,820 crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 1,17,374 crore ($19.45 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs 14,900 crore in the this month so far.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, various reform measures announced by the government and high interest rate have caught the fancy of overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts and Foreign Portfolio Investors).
The inflow is also significantly higher in debt compared to equities, which till date have attracted Rs 85,330 crore ($14.2 billion).
Interestingly, most of the inflow into Indian debt has gone into government securities.
Since May 16, when the election results were announced, overseas investors have poured in close to Rs 86,000 crore in the Indian debt market, as the verdict met foreign investors' expectations in the Lok Sabha polls .
In 2013, foreign investors had pulled out a net amount of Rs 50,848 crore from the country's bond market.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into Indian debt market to Rs 2.22 lakh crore, while their investments in dollar terms is $44 billion.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when overseas investors began investing into Indian markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc in attendance  Modi to kick off Make in India campaignIndia Inc in attendance  Modi to kick off Make in India campaign
Myanmar must realise its importanceMyanmar must realise its importance
Oracle s Ellison took smaller pay package in fiscal 2014Oracle s Ellison took smaller pay package in fiscal 2014
Kerala government mulls policy change to support young entrepreneursUpdated: September 24, 2014 08:15 IST
Kerala government mulls policy change to support young entrepreneurs
G. Krishnakumar
Tweet
The latest move is part of the continuing efforts to change archaic policies to encourage young entrepreneurs to invest their talents and skills in agriculture and food processing sectors.
Buoyed by the enthusiastic response among young entrepreneurs ready to launch start-ups in agriculture and allied sectors, the government is keenly debating certain policy changes that would permit them use its fallow and unproductive land for long-term lease at concessional rates.
The latest move is part of the continuing efforts to change archaic policies to encourage young entrepreneurs to invest their talents and skills in agriculture and food processing sectors.
Local bodies’ role
Senior officials who are part of the policy formulation told The Hindu that a public-private-panchayat model is one among several ideas being discussed to develop a robust ecosystem for young entrepreneurs.
As part of the proposal, the farmer entrepreneurs could tie-up with local bodies and utilise fallow and unproductive land under their possession for agricultural and related ventures. The government expects to overcome bureaucratic hurdles and delay in clearances by roping in panchayats as a key partner in these initiatives.
The local bodies could also reap the benefit of increased revenue through such joint ventures. Other expected returns include enhanced food production and infrastructure development and increase in local commerce.
The government has also plans to use private land acquired for various development works but remaining unused for joint ventures involving young farmer entrepreneurs. Such land would be located and measured to ascertain whether it could be utilised for agriculture, food processing and other value-added initiatives.
Senior officials admitted that panchayats would have to act as facilitators and not a regulatory body exercising its powers to support young entrepreneurs across the State. The government is now planning a series of measures in the coming months to instill confidence among talented youngsters willing to take up start-up projects having social relevance and extending benefits to the common man.

Mars Orbiter Mission enters crucial phaseMars Orbiter Mission enters crucial phase
Obama Says U.S.  China Must Lead on Climate ChangeObama Says U.S.  China Must Lead on Climate Change
Exclusive: MOM has 90% Chances of Success  says Former ISRO ChairmanExclusive: MOM has 90% Chances of Success  says Former ISRO Chairman
Sensex drops 431 pts on weak global cuesSensex drops 431 pts on weak global cues
Shipping Corporation of India change in directorateSep 23, 2014, 08.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shipping Corporation of India change in directorate
Shipping Corporation of India has informed regarding change in the Board of Directors of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shipping Corporation of India change in directorate
Shipping Corporation of India has informed regarding change in the Board of Directors of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Shipping Corporation of India Ltd has informed BSE regarding change in the Board of Directors of the Company.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka to employees: Use Facebook at work  tweet  but get the job doneInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook, Twitter at work but get job done
Reuters | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
 

For Make in India  its Talk to AmericaFor Make in India, it's Talk to America during PM Narendra Modi's US visit
Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
 

Alex Trebek (and mustache) return for 31st season as...A: I have no idea. It's up to me. I'll keep doing it as long as I feel I haven't lost my skills too much.
Q: Are you irreplaceable?
A: The audiences are loyal to "Jeopardy!" and loyal to me, but their loyalty to the program and to the contestants, I think, would overcome the loss of Trebek.
Q: How many shows do you tape a week?
A: Five a day, two days in a row — Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
Q: How often do you change out the audience? Your wardrobe?
A: The first audience comes in for three shows, then we have a break, and then we tape two shows with a different audience. I change my suit every show. We're a fantasy medium in some regard. We fake it.
Q: Are some shows more difficult to host than others?
A: Sometimes it doesn't go well because the contestants aren't doing well on that program. Those games are tougher to host, because we have a lot of misses. There's no rhythm.
Q: Why did Arthur Chu create such an uproar over his style and manner?
A: He has a degree of confidence about himself, and I think Americans, for the most part, prefer their champions to be more modest and self-effacing.
Q: Did Chu get under your skin?
A: You're not going to throw me. I'm going to be here tomorrow and you may not be if you don't win the game.
Q: Why haven't we seen "Celebrity Jeopardy" in a while?
A: We used to do it on a regular basis, but then I guess more and more celebrities got frightened by the prospect of appearing on national television and embarrassing themselves.
Q: Speaking of "Celebrity Jeopardy," what did you think of Will Ferrell's "Saturday Night Live" parody?
A: It was fun, I enjoyed it. I miss Darrell Hammond as Sean Connery because he did that so well and just skewered Trebek as often as he could.
Q You've been reading these clues for 31 years. Do you feel by osmosis you're the smartest guy in the world?
A: I have absorbed all of this information. I'm probably the most brilliant person you've ever interviewed. On the other hand, my memory is shot, so I can't demonstrate that brilliance by recalling all of this stuff.

High-end condos point to rebounding market in downtown...Chicago's downtown condo market rebounding
Apartment construction still hot in Chicago, but high-end units could spark condo revival
Most condo projects aimed at affluent consumers
Tuesday's ceremonial groundbreaking for a condominium building in Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood was a long-awaited sight and sign, even if the project will have just 35 units.
The $80 million project, named 4 East Elm, is the first high-rise condo building to start marketing units on the city's Near North Side since 2007. What's more, just under half of the building, where the prices for half-floor and full-floor units range from $2.1 million to $7 million, is under contract.
Other developments are moving into the marketing phase as well: midsize, high-end projects north of the Chicago River and in the West Loop. A more affordably priced condo tower also is underway in the city's South Loop neighborhood.
  Open link
Their starts are encouraging signs that the downtown condo market is rebounding after several years in which developers focused on apartment buildings.
But make no mistake, the return of for-sale development is baby step by baby step, and most of the projects cater to the less-risky, affluent consumer. Industry watchers predict it will be at least another three to four years before condo projects aimed at entry-level and midmarket buyers gain in popularity with developers and their lenders.
Apartment construction remains hot, although worries are starting to creep in that a bubble is forming. In the past four years, apartment developers have added more than 1,700 units to an area roughly bordered by North Avenue, Cermak Road, parts of the Chicago River and Ashland Avenue, and Lake Michigan, according Appraisal Research Counselors. That compares with 133 condo units in the same time.
8
Some downtown rental towers have seen exceptional demand, despite dizzyingly rents. Most of the units are aimed at young professionals who can't or don't want to buy but can afford rents that start at about $2,000 for small units and plush amenities.
On the opposite end of the building spectrum are some of the latest crop of condos, large lavishly appointed units with high price tags. They're catering to older, more established consumers who can pay cash or qualify for a mortgage, and are looking to move out of smaller downtown condos or are downsizing from the suburbs and want something new.
"There's always been demand for high-end, luxury units," said Jim Letchinger, president of JDL Development Corp., which next week will begin taking reservations for a 70-unit project planned for 21 W. Walton St. where prices will run from just under $2 million to more than $10 million. "It did get quiet because people weren't interested in spending money. Now the demand has come back but there's no product."
In fact, developers are finding they can't build product fast enough.
Belgravia Group Ltd., which took over unfinished West Loop projects before starting its own, has found success with larger, three-bedroom units. Despite raising its prices, its most recent project was sold out shortly after its groundbreaking.
Now Belgravia is trying to acquire a site in the city's River North neighborhood that could become home to 50 condos in a 12- to 14-story building.
"We keep getting calls all the time," said Alan Lev, Belgravia's president and CEO. "Something less than 50 units appears to be the sweet spot."
@mcn4165. Pay the Rush Limbaugh bunch no mind. They're stuck on stupid and will never be fixed.
ronrager
13
DRW Real Estate Holdings' Convexity Properties, which is developing 4 East Elm, was nervous about putting no more than two units on a floor. But marketing partner @properties pushed for larger, more luxurious units, according to @properties co-founder Michael Golden. Originally, prices ran from $500 to $1,000 a square foot. Based on buyer interest, they now range from more than $700 to $1,200 a square foot.
A price tag hovering around $1 million is popular. Related Realty will soon start marketing a 28-unit condo project at 100 W. Huron St. where the smallest, 1,700-square-foot units will start at just under $1 million, according to Related Realty president David Wolf.
Eventually, once the apartment boom runs its course, some apartment towers possibly convert to condos, and there are enough entry-level buyers to satisfy lenders' pre-sale requirements for construction financing, lower-priced condo projects will start taking shape.
"It's a gradual process," said Gail Lissner, a vice president at Appraisal Research. "It reminds me of the '90s. Developers are testing the waters and it's very logical. You don't start out with 500 units."
For current condo owners, the market's dynamics represent a conundrum. If owners bought during the market's run-up, they may be underwater on their mortgage and unable to sell but easily able to exit their unit by turning it into a rental. If owners bought a dozen years ago or more ago, their units look dated.
"Right now, unless you have some vision and some work, (buyers) have to catch it right when it comes on the market," said Joanne Nemerovski, an agent with Berkshire HathawayHomeServices KoenigRubloff. "There's almost nothing on the market for buyers."
That lack of supply is helping push up existing condo prices. For example, during the first seven months of the year, condo sales on the city's Near West Side were down 5.2 percent from a year ago, but the median price rose 8.3 percent, according to Midwest Real Estate Data, the local multiple listing provider
"For the most part, it's a good thing that we haven't been bloated with new construction in the condo market because it has allowed for (price) stabilization," noted Matthew Farrell, managing partner of Urban Real Estate.
When like-new units do come on the market, they don't last long.
Coldwell Banker agent Samuel Ciochon on Wednesday listed a two-bedroom, two-bath condo in a 15-year-old building on Chicago's Near North Side, a unit in which the owner just completed a complete rehab. Listed for $600,000, Ciochon conducted an open house for the unit Sunday, even though the property received an offer Saturday that is now being negotiated.
"I knew it was going to sell really quickly," he said. "It'll set a new price point for the building."

Sears negotiates  Tie Bar opens  Benetton shuts Chicago...0
Like the airline booking service Priceline, the service invites customers to name their price. An algorithm works behind the scenes to determine whether to accept it, based on thresholds established by the retailer, or come back with a counteroffer. Searsoutlet.com generally negotiates a 1 to 10 percent discount — which, for a $2,000 refrigerator, can mean savings as small as $20, but that's often not the point.
"If people get any percent, they seem to be very happy," Franzen said. "People have control over their destiny."
The retailer is always testing elements of the service, so some shoppers in a control group may not get the offer to negotiate.
Netotiate, which takes a 3 to 7.5 percent cut of sales made through its service, has generated $80 million in sales for its clients, Javits said. The average discount negotiated is 5 percent, though some retailers bargain with other offers, like free shipping, he said.
The Tie Bar to open Lincoln Park pop-up: With a new CEO and new Chicago headquarters, online men's accessories retailer The Tie Bar is dipping into the world of bricks and mortar.
The Tie Bar, which sells on-trend neckties, cuff links, pocket squares and other accessories starting at $15, plans to open a two-month pop-up shop Oct. 17 at 918 W. Armitage Ave. in the Lincoln Park neighborhood.
"Opening a physical retail space in Chicago is a natural evolution for the brand," said CEO Michael Alter, who took the helm of the decade-old company in April. "Our pop-up gives customers the chance to touch and feel our products."
The 3,200-square-foot space, the first physical location for the brand, will have exposed brick, throw rugs and local art to "showcase a modern, masculine design with a slight rustic twist," the company said in a news release.
"Ultimately, we wanted to create an environment that guys would want to hang out in," said Allyson Wicha Lewis, vice president of merchandising.
The Tie Bar is moving its headquarters from Naperville to Chicago, where it has leased 6,897 square feet at 224 N. Desplaines St. in the West Loop, an increasingly popular spot for tech offices. The company has been growing fast, Alter has said, with revenues of $16 million in 2013, up from $10 million in 2010.
Benetton closes Chicago store: The United Colors of Benetton has closed its Magnificent Mile store, the last Chicago-area outpost of the Italian clothing brand.
Benetton, which had been in The Shops at North Bridge since the mall opened in 2000, closed in mid-August, said Erica Strama, senior marketing manager of the mall.
Benetton representatives did not respond to requests for comment. Store associates in neighboring shops said they were surprised by the abrupt closing.
Strama declined to provide details about what led to the closing but said the "leasing team is working to find the perfect complement for the space. Retail is about what is new and fresh and we look forward to the opportunity to bring a compelling new concept to this space."
Benetton, popular in the 1980s for its brightly colored knits and edgy multicultural advertising campaigns, has closed many stores as competition from fast-fashion brands like Zara increased. Its Oak Park shop closed in 2010 and a Lincoln Park shop closed in 2012.
Strama didn't know if the prime mall spot would be filled before the holiday shopping season, but she said The Shops at North Bridge is looking forward to other changes. This fall it will welcome Neiman Marcus Studio, Mac, True Religion, Shake Shack and the Chinese restaurant Lao Sze Chuan.

Mangalyan to send colour images of Mars from WednesdayByalalu
(The images, once transmitted…)
BANGALORE: Following the successful re-firing of the main liquid engine of the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft for a minor trajectory change on Monday, Isro is planning to activate the colour camera payload and get the first images of the red planet by Wednesday afternoon.
With Monday's success, the possibility of MOM acquiring the desired orbit around Mars on Wednesday has reached near 100 per cent. With respect to this, scientific secretary V Koteswara Rao told TOI: "Soon after the Mars orbit insertion operations on Wednesday is complete and things settle down, we will have the images transmitted back to earth. We are looking at afternoon."
The images, once transmitted will be received by Isro's Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) in Byalalu , Karnataka.
Explaining Monday's operations, he said: "The whole thing happened on the dot. There was not even a minor deviation from our plan. The spacecraft, and the engine are in great health, giving us a lot of confidence for Wednesday."
Isro used 564g of fuel to re-fire the engine for about 4 seconds (3.986 seconds), which achieved a trajectory correction by reducing the speed by 2.18 metre per second. The spacecraft is currently travelling at a speed of 22-km per second. It would have to be reduced drastically to 1.6-km/second so as to be inserted into the martian orbit.
Even as the big challenge was overcome successfully on Monday, Tuesday cannot be quiet, Rao said, pointing out that a constant monitoring of the spacecraft will be done through the day before the last operation early Wednesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airlines resist pressure to fly to small-town IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vegetarian campaign near mosque sparks clashesUpdated: September 23, 2014 03:02 IST
Vegetarian campaign near mosque sparks clashes
P. Sunderarajan
The Hindu The police trying to protect a PETA activist who was attacked on Monday after she tried to persuade Muslims to celebrate Bakrid with vegetarian fare. Photo: A. M. Faruqui
TOPICS
Madhya Pradesh
Clashes broke out near the Taj-ul-Masjid in the Old Bhopal area after activists of the People for Ethical Treatment of Animals on Monday sought to persuade local Muslims to celebrate Bakrid with vegetarian fare. A policeman suffered minor injuries.
Police personnel swung into action after a crowd threw stones and footwear outside the mosque. An activist had to be rescued after the crowd surrounded her.Speaking to reporters later, Shahid Ali, Corporator of Shahajenabad and a prominent leader of the area, slammed the activists for trying to hold a campaign against a religious belief. “I am myself a vegetarian. Let them campaign for vegetarianism and protection of animals. But, they can’t target a religious belief and tradition and that too outside a shrine held dear by the local community. How can one tolerate such a thing?”
Later, in a statement, PETA said the programme was to be a “peaceful, friendly” awareness programme. “Just in time for Bakrid, a Muslim People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), India, staff member planned a peaceful, friendly awareness program wearing a burqa adorned with vegetables and a green head scarf while holding a sign reading:  “Make Eid Happy for All: Try Vegan.”
 “She hoped the friendly program would encourage Bhopal residents to spare animals’ lives, protect their own health and protect the planet. Instead, she along with her young female colleagues, were attacked by a growing mob of men, slapped, beaten and pelted with stones before the programme, for which they had police permission, even began. The Bhopal police managed to rescue the women, but several were also hurt in the process. PETA’s staff members were injured, including facial injuries, and had to be escorted to the hospital by police, and given police protection. Too shaken up to immediately file an FIR, the women plan to file it after they tend to their trauma and injuries.”

Bharatiya Janata Party will make more attempts to form govt in Delhi: Arvind KejriwalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mars Mission: ISRO on verge of creating historyA successful set of manoeuvres will make ISRO the world’s only organisation to reach Mars in its first attempt.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: The Mars Orbiter spacecraft of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) moved closer to its home on Monday, as ISRO woke up its liquid engine from slumber and slowed down the spacecraft marginally. This is in preparation for the final manoeuvres on Wednesday morning, which will slow it further and place it in Martian orbit by 8 am.
A successful set of manoeuvres will make ISRO the world's only organisation to reach Mars in its first attempt. Monday's operation was crucial as the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) was lying idle since December 1 last year. Although ISRO had tested the engine on the ground, a 10-month journey through the cold interplanetary space was a new experience for its engineers, and events there are unpredictable. The mission has so far gone like clockwork, with each manoeuvre executed with precision, thereby raising expectations for the rest of the mission.
A faultless operation means that ISRO will save fuel and make the spacecraft last longer. If the LAM does not fire, it will have to use eight smaller thrusters to slow the spacecraft enough for capture by the red planet. But these thrusters are not as efficient as the main liquid engine, and so the spacecraft will spend more fuel on slowing down.
The spacecraft will then be substantially higher than originally planned, thereby forcing a review of the scientific objectives of the mission. Monday's firing, although only for 3.98 seconds, made sure the spacecraft approached the planet at the right altitude for maximum efficiency in operation.
It will approach Mars on Wednesday at a velocity of just over 5 km per second, which will be slowed down to about 4.3 km per second after the LAM fires for 24 minutes starting 7.17 am. The news of each event — there is a series of them starting at 6.56 am — will reach the earth 12.5 minutes later.
The first set of pictures will arrive in the afternoon. At an average distance of 224 million kilometres, Mars is so far away that a perfect mission to the planet is very difficult. Many of the Mars mission failures happened in the 1960s and 1970s, when scientists had not mastered some essential technologies.
Failures happened even in the 1990s, after NASA had flown many successful missions. A Russian rocket to the planet never left the earth in 2011. This is why scientists can take nothing for granted while travelling to Mars. Which is also why India is close to a truly historic moment.

How Infosys is switching to design thinkingHow Infosys is switching to ‘design thinking’
Sangeetha Chengappa
Sikka’s new plan for disruptive innovations slowly takes root
Bangalore, September 21:  
Barely a month after Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka exposed the entire Infosys leadership team to design thinking at his alma mater, Stanford’s d.school: institute of design, one of the members of his top leadership team has already reached out to a Bangalore-headquartered design and consulting firm.
According to an industry source, Sanjay Rajagopalan, who quit SAP AG where he was head of design and special projects, to join Sikka and lead product strategy at Infosys, called up the design firm from Frankfurt a few days ago, asking if they could help introduce design thinking to Infoscions. Rajagopalan was a part of Sikka’s core team at SAP, where Sikka was CTO before he took over as CEO at Infosys.
Disruptive innovation
Design thinking is the new buzzword, which organisations across the world are increasingly adopting to create disruptive innovations that change the way their customers do business in a rapidly changing business environment. It involves a process of investigating, innovating and implementing, wherein ideas are taken from the mind to the market with skill, speed and imagination.
Sikka is keen on “embracing and practising design thinking and innovation” to help Infosys clients “transform themselves and be relevant in the times to come”, as he said in his personal blog on September 1, 2014.
According to industry veteran Anil Sondur, Vice-President and head of the industrial design division at Tata Elxsi, there are two major components that go into design thinking – consumer insights and ergonomics. “We collect deep consumer insights that go beyond standard market research and combine it with the way they use those products (ergonomics) to create new products and solutions, and provide it at a cost acceptable to the customer.”
To let design thinking permeate down to each employee, he pointed out that Infosys must create an internal incubation setup to run design thinking programmes where designers must work together with employees from across business units. When they are successful in doing it, then those employees can go back to their own business units and run it there.
Concurring with Sondur, Sonia Manchanda, co-founder and principal designer of the Bangalore-based Idiom Design and Consulting, said, “Design thinking starts from the consumer. It is a human-centred method to create a product, process or system that again is meaningful, valuable and creates a big impact in their lives.”
Delivering value
She said large organisations like Infosys must build design competencies in their employees, which includes imagination, curiosity, empathy, focus and discipline and a shift from mechanically delivering solutions to creating solutions that deliver new value to their customers. 
“Design thinking is more philosophy than strategy. As customers expand and move into newer areas of technology, they will look to IT services providers to deliver much more innovative, agile and speedier solutions so that they can serve both their internal stakeholders and their end customers.
Design thinking and innovation will bring in freshness and will help Infosys differentiate itself in the marketplace” said Arup Roy, Research Director, Gartner.
New strategy
For Infosys, there will be a new way of style too. Unlike the usual 60-minute call with financial analysts, this time around, on October 10 when the second quarter results will be announced, Sikka will spend an extra 30 minutes explaining Infosys’ new strategy. The IT major is also holding a one-and-a-half day meet in Orlando on November 4 for IT analysts.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Jennifer Lawrence  Chris Martin make  home  move as Gwyneth Paltrow effect fadesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The ubiquitous jalebiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ISRO successfully completes crucial engine test firingMoM: ISRO successfully completes crucial engine test firing
MoM: ISRO successfully completes crucial engine test firing
Scientists and engineers from the ISRO monitor India's MOM at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) which controls the orbiter in Bangalore.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: ISRO's Mars Orbiter or Mission (MoM) on Monday successfully completed the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft.
"Main Liquid Engine test firing on Mars orbiter spacecraft successful: We had perfect burn for 4 seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. Mars Orbiter Mission will now go ahead with the normal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion," said ISRO. "#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful!," tweeted ISRO.
This was one of the biggest tests of this complicated project. The test entailed switching on the engine that has been lying dormant for 10 months, and firing it for four seconds to slow down the spacecraft.
Now, the ISRO will fire the engine for a longer duration two days later and ease the spacecraft into an orbit around Mars. The 440N liquid engine was last fired on December 1 to slingshot the spacecraft from an Earth orbit to the Martian trajectory. The spacecraft authorization committee earlier this month decided to carry out the four-second test to ensure that the long duration of idling hasn't affected the engine that carries corrosive fuel.
#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful! pic.twitter.com/NDhL9vVWRs
— ISRO (@isro) September 22, 2014
India is set to make history, thanks to its maiden Mars Orbiter Mission! After being launched from ISRO's spaceport of Sriharikota on November 5 last year, the MOM had left Earth's orbit on December 1 and began its historic voyage to put India on the list of elite nations, which has sent a mission to Mars.
Cruising towards its historic rendezvous with the red planet, the MoM is scheduled for Orbit Insertion on September 24.
Earlier today, the MoM entered the Mars Gravitational Sphere of Influence. The Mars mission, as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
(With inputs from PTI)

Watch Deepika sizzle on screen in  LovelyLink
2 months ago, India Movies Editorial
Mohini is here to set your world on fire! Get ready to watch her sizzling and steamy moves like never before in "Lovely" video song.
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

Israel military shoots down Syrian aircraft; tension builds up in Golan heightsIsraeli soldier secure the area were a mortar fired from the Quneitra province after Syrian rebels clashed with President Bashar Assad’s forces hit in a community in the Israeli controlled Golan Heights, Wednesday, Aug. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:03 pm
The Israeli military shot down a Syrian fighter jet that infiltrated its airspace over the Golan Heights on Tuesday morning — the first such downing in decades, heightening tensions in the volatile plateau.
The military said a “Syrian aircraft infiltrated into Israeli air space” in the morning hours and that the military “intercepted the aircraft in mid-flight, using the Patriot air defense system.”
The military would not say what type of aircraft was downed and said the circumstances of the incident were “unclear.”
A defense official identified the downed aircraft as a Sukhoi Su-24 Russian fighter plane. Perviously, it was reported to have been a MiG aircraft. He said the Syrian jet penetrated 800 meters (2,600 feet) into Israeli air space and tried to return to Syria after the Patriot missile was fired.
The crew managed to abandon the plane in time and landed in Syrian territory, the Israeli official said.
It was the first such incident since the war with Lebanon in 1982, the official said. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media.
Israel has largely stayed on the sidelines of Syria’s civil war raging across the border. But Israeli leaders appear increasingly nervous about the possibility of al-Qaida-linked fighters occupying the Golan’s high ground over northern Israel.
Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said the aircraft had crossed into Israel in a “threatening way” and vowed to retaliate to any similar attempts in the future.
“We will not allow element, whether it is a terror group or a state, to threaten our security and breach our sovereignty,” he said. “We are committed first and foremost to ensure the security of the Israel’s citizens and we will use all means at our disposal to do so,” he said.
Israel has avoided taking sides in the three-year civil war in Syria, though Israeli troops have responded to occasional mortar fire that has landed on the Israeli side of the Golan. Israel says some of the attacks have been accidental spillover, while others have been intentionally aimed at Israeli civilians and soldiers. It has always held Syria responsible for any cross-border fire.
Israel and Syria are bitter enemies who have fought several wars.
Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed the strategic area in a move that has never been internationally recognized.
While relations are hostile, the ruling Assad family in Syria has kept the border area with Israel quiet for most of the past 40 years. Israel is concerned that continued…

Asian Games: Saurav Ghosal settles for silverGhosal shocked, settles for maiden Asiad squash silver
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014
Print
Incheon, Sep 23 (IANS) It was a case of so near yet so far for Saurav Ghosal as the top seed had to be content with silver medal in squash - India's maiden in the discipline - at the Asian Games here Tuesday.
He was shocked by world No.16 Abdullah Al Muzayen of Kuwait in the final of the men's singles event at the Yeorumul Squash Courts here.
Coming into the tie, the 28-year-old was the odds-on favourite to win the first gold for India in the racquet sport at the Asiad and that belief was only strengthened after he won the first two games.
But in one of the biggest shocks of the Incheon Games, Ghosal, ranked No.16 in the world, lost the next three games to hand the Kuwaiti a 10-12, 2-11, 14-12, 11-8, 11-9 win in an hour and 15 minutes.
Ghosal had done the hard bit of beating the two-time former Games champion and top-10 player Ong Beng Hee of Malaysia in straight sets to move into the final.
The Kuwaiti player was hardly given a chance against the marauding Indian. Ghosal duly obliged by taking the first game 12-10 in 21 minutes - the longest game of the match.
In the second game, Ghosal blitzed his opponent 11-2 in just six minutes and it seemed the Indian would canter to the gold medal.
But the second game thrashing seemed to awaken Al Muzayen from his slumber and the Kuwaiti hit back by edging Ghosal 14-12.
It still looked as if it was only a matter of time before the Indian would dispose off his opponent but the lower-ranked Kuwaiti only got stronger to tie the match 2-2 by winning the fourth game 11-8 in 12 minutes.
In the decider, Ghosal led 6-4 but Al Muzayen again refused to give up and came back brilliantly to take a 10-7 lead and finally wrapped the match 11-9 to take gold.
Recommend

Microsoft Xbox One set to launch in China on September 29Sep 23, 2014 at 05:36pm IST
Microsoft Xbox One set to launch in China on September 29
6
0
Beijing: Microsoft Corp has set September 29 as the new launch date for its Xbox One game console in China, the US software giant said on Tuesday, in the first launch since a 14-year ban on sales of foreign games consoles was lifted this year.
The world's biggest software company gave no reason for the delay in the launch which was originally scheduled for September 23.
The delay is the latest in a series of setbacks for Microsoft in China, where it is under investigation for suspected anti-trust violations related to the Windows operating system and Microsoft Office.
The world's biggest software company gave no reason for the delay in the launch which was originally scheduled for September 23.
#microsoft #xbox one #video game consoles
"We take great care to ensure that we meet or exceed regulatory standards," said Microsoft in an e-mail to Reuters in response to the delayed console launch.
The Xbox One console will cost 3,699 yuan ($602.76) without the Kinect motion detection system and 4,299 yuan ($700.53) with Kinect, Microsoft said.
China is the world's third-biggest gaming market where revenues grew by more than a third from 2012 to nearly $14 billion last year.
Console games must also get approval from Shanghai's local culture department, which will ensure they do not harm China's national unity, territorial integrity or reputation - or promote racial hatred, obscenity, gambling, violence or drugs. This could stop some of video games' biggest franchises, such as Grand Theft Auto and Call of Duty, from being published in China.
"After receiving government approval for the first wave of games, we've decided to launch with digital copies of the first 10 games now and will continue our work to bring more blockbuster games and a broad offering of entertainment and app experiences to the platform in the months to come," Enwei Xie, Microsoft's general manager for Xbox China, said in a press release.
In May, Sony Corp) said it would set up a joint venture with Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group to bring the PlayStation games console to China.
Microsoft makes the Xbox One console with Chinese internet TV set-top box maker BesTV New Media Co Ltd.
0

Only 3% of Indian companies really  ready for growthSep 23, 2014, 06.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Only 3% of Indian companies really 'ready for growth'
The study titled 'Why Indian companies need to get Fit for Growth and what you can do' by PwC Strategy & noted nearly 80 percent of surveyed organisations fall short of realizing their growth potential because of being strategically adrift, distracted or capability constrained.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Only 3% of Indian companies really 'ready for growth'
The study titled 'Why Indian companies need to get Fit for Growth and what you can do' by PwC Strategy & noted nearly 80 percent of surveyed organisations fall short of realizing their growth potential because of being strategically adrift, distracted or capability constrained.
Post your opinion here
 
India has fewer 'strategically adrift' companies than observed globally, but only 3 percent of Indian companies are really 'ready for growth', says a study.
The study titled 'Why Indian companies need to get Fit for Growth and what you can do' by PwC Strategy & noted nearly 80 percent of surveyed organisations fall short of realizing their growth potential because of being strategically adrift, distracted or capability constrained.
As per the study, only 3 percent of Indian companies are really "ready for growth" and others must look to overcome specific challenges to future-proof themselves.
The global story is not too different, with only 13 percent of over 200 surveyed organisations reporting high Fit for Growth scores.
A "strategically adrift" organisation for instance should look to re-craft its corporate strategy and align it with core capabilities, a "distracted" organisation must channelise its resources towards core activities, while a "capability constrained" organisation should review its operating model, the report said.
The report further noted that with the Indian economy beginning to bounce back, the time is now right for these organisations to get 'Fit for Growth' by investing in building scale and achieving the next level of growth.
"While organisations would rarely disagree that robust strategies, solid cost management and powerful organisations are critical to performance, few of them are masters in integrating all three elements which together form the foundation for a winning organisation," PwC Strategy & India Managing Director Jai Sinha said.
The Fit for Growth approach captures the essence of what constitutes a winning organisation strategic clarity, optimal resource allocation and a supportive organisation and evaluates how well a company fares across all three aspects.
RELATED NEWS

German manufacturing output slows in SeptemberSep 23, 2014, 01.07 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
German manufacturing output slows in September
German manufacturing output slows in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
German manufacturing output slows in September
German manufacturing output slows in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Germany's private sector output continued to expand in September, but growth in the manufacturing sector slowed to a 15 month low, according to data released on Tuesday.
Research group Markit reported that the preliminary German manufacturing purchasing managers' index declined to a 15 month low of 50.3 from 51.4 in August. Economists had expected the index to tick down to 51.2.
The country's services PMI improved to a two month high of 55.4 from 54.9 in August, and ahead of forecasts of 54.6.
The German composite output index, which measures the combined output of both the manufacturing and service sectors came in at a two month high of 54.0 this month, up from 53.7 in August.
'September's flash PMI results paint a mixed picture of the health of the German economy at the end of the third quarter', Oliver Kolodseike, economist at Markit said.
'Total private sector output continued to rise at an above average rate and employment growth picked up again, attributed in both cases to a strong service sector. However, new order growth slowed for a fourth month running and was the weakest in one year, suggesting that activity growth might slow in the near-term'.
Following the release of the data, the euro was slightly higher against the dollar, with EUR/USD at 1.2860 compared to 1.2856 ahead of the report.
Meanwhile, European stock markets were lower. The DJ Euro Stoxx 50 was down 0.55%, France's CAC 40 dropped 0.78%, London's FTSE 100 slumped 0.74%, while Germany's DAX was down 0.51%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Maharashtra polls: BJP silent on Sena proposal to make Uddhav Thackeray CM candidateMaharashtra polls: BJP silent on Sena proposal to make Uddhav Thackeray CM candidate
CNN-IBN | Sep 23, 2014 at 07:12pm
Sources have told CNN-IBN that the Shiv Sena has drawn up a fresh proposal - offering 130 seats to the BJP - agreeing to their demand. Sena has proposed 151 seats for itself and seven seats for other allies, 11 less than what they had offered earlier. One sticking point though is that the Sena wants the Chief Minister's post for Uddhav Thackeray if the alliance wins.

NPPA guideline withdrawal: Sending the right signals or course correctionThe timing of the decision has raised eyebrows
Mumbai, September 23:  
The drug price regulator’s move to withdraw internal guidelines that it had issued in May has industry-watchers a trifle puzzled.
Was it done to send “the right signals” on the eve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s trip to the US, or is it “course correction” and fresh guidelines are in the offing?
Well, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) is certainly not letting on the precise reason for withdrawal, except to say that it was being done “in compliance” with directions from the Government.
What is further intriguing is the timing of the decision to withdraw the earlier guideline that was issued clearly in “public interest”, as the NPPA indicates by underling its mention in the May directive.
The NPPA had reduced the prices on an additional set of 100-odd drugs, including diabetes and cardiac medicines, using these guidelines. And this had resulted in both local and multinational players in the industry approaching the Courts.
Industry’s plaint was that it was difficult to plan for the local market, if Government in a sense, kept changing the goal-post. The Government’s tool to control medicine prices – the revised Drug Price Control Order – had been brought in after discussions with all stake-holders, they point out.
And while there continues to be unhappiness in some quarters against the DPCO 2013, the fact is that it is the prevailing law and industry and civil society needed to adhere to it, an industry-watcher explained. By trying to smooth ruffled feathers, the Government may be trying to have a lesser number of contentious issues on its plate – as the PM heads to the US. India already has to deal with the US’ criticism of its laws to protect intellectual property (data generated during research, for example).
The NPPA’s latest move also opens up interpretations of “course correction” – so that future decisions on curbing medicine prices will be undertaken only after consultation with the parent Chemicals and Fertilizers Ministry.
An NPPA official indicated that its earlier decision to curb prices on additional 100 drugs is not revoked, despite today’s developments. However, what is still unclear is how NPPA’s decision to withdraw its earlier guideline will impact ongoing Court cases that industry had filed against the price reduction on diabetes and cardiac drugs.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Ex-NSA chief warns of jihadi wave in India34
0
London: A new version of jihad is attracting "small but steady stream" of Indians to join Islamic State movement in Syria, Former National Security Advisor (NSA) MK Narayanan warned on Tuesday.
"New version jihad is proving to be highly attractive for its strength is spiritual purity. More and more youngsters find this very attractive," the former director of Intelligence Bureau said at a lecture.
"As a result of online propaganda, I would say the jihadi wave is achieving new heights today. In India, what we are witnessing today is a small but steady stream of recruits from different states trying to join the ranks of ISIS in Syria," he added.
Narayanan also highlighted cyber terrorism as another major security imperative before India.
#mk narayanan #nsa #india #jihad
The security expert, who recently stepped down as West Bengal governor, was speaking on the 'Security Challenges and Strategic Imperatives for India' at the International Institute of Strategic Studies (IISS).
"I don't know if I am the right person to speak on India's security challenges because I don't think I was very successful in meeting them," Narayan began on a lighter note.
"We are meeting at a time of great turbulence in Asia and India being a part of Asia, it cannot be totally detached from several of the strands or strains that afflict Asia today.
Asia today faces a range of threats from violent acts by state non-state and sub-state actors to newer dangers stemming from fundamentalist, extremist and radical ideas and beliefs," he added.
Describing terrorism as a "defining threat", he pointed to "overt and covert militancy" as a result of infiltration from across the border making a steady stream of new recruits available.
"Newer players, newer methodology and newer targets reflect a change in terrorist imperatives," he warned. He said that there was a resurgence of religious extremism in the region as a whole which is a potential danger but is yet to develop into a threat.
"India does not face any existential threat from any external source but like many other countries in Asia, India too is embroiled in some border disputes such as India-China and the intense rivalry between India and Pakistan, especially over Jammu and Kashmir. But I would like to stress that neither of these disputes are likely to lead to open conflict," he said.
"For the present India's worry is to maintain peace and sustain democracy in a region affected by violent agitations and the spectre of religious orthodoxy, mainly Islamist."
Narayanan also highlighted cyber terrorism as another major security imperative before India.
20

Assam floods claim 16 lives; Army called in  choppers pressedSep 23, 2014 at 11:31pm IST
Assam floods claim 16 lives; Army called in, choppers pressed
14
0
Guwahati: The flood situation in Assam was grim in Assam on Tuesday with Air Force choppers pressed into service to evacuate the marooned as the death toll in the deluge mounted to 16.
Around 3.7 lakh people have been affected in the floods. Army, NDRF and SDRF teams also conducted rescue and relief operations in inundated areas.
According to the flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), eight people have lost their lives in Goalpara district since Monday.
Around 3.7 lakh people have been affected in the floods.
#assam #floods #army #assam floods
Kamrup Metro district, which primarily comprise Guwahati city, has witnessed five deaths in the same period. Of these, four deaths have been reported due to landslide and one on account of electrocution, it added.
Two persons died and one more is missing in Boko area of Kamrup Rural district. Also, a child was killed in landslide in Dhubri district's Hatsingimari area.
Authorities have opened 94 relief camps and shelter homes where nearly 85,000 people have been shifted with the Goalpara district becoming the worst-hit in the latest round of floods due to heavy rains in Assam and Meghalaya since Saturday.
The report said 3.7 lakh people are affected in 10 districts. Nearly 1.5 lakh people are hit in Kamrup Rural, while over 1.4 lakh persons are suffering in Goalpara.
Altogether, 12 districts are affected in the flood with 415 villages and nearly 9,000 hectares of crop area are under water, it added.
The affected districts are Goalpara, Kamrup Metro, Kamrup Rural, Dhemaji, Barpeta, Udalguri, Bongaigaon, Kokrajhar, Nalbari, Morigaon, Sonitpur, Darrang and Lakhimpur.
A number of embankments have been breached across the state. In Nalbari, four breaches have been reported in Mora Pagladia, while two cuts are seen in Nonoi river in Darrang.
7

Europe  Syria Drag on Global Stock MarketsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

DLF kickstarts reit process  to sell promote...DLF to acquire 40% stake of KP Singh and his family in rental business through share swap
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
annuity
(The share swap to the tune…)
NEW DELHI: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
The top real estate player's move to own 100% of its rental business is a precursor to the listing of DLF Assets as a real estate investment trust. The regulator recently approved rules for Reits. The share swap to the tune of about Rs 2,500 crore will however take the promoters' stake in DLF well above the 75% threshold mandated under public listing norms, rising from the current 74.92% by 7-8 percentage points.
Subsequent to this, DLF plans a sale of new shares in 12-18 months to bring that stake back down to 75%, the two people said, raising about Rs 3,000 crore in the process that will help the company reduce its debt burden of Rs 19,064 crore.
The company will approach the Securities and Exchange Board of India to seek exemption from the minimum 25% public shareholding norm for a period of 12-18 months to allow the integration of its rental business, the people said.
DLF appointed a four-member committee of independent directors under former Ernst and Young India chairman KN Memani last month to evaluate and recommend strategic options to drive sustainable and long-term growth and develop the rental business.
A company spokesperson said the Memani committee had begun preliminary deliberations. "We have no further comments to offer at this stage," the person said in an email. The panel was also mandated to suggest the optimum structure for the rental business to improve efficiency and control while reducing conflicts of interest.
"The committee of independent directors is going to appoint investment bankers as transaction advisors and independent valuers for the proposed share-swap deal by the end of this month," said one of the persons. Another person involved in the process said DLF is targeting to complete the integration of promoters' economic interest by March next year. Under the second part of the share-swap deal, the company will sell fresh shares sometime in 2015-16, the person added.
In December 2009, DLF integrated Caraf Builders & Constructions Pvt. Ltd (Caraf), an investment arm of the promoters that owned DLF Assets, with DLF Cyber City Developers Ltd (DCCDL), a wholly owned subsidiary of DLF. Consequently, DLF Assets became a subsidiary of DCCDL, with the real estate major holding a 60% economic interest and the remaining 40% being held by shareholders of Caraf, or the promoters.
KP Singh and his family hold 159,699,999 fully paid 9% compulsory convertible preference shares (CCPS) of Rs 100 each issued by DCCDL in 2009-10, aggregatingRs 1,597 crore in lieu of the entire equity capital of Caraf. Upon conversion into equity shares, this would constitute a 40% stake in DCCDL on a fully diluted basis.
"Under the agreement, it is required that right of conversion of CCPS should be exercised by the promoters by March 18, 2015. The Memani committee was appointed to facilitate the integration process and to ensure the valuation of the 40% economic interest in DCCDL will be done in a fair manner," said the first person cited above.
The second person pointed out that at the coupon rate of 9%, the cumulative value of the preference shares at the end of five years will be between Rs 2,400 crore and Rs 2,500 crore.
"Even on the basis of annuity income, the promoters' stake would be valued between Rs 2,500 crore andRs 3,000 crore," he said. According to this person, the rental business of DCCDL is expected to have an annuity income of aboutRs 2,100 core in the current fiscal.
"Even a discounting rate of 9% will give a valuation of about Rs 19,000 crore. After adjusting for a debt of about Rs 12,500-13,000 crore on the rental income, the equity value of the entire rental business will be between Rs 6,000 to Rs 7,000 crore." This will also value promoters' 40% economic interest at aboutRs 2,500-3,000 crore, he said. DLF is valued at about Rs 27,762 crore at the Tuesday closing price ofRs 155.80 per share on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Birla Group in talks to acquire Educomp schoolsYou are here: Home > Collections
Aditya Birla Group in talks to acquire Educomp schools
Sabarinath M & Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.03AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla
(The Aditya Birla Group…)
MUMBAI: The Aditya Birla Group has been in talks to acquire the schools business of Educomp Solutions, once the country's largest diversified education service provider, as the debt-laden company has been restructuring its business portfolio to deleverage its balance sheet.
GEMS Education — spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey — and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country than their public peers in one the world's largest school system, said sources following the development.
However discussions with these prospective buyers are preliminary in nature and there is still no certainty that they would culminate in a transaction. Educomp has roped in Macquarie Capital as its adviser for a transaction. An Educomp spokesperson denied that these discussions are still live.
"Educomp has, as part of restructuring, allocated for strategic investments in some of its businesses that increase shareholder value. Educomp's schools business is the leading business of its kind in the sector and generates interest in normal course among investors. However, there is no such proposal under active consideration at this time," the spokesperson told ET.
An Aditya Birla spokeswoman declined to comment. A Zee spokesperson said the group is currently not in talks with Educomp to acquire the schools business arm. Mails and calls to GEMS Education and parent Varkey Group did not get a response till the time of going to press. Educomp's subsidiary Educomp Infrastructure & School Management Ltd (EISML) runs a nationwide chain of 47 K-12 (kindergarten through 12th grade) schools under three brands.
The majority of the schools are company owned. Some also operate as franchisees and joint ventures. In this January, EISML received an approval from its lenders to recast its Rs 715.63 crore debt. As part of this, the company had agreed to sell some of its assets in a "time-bound manner". Sources said it is looking to raise around Rs 1,500 crore through this sale process and such rich valuations is unlikely to find any favour with the potential suitors.
Currently, the schools business has Rs 919 crore in net debt. As per the annual report figures, in fiscal 2014, it posted a turnover of Rs 84 crore and a loss of Rs 130 crore.
Even parent Educomp Solutions - which also underwent a separate debt recast --has been magnetising several of its noncore operations. For example in August this year, its arm sold a 55.4% stake in Gateforum Educational Services, a chain of institutes coaching candidates for the graduate aptitude test in engineering (GATE), to ASK Pravi Private Equity Opportunities Fund.
In 2013, it also cashed out its of its pre-schools chain Eurokids International and its vocational training JV with Pearson, IndiaCan. Investors were also brought into the group's e-tutoring and online education firm. Experts feel Educomp's scale of school operations would be a natural attraction for existing players like the $500 million revenue GEMS Education, the largest operator of private kindergarten-tograde-12 schools in the world with over 132 schools in 15 countries spread across the Middle East and extending into the US, China, the UK and India. Even players like Zee Learn have been rapidly expanding their K-12 and pre-school offerings within the country.
The Birlas' tryst with schools started when its patriarch GD Birla started the first school in Pilani in the 1930's. He, then, set up several schools in Rajasthan and Kolkata. Different sections of the Birla family set up schools in course of time, mainly to provide quality education to the kids of employees. The Aditya Birla Group, led by Kumar Mangalam Birla, now runs 42 schools in the vicinity of its plants across India.
As the economic growth in early 2000 spawned the need for quality education, Kumar Birla started Sarla Birla World Academy in Bangalore. The school, which is completing its 10 years of existence, provides world-class education. In 2009, the group created Aditya Birla World Academy. Though the garments to telecom group has institutionalised the management of these new schools, they still reside in the realm of corporate social responsibility transformed into business ventures.
"Schools will continue to be a major vehicle for the group to pursue its CSR activities. It remains to be seen when they will metamorphose into business propositions," said an education expert close to the $40 billion group. "By bringing more schools under its fold, it will build a far superior product and expand its network to different places. The strategy will be to make better schools, create profits and reinvest to boost quality education."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: India puts Mars Orbiter successfully into orbit of red planet  makes space historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

For Make in India  its Talk to AmericaFor Make in India, it's Talk to America during PM Narendra Modi's US visit
Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
 

LIVE: Indias Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit  Prime Minister says MOM never disappointsISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:12 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:49 am
India scripted history on Wednesday with the success of its Mars mission . As the Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to the Red Planet in the first attempt. Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.
Here are the highlights:
9:03 am: Howdy @ MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around, tweets ISRO’s new Mars Orbiter Twitter Handle @MarsOrbiter
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:44 am: 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:40 am: If our cricket team wins 1 tournament country celebrates. This mission is thousand times bigger achievement: PM Modi
8.37 am: NASA congratulates ISRO:
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG
8.32 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this day must be celebrated as ‘Anand Utsav’.
8.31 am: This has been achieved after years of hardwork and blessings/wishes of all Indians.
8.25 am: This too must become a base for challenging the next frontier, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.23 am: Our space programme has been an example of achievement, which inspires us to strive for excellence.
8.20 am: With your efforts and hard work, we have developed the habit of achieving the impossible, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells ISRO scientists.
8.18 am: With every success, comes a new challenge, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.14 am: These are accomplishments that will go down in the pages of history, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.13 am: We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, PM addresses ISRO scientists.
8.10 am: Mars has got a MOM today, always knew MOM will not let us down, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.03 am: ISRO becomes fourth space agency to complete Mars mission. First in Asia and first to do it in first attempt.
8.00 am: India’s Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit.
7.56 am: Scientists will wait for over a week before deploying science instruments on MOS. Camera will be used today for first pix.
7.55 am: Scientists glued to monitors eagerly awaiting data on whether MOS has gone into Mars orbit to plan of 423 km x 80,000 km.
7.50 am:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
7.49 am: The speed of the main engine is 1098.7 meters per second.
7.42 am:
Burn end? The firing must have been completed by now & MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication. pic.twitter.com/ztn42wHwfN
7.40 am: Mangalyaan entering into Mars orbit just a few hours after NASA’s Maven did.
7.31 am:

Live: Mangalyaan enters Mars orbit successfully  India first Asian country to do so in the first attempt7
2
India's Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan, has entered the Martian orbit. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present at the ISRO headquarters to witness the historic event, so was Union Minister Jitendra Singh.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars and carry out limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
9:03 am: Congress President Sonia Gandhi congratulates ISRO scientists for the successful insertion of Mangalayan into orbit of Mars.
8:54 am: ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweets: I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
8:45 am: PM Modi - This day must be celebrated as Anand Utsav. I congratulate you all on this achievement.
8:35 am: NASA congratulates ISRO: "We congratulate ISRO for its Mars arrival! MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet," NASA tweets.
8:29 am: PM - All of us must be very happy. What we have done today is 1000 times bigger than achievement of our Cricket team.
8:26 am: PM Modi - Scientists have made great personal sacrifices to achieve this.
8:25 am: PM Modi - India has invented 'Zero'. It is our greatest gift to the World.
8:24 am: PM Modi - We have a great leadership. Future looks bright for us.
8:21 am: PM Modi - ISRO has a tradition and culture of grooming junior scientists. You have honoured our forefathers. Inspired future generations.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO knows to how to make impossible thing possible.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO has made us proud, achieved something impossible.
8:19 am: PM Modi - Only if we take risk, we will succeed. We have taken that risk.
8:18 am: PM Modi - We have been successful today. I have full faith in our people. I respect our great scientists. Innovation involves risk.
8:17 am: PM Modi looks excited. Recites his Gujarati poem.
8:16 am: PM Modi - What we have done is great. We have spent less than what a Hollywood movie costs to complete the Mars Mission.
8:13 am: PM Modi - Within just three years, ISRO has completed this great job.
8:13 am: PM Modi - ISRO joins the elite group of just 4 nations in the World.
8:12 am: PM Modi - The odds were staked against us. Of the total 51 missions across the World, just 21 missions have been successful.
8:11 am: PM - We have done something incredible. It is remarkable.
8:11 am: PM - With scarce resources our great scientists have achieved it. I am really proud. We have gone beyond the boundaries.
8:09 am: PM Modi - History has been created today. We have achieved something near impossible.
8:09 am: PM Modi - India has successfully reached Mars.
8:08 am: PM Modi - MoM has met Mangal!
8:08 am: PM Modi - Today, Earth has met the Mars.
8:07 am: PM Modi is addressing the ISRO scientists.
8:06 am: Excited ISRO scientists are greeting each other. Truly a proud moment for India. Mission Director Keshavaraju is beaming.
8:04 am: Mars Mission successfully enters the Mars orbiter in its very first attempt.
8:02 am: Mars Mission successful. ISRO chairman confirms.
7:57 am: ISRO is known for its excellent project management capabilities.
7:53 am: The firing of engines must have been completed. Waiting for the message from the spacecraft to ISRO ground station.
7:51 am: If India succeeds in this, ISRO will send human beings to the outer space on its own.
7:47 am: India's Mars Mission is a giant leap for the space science. ISRO has achieved almost everything.
7:44 am: Four stations across the World are closely monitoring the progress of Mars Mission. Even NASA is watching it closely.
7:42 am: Most scientists at the ISRO have not slept for almost a week. They have been monitoring the progress non-stop, day and night.
7:41 am: ISRO expecting a confirmation by 8 o'clock. By 8-30 AM, ISRO can say whether the mission is successful.
7:37 am: All engines are going strong. Burning of fuel happenning.
7:36 am: Scientists at ISRO command centre look relaxed after Mars Mission sent confirmation that burning has started exactly at the same time.
7:31 am: Great moment. ISRO gets confirmation. Engines started burning as per the exact timeline. ISRO errupts in joy.
7:29 am: ISRO chairman Dr. K Radhakrishnan is personally leading the team of top space scientists. He is seated in the centre of the command panel.
7:28 am: Fingers crossed. The burning must have started. Tense faces at the ISRO waiting for the message from the spacecraft.
7:25 am: Mars Mission - To send and receive signals from Earth to Mars takes 12.5 minutes.
7:24 am: ISRO has an advantage. It is learning from the previous missions of USA, ESA and Russia.
7:23 am: India will be the first country to reach the Mars in its very first attempt. Even NASA failed to achieve that. Space is a risky business.
7:20 am: Mars Mission - All engines must have started burning, says ISRO. It has been flawless. ISRO says it is waiting for a final confirmation. Will burn out the fuel in 24 minutes and gets into Mars orbit.
7:14 am: PM Modi is being briefed by the ISRO scientists.
50

The Kaka of Karad  looking to send his CM packingPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Satare | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:00 am
At 76, Vilas Patil-Undalkar looked firmly settled as a Congressman until he decided to open a new battle front in Karad South in western Maharashtra. The seven-time MLA has made up his mind to dump the Congress, of which he has been part for more than five decades, and go into the election as an independent candidate.
He will take on Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, with whom he shares a rivalry that goes back three decades. The Undalkar camp, which fondly addresses the veteran as “Kaka”, has vowed to send Chavan packing to Delhi.
Supporters bought a nomination form on Monday and he will file his papers on September 27. “The moment he does that, Undalkar’s victory becomes a forgone conclusion,” says Hanumant M, who has worked with Undalkar for two decades.
Supporters say “Kaka” has vowed to defeat the chief minister, though he does not say so in public. “Kaka’s son Uday was implicated in a murder case [the victim was Sanjay Patil, a wrestler] by Chavan’s government. Uday has been in jail for two years. This has hurt Kaka, and the world will see the fate of the chief minister,” says Hanumant.
When Chavan became chief minister and was looking for a seat to enter the assembly, Undalkar was apparently pressured to resign from Karad South and refused. Such efforts then and now have been made through other Congress leaders, with Chavan staying out of it, say Undalkar’s supporters. “I have not spoken to him for a long, long time… we are not on talking terms,” Undalkar told The Indian Express.
The relationship had soured apparently in 1983 over the election to the Satara District Central Cooperative Bank, won by Undalkar’s group. Since then, he has been associated with the bank in various capacities. What sets Undalkar apart from others, say his supporters, is his accessibility — though he does not use a cellphone. “He steps out at 8 am and returns only in the night. He is always among the voters, so where is the need for a cellphone?” says his daughter-in-law Suchitra, 38. Undalkar has two grandchildren.
“Patience is his greatest virtue,” says Ashok Thorat, a sugarcane farmer who has followed Undalkar’s career for 35 years. “All efforts were made to provoke Kaka by implicating his son, but he has kept his cool.”
Until Saturday, Undalkar was stressing he was a dedicated Congressman who would not leave. He was, nevertheless, moving from village to village to assess the “mind of the voter” and collect donations for his campaign. “You should see it to believe it,” says Thorat. “Wherever Kaka has gone in the past few days, people have flocked to him. And whenever Kaka asked whether he should contest once again, there has been an instant chorus of yes.”
Undalkar, a law graduate, has served twice as a minister, from 1992 in the Sudhakarrao Naik government and from 1999 under Vilasrao Deshmukh. Says Thorat, “He comes across as a politician with immense knowledge, qualities that appeal to the rural folk in Satara who generally continued…

India creates history as Mangalyaan successfully enters Mars orbitIndia has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also cheapest such mission till now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
At 7.17 AM, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic moment from ISRO's centre. "MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said annnouncing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of Indian Space Research Organisation.
After successful launch PM Modi said, "India has become the first country to enter Mars orbit on a maiden mission." "History has been created today with India reaching Mars. ISRO has joined an elite group of countries to reach Mars," he said. "It was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot."
"Our budget is even lesser than a Hollywood blockbuster. These will go down as landmarks in history," Modi added.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
With MOM successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter.
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
2014
Mars Orbiter Insertion was carried out automatically by commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft had entered the Martian neighbourhood on Monday. At the time of MOM's orbital insertion, its signals took about 12 minutes and 28 seconds to travel to Earth for reception by NASA's Deep Space Network Stations in Canberra and Goldstone that relayed the data in real time to ISRO's station here.
The first sign of success in the final moments came when ISRO announced that burn of engines on India's Mars orbiter had been confirmed. "All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed," said ISRO signalling that history was in the making.
Page 1 of 2

Starbucks to debut in towns and suburbsYou are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks to debut in towns and suburbs; to half the size of the new stores
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.48AM IST
Tags:
cafes
(Starbucks' new stores will…)
MUMBAI: Starbucks' new stores in India will be less than half the average size of its existing cafes as the world's largest coffee chain plans to expand into Indian towns and city suburbs while maintaining its profitability.
Tata Starbucks, a 50-50 joint venture between US cafe chain Starbucks Coffee Company and Tata Global Beverages, will open outlets of 1,000-1,200 sq ft compared to its existing cafes that measures over 2,500 sq ft on an average, said an official who requested not to be named.
"Footfalls in smaller towns and suburbs may not be as high as prime locations and we have to maintain profitability too by keeping rentals in check," the person said.
While the company didn't comment on expansion details, a Tata Starbucks spokesperson said it has followed a thoughtful and disciplined approach to grow in the market. "Establishing a successful business takes time, and the parent companies are delighted with how the brand has been received in this market," the spokesperson added.
The first store Starbucks opened in India was its 3,500 sq ft flagship in Mumbai in October 2012, and since then it has opened more than 50 cafes at The first store Starbucks opened in India was its 3,500 sq ft flagship in Mumbai in October 2012, and since then it has opened more than 50 cafes at an average speed of one outlet every two weeks, making India Starbucks' fastest growing market in terms of expansion.
According to sources, Starbucks plans to close this financial year with 90 doors. Ruchi Sally, director at boutique retail consultancy Elargir Solutions, said it makes sense for Starbucks to reduce its store size as it expands to less upmarket locations. "The locations where Starbucks is planning to open cafes won't attract very high income group consumers compared to marquee areas where initial stores were set up," she said. "So an aggressive expansion without impacting bottomline should be through tailoring their store size according to income demographic which they are doing now."
Starbucks has made an impressive start in India, racing ahead of existing coffee retailers in per-store sales in its first financial year ended March 2013. And last month, it proposed to increase its authorised capital by Rs 130 crore that will include issuing shares worth Rs 80 crore to its existing shareholders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: India makes history  Mars orbiter enters planet s orbitIndia makes history, Mars orbiter enters red planet's orbit
India has triumphed in its first interplanetary attempt by successfully putting a satellite into orbit around Mars.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
India's low-cost mission to Mars successfully entered the red planet's orbit on Wednesday, crowning India as the first country to complete the trip at its maiden attempt.
The success of the Mars Orbiter Mission, lauded for its low price tag of Rs 450 crore, will boost India's five-decade-old space programme that newly-elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi aims to expand with better infrastructure and technology.
With a spacecraft around Mars, India joins a small group of nations that have successfully sent probes to orbit or land on Mars. Others, however, failed several times initially.
After rotating the Orbiter towards Mars, the main engine was fired 24 minutes from Mars to enter the Martian orbit, which will be about 500 km from its surface and 215 million km away from the Earth in radio distance.
The spacecraft will consume about 250 kg of liquid fuel with oxidiser.
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with five solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars in large quantities.
Scientists broke into wild cheers Wednesday morning as the orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time and maneuvered into its designated place around the red planet.
Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
On Sunday, NASA achieved its own success in placing its Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, in position. The U.S. has two more satellites circling the planet at the moment, as well as two rovers rolling across the rocky Martian surface. The European Space Agency's Mars Express, launched over a decade ago, is still operating as well.
The success of India's Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, brings India into an elite club of Martian explorers that includes United States, the European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half the world's previous attempts — 23 out of 41 missions — have failed, including one by Japan in 1999.
The Indian Space and Research Organisation described the mission as flawless.
Modi hails India's Mars mission as historic
The success of India's successful mission to Mars "will go down as landmark in history", said Prime Minister Narendra Modi after Mars Orbiter Mission entered the orbit of the red planet.
"These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history," said a visibly happy Modi.
The prime minister said that the MOM was built "indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot".
He said: "India is the only country, to have succeeded in its very first attempt."
"With today's spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group, of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached red planet," he added amidst applause.
Modi, wearing a red coloured jacket, said that the "odds, were stacked against us".
"Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed," he said.
The prime minister said: "Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise and imagination."
All you needed to know about India's low-cost mission to Mars
1
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase.
2
The orbit insertion will take place when the spacecraft will be 423 km from the Martian surface and 215 million km away (radio distance) from the earth.
3
Just 21 out of the 51 missions launched to Mars by different countries have been successful and that too by only three space agencies — NASA, European Space Agency and the Russian Federal Space Agency. The launch gives India an entry into an exclusive club of nations with interplanetary travel capabilities.
4
The Rs 450-crore Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. The project, built over a remarkably short period of two years, is primarily a technological mission considering the critical operations and stringent requirements on propulsion and other systems of the spacecraft.
5
Launched last November, the Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, aims to study the planet's surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
6
If the spacecraft does manage to enter orbit around Mars on September 24, India would become the first country to succeed on its first try. European, U.S. and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts.
7
The Rs 450-crore ($70 million) ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission was launched Nov 5, 2013, on board a polar rocket from spaceport Sriharikota off Bay of Bengal, about 80 km northeast of Chennai.
8
The pay loads include Lyman Lpha Photometer to measure the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen from Lyman- alpha emission; Methane Sensor for Mars to measure methane in the Martian atmosphere, and thus determine past existence of life; Mars Colour Camera to capture images and information about the surface of Mars and its composition; Mars Exopheric Neutral Composition Analyser, which is a spectrometer; and Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer to map surface composition and mineralogy of Mars.
9
The Mangalyaan has been configured to carry out observations of the physical features of the Mars and also to carry out a limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
10
The criticism of the Mars mission being ‘a waste of money’ appears to be misplaced too. If one monetises the worth of national services that ISRO satellites are providing — communications, broadcasting, broadband, weather forecasting, disaster warning, ocean monitoring, education, navigation — it would be several times the budget of the space agency. ISRO’s annual budget is about one billion dollars, compared to $ 17.7 billion for NASA, $7.9 billion for Russian agency, $5.6 billion for the European Space Agency and $ 2.5 billion for China. Unlike the Chinese programme which is completely focused on national pride and superpower dreams, India’s space programme is linked to broader national theme of national development.
Recommend

Philips to split health-lifestyle from lighting businessPhilips to split health-lifestyle from lighting business
PM Modi goes gift hunting for ObamaPM Modi goes gift hunting for Obama
For Make in India  it s Talk to AmericaFor Make in India  it s Talk to America
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks hit by Syria air strikes  lower yields check dollarGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks hit by Syria air strikes  lower yields check dollar
India triumphs in maiden Mars missionIndia triumphs in maiden Mars mission
Infosys  New CEO Allows Staff to Use Twitter  FacebookInfosys  New CEO Allows Staff to Use Twitter  Facebook
New York City gears up for Narendra Modi s visitNew York City gears up for Narendra Modi s visit
Bull s Eye: Short NHPC  Bank of India  UPL; buy Maruti  HCCSep 24, 2014, 08.40 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Short NHPC, Bank of India, UPL; buy Maruti, HCC
Vishal Malkan, malkansview.com advises shorting Century Textiles for a target price of Rs 535 and UPL for a target price of Rs 335.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Short NHPC, Bank of India, UPL; buy Maruti, HCC
Vishal Malkan, malkansview.com advises shorting Century Textiles for a target price of Rs 535 and UPL for a target price of Rs 335.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Kunal Saraogi, Ashish Kapur and Vishal Malkan are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush
Short  Rural Electrification Corporation for a target price of Rs 240 and keep a stoploss at Rs 258
Short  NHPC for a target price of Rs 19.50 and keep a stoploss at Rs 20.50
Short  IDBI Bank for a target price of Rs 69.50 and keep a stoploss at Rs 73
Buy  TVS Motor Company for a target price of Rs 235 and keep a stoploss at Rs 210
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Ashish Kapur, Invest Shoppe
Buy  Rico Auto for a target price of Rs 36 and keep a stoploss at Rs 33.80
Buy  NBCC for a target price of Rs 780 and keep a stoploss at Rs 725
Buy  Maruti Suzuki for a target price of Rs 3,150 and keep a stoploss at Rs 3,030
Buy  HCC for a target price of Rs 38.50 and keep a stoploss at Rs 36
Disclosure: He holds Rico Auto and HCC. Stocks discussed may have been recommended.
Vishal Malkan, malkansview.com
Short  Century Textiles for a target price of Rs 535 and keep a stoploss at Rs 560
Short  UPL for a target price of Rs 335 and keep a stoploss at Rs 356
Short  Bank of India for a target price of Rs 265 and keep a stoploss at Rs 281
Short  Canara Bank for a target price of Rs 360 and keep a stoploss at Rs 380
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

Maruti s hold on best selling car models continuesMaruti's hold on best selling car models on Indian roads continues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 18:40 IST
Maruti's hold on best selling car models continues (Photo: Reuters)
Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India continues its dominance on the Indian roads, with its four models, led by entry-level small car Alto, heading the top ten best sellers list in April-August period this fiscal.
According to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ( SIAM ) data, the company's Dzire, Swift and WagonR were the second, third and fourth biggest selling models during the period.
Rival Hyundai's Grand i10 makes it to the fifth position during the April-August period, replacing hatchback Eon which moves on the seventh position.
The company's compact sedan Xcent takes sixth position replacing hatchback i10 from the top 10 list. Honda Cars India's sedan City stands at the eighth position. It replaces compact sedan Amaze, which now moves to 10th position.
Maruti's Celerio occupies the ninth position during the April-august period of the current fiscal, followed by Honda Amaze at the 10th spot.
Maruti Suzuki India's (MSI) Alto sold 1,03,123 units in the April-August period this fiscal as compared to 91,665 units sold in the same period of previous fiscal.
It is followed by compact sedan Dzire, with 82,912 units sold during the period. The company had sold 75,112 units of the sedan in the same period of previous fiscal.
Similarly, compact hatchback Swift continues to hold on to the third position during the April-August period this fiscal with 80,861 units sold during the period. Swift sales stood at 72,733 units in same period of previous fiscal.
Wagon R, with 63,051 units sold during the period, comes at the fourth position in passenger car segment. MSI had sold 61,298 units of the hatchback in the same period of 2013-14.
Hyundai's Grand i10 comes in at fifth position, with 40,530 units sold during the period. It has sold 1,847 units in same period of previous fiscal.
The South Korean car-maker's compact sedan Xcent sold 33,685 units during the period to take sixth position while the company's entry level car Eon comes at seventh position with 32,171 units sold during the period as against 39,463 units in the April-August period of 2013-14.
Honda's mid-sized sedan City sold 30,447 units during the April-August period to become the eight largest selling model in India. It had sold 9,855 units in the year-ago period.
MSI's Celerio, which was launched earlier this year at the Auto Expo, with 29,591 units sold during the period stood at ninth position.
Honda's compact sedan Amaze sold 28,887 units in the April-August period to take the 10th spot. It had sold 28,610 units in April-August period of 2013-14.

Bibek Debroy to head panel on restructuring Railway BoardBibek Debroy to head panel on restructuring Railway Board
Mamuni Das
Bibek Debroy, economist with the Centre for Policy Research, will head a committee set up to recommend strategies on restructuring the Railway Board.
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
A committee set up to recommend strategies on restructuring the Railway Board will have to submit the report in a year.
The committee will be headed by Bibek Debroy, economist with the Centre for Policy Research. Other members on the panel are Gurcharan Das, Ravi Narain (former CEO of National Stock Exchange), KM Chandrashekhar (former Cabinet Secretary), Partha Mukhopadhyay (Centre for Policy Research) and Rajendra Kashyap, former Finance Commissioner of Railways.
Kashyap is the only committee member from the Railway services cadre.
Additionally, the committee will also have a member who will be nominated by the Department of Economic Affairs.
The committee basically has to suggest ways to restructure the board to ensure faster decision-making. It also has to suggest ways to ensure objectivity in decision-making. Additionally, it has to recommend ways to raise finances.
On the human resources front, the committee has to suggest ways to ensure migration of officials between railways and other departments.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

New ISI chief has an eye on IndiaNew ISI chief has an eye on India
Mail Today –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014
Print
Lieutenant General Rizwan Akhtar, the next chief of the Inter- Services Intelligence (ISI), will play a key role in shaping policies for a spy agency that is traditionally perceived as anti- India, but there was a time six years ago when he was of the opinion that Pakistan “must aggressively pursue rapprochement” with India.
Akhtar, considered a close ally of Pakistan Army chief General Raheel Sharif, was on Monday appointed to the crucial post, though he will take over in October after the retirement of incumbent ISI chief Lt Gen. Zahir- ul- Islam. He has considerable experience in countering insurgency and the Taliban from a posting in the troubled South Waziristan region bordering Afghanistan.
While he was at the US Army War College in Pennsylvania as a brigadier in 2008, Akhtar authored a strategy research project report titled ‘US- Pakistan trust deficit and the war on terror’, in which he advocated the need to improve relations between New Delhi and Islamabad.
‘Rapprochement’
“Pakistan needs to enhance its credibility by publicly identifying some of its critical strategic challenges. It must reform its governance, improve the economy, confront and eliminate Islamic extremism, and create a more tolerant society. Most important, it must aggressively pursue rapprochement with India,” he wrote in the 30- page report posted on the US Army War College’s website.
Akhtar, who played a key role in counterterror operations while heading the paramilitary Pakistan Rangers in the troubled southern port city of Karachi and other parts of Sindh province, further   contended that the US could play a greater role in resolving the dragging Kashmir dispute. Such step could even improve ties between Pakistan and the US, he argued.
“...The threat posed by India has served as a primary enabler for US- Pakistani relations as US involvement and support can help mediate and ensure an equitable settlement of the Kashmir issue as well as help represent Pakistani interests within the United Nations,” he wrote.
“More deliberate and energetic efforts by the US with both India and Pakistan to resolve the Kashmir issue and lay the groundwork for Indian- Pakistani rapprochement would dramatically improve the US- Pakistani relationship,” he added.
Akhtar posited that the resolution of the Kashmir issue and “securing a lasting peace with India is vital to the stability of Pakistan and the region”. He argued this could free up “significant Pakistani military forces for potential employment in other troubled areas for operations against the Taliban/ Al Qaeda”. The report, written months before the 2008 Mumbai attacks that Indian security officials have said was planned by the ISI, further said several recent confidence building measures had eased India- Pakistan tensions to a “ level that makes another war unlikely”. “ The US’s proactive mediation has helped diffuse (sic) the Kargil incident and the subsequent 2001/ 2002 mobilization of both countries that resulted in forces juxtaposed across the border on the verge of war. Pakistan, however, is concerned about the recent US- Indian nuclear agreement, and also aspires for one itself,” he wrote. Akhtar also argued that “ US- Indian activities have a profound affect (sic) on the Pakistani populace and Pakistan’s perceived security” which can disrupt or derail US- Pakistani relationship”.
Caution
The appointment of Akhtar and the promotion of several generals on Monday bears the stamp of Army chief Gen. Sharif, who would probably have reassured Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif that the new ISI chief would not meddle in domestic politics, said Rana Banerji, a former Special Secretary of R&amp; AW and a leading Pakistan analyst.
But as far as India is concerned, we needn’t be complacent.
The ISI has kept the Lashkar- e- Taiba on a leash while continuing its other operations, like creating sleeper cells of the Indian Mujahideen and low- level infiltration in Kashmir,” Banerji told MAIL TODAY . The Pakistan Army has been pre- occupied with the Western frontier but once that is sorted out, they could ratchet up things with India if they feel the need.
The ISI’s institutional mechanisms remain in place and the giving up of the card of non- state actors hasn’t happened,” he said.
Recommend

US corporate bond traders go electronicUS corporate bond traders go electronic
By Tracy Alloway and Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c39439c-425e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba IPO pushes Jack Ma to rank 1 on Hurun Chinese Rich ListAlibaba IPO pushes Jack Ma to rank 1 on Hurun Chinese Rich List
VINSON KURIAN
Reuters Alibaba founder Jack Ma
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 22:  
Jack Ma of Alibaba, with a fortune of $25 billion, has been crowned the richest in the Hurun China Rich List for 2014 released today.
He relegated Wang Jianlin of Wandain ($24.2 billion) to the second place.
Despite the scale of Alibaba’s IPO, only Jack Ma and one other shareholder make the list, Xie Shihuang.
Alibaba Holdings
A 38 per cent rise in Alibaba’s stock on the first day of trading rocketed Jack Ma into the number one, up five times on last year.
Ma’s fortune is mainly made up of his six per cent holding in Alibaba and 46 per cent share in Alipay.
“Having achieved the world’s largest IPO raising $25bn, more is expected of Alibaba on the international stage,” says Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report Chairman and Chief Researcher.
There are 354 dollar billionaires in China as per the Hurun China Rich list 2014.. Ten years ago there were only three.
‘Renewable Energy King’ Li Hejun, of Hanergy makes the top three for the first time, with $20.8 billion.
Three of the top six speak fluent English: Jack Ma, Li Hejun and Robin Li, demonstrating the globalisation of the Chinese private sector.
Biggest Gainer – IT
IT has seen the biggest boom. Five of the top 10 are in IT. It has been a good year for entertainment, investments, cars, renewable energy, pharmaceuticals, manufacturing.
But it has been a bad year for steel and shipping. Manufacturing and real estate are the primary source of wealth for almost half the list.
Seven of the top 10 on the Hurun Rich List are amongst the most popular social media bloggers, showing the huge impact these individuals are having in China.
Real estate tycoon Pan Shiyi is the newly-crowned ‘social media king’ with 27 million followers, followed by actor and investor Jet Li.
At least 12 per cent are self-made women, led by Chen Lihua, 73, the most successful businesswoman in the world.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

New bracelet boosts computer securityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alleged Insider Traders Made Bad Spiesreddit
John Le Carré is unimpressed. If you're going to use spycraft to conduct insider trading, at least use it properly.
Last week, a Brooklyn man named Frank Tamayo, 41, pleaded guilty to Securities and Exchange Commission charges that he had been the middleman in an insider-trading scheme that the SEC had first alleged back in March.
According to the SEC, Tamayo helped two other men - Steven Metro, then a clerk at the Simpson Thacher law firm, and stockbroker Vladimir Eydelman, formerly of Oppenheimer and Morgan Stanley - pull off a plot that seemed clever, but also hilarious.
Metro regularly passed trading tips gleaned from his law firm's files on to Eydelman, according to the SEC, but the two men never met. Instead, according to prosecutors, Metro would meet Tamayo for coffee and show him the ticker symbol of a stock he wanted Eydelman to buy. Tamayo would then allegedly meet Eydelman at the clock in Grand Central Terminal and show him a post-it note or a napkin with the ticker symbol on it and walk away. After that, the SEC says , Tamayo “chewed up and sometimes even ate the post-it note or napkin to destroy evidence.”
The first problem with this scheme was that Metro and Eydelman allegedly chose to trade in securities that the SEC monitors really closely for weird trading patterns using fancy algorithms. As Matt Levine said when the indictment was first announced in March, if you’re going to insider-trade, “don't buy short-dated out-of-the-money call options in companies that are about to be acquired.”
The even more basic problem for these enterprising, espionage-inspired alleged insider traders was that, while their scheme was, in the SEC’s words , “deliberately constructed to avoid detection,” it was fairly easily detectable.
“Tamayo,” the SEC’s Robert Cohen said , “was the firewall between Metro and Eydelman.”
Except that, if so, he was a pretty terrible firewall: After he met with Tamayo but before he placed his trades, prosecutors say Eydelman would email Tamayo seemingly legitimate justification for the trade about which they had just met. (Along the lines of: "I was looking at some numbers this morning, and I think this company is undervalued, so I am buying some stock.”)
Why, after going through the whole ‘meet at the clock in Grand Central and eat the Post-It note’ routine, would you email the guy you just met in a train station about the exact topic you wanted to keep secret? If two people are separated by a middleman, concealing the identity of the middleman is pretty crucial to keeping those two people separated.
Sending an email to your great-aunt achieves the same thing (a possibly legitimate reason for buying a stock you are allegedly buying for illegitimate reasons) without achieving what you don’t want it to (tipping off investigators to the identity of the middleman).
This is a good reminder that the firewall you create to protect yourself from insider trading charges should not include regular emails to one of your alleged conspirators. Once the SEC notices the unusual trades you're allegedly placing, and that you are emailing your middleman about those trades, it's pretty much game over in terms of keeping your alleged connection obscured.
Metro and Eydelman have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial. Their lawyers could not immediately be reached for comment.
More:

Penny drops on price riggingPenny drops on price rigging
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has raised its guard against price manipulation in the shares of small companies. Sources said the market regulator had increased surveillance and alert-generation, keeping a close watch on any fraudulent practice in the stock market. This comes at a time when benchmark indices are trading near all-time highs. Several small companies, with limited track records, have seen their share prices increase manifold, often belying fundamentals. Also, heightened activity is being seen in several so-called ‘penny stocks’.
Sebi plans to ask stock exchanges to create a new trading category for shares of companies prone to market manipulation, according to people in the know. The margin requirements for dealing in such stocks are likely to be higher and these could be traded in narrow price bands. “A framework is being prepared to create a separate group for trading of penny stocks and stocks that are susceptible to high levels of manipulation. Our surveillance system is keeping a close watch on these stocks,” said a senior Sebi official.
MANIPULATION UNDER GLARE
The regulator has enhanced surveillance and alert generation on penny stocks
Heightened activity is being witnessed in several so-called ‘penny stocks’
Sebi has asked exchanges to create new trading category to house shares of such companies
Brokers have started warning investors who wish to deal in penny stocks
Last month, the regulator had consulted market players and exchanges to come up with a mechanism to deal with penny stocks and shares of companies with small market capitalisation. The stock exchanges had suggested for trade in such stocks, the margin requirement could be doubled. Creation of a new trading group (to be called ‘T+’) with higher checks and balances, was also discussed.
Currently, exchanges have a ‘T’ group of shares, for which intra-day trading isn’t allowed. Shares are moved to this category to curb speculative trading and safeguard investors.
Last year, after carrying out surveillance on speculative stocks across sectors, Sebi found penny stocks were being used to manipulate the market. It had acted against several operators active in these counters.
In recent times, Sebi has noticed increase in speculative activity, through e-mails, SMSes and several group messaging applications such as WhatsApp. Often, operators take large positions in several penny stocks and later, promote these stocks by citing positive news announcements related to these. After the stock reaches a certain level, operators start booking profits, trapping small investors.
Brokers said they had started cautioning investors seeking to deal in penny stocks that had already jumped manifold in recent months. “A lot of investors are drawn to such stocks, hoping to make quick returns. However, once the stock hits a downward trajectory, it is very difficult to exit investments,” said a broker.
Last year, Sebi had unearthed a large-scale SMS scam, wherein fraudsters were luring gullible investors with promise of daily returns of up to Rs 75,000, through SMSes.
The regulator had used its search and seizure powers for investigation. It had barred two individuals and four other entities from dealings in the securities market.

Stocks weak as risk appetite crumblesStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stock Market Crash Wipes Out Rs 1.65 Lakh Crore From Investor WealthYou are here: Home Market
Stock Market Crash Wipes Out Rs 1.65 Lakh Crore From Investor Wealth
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 23:39 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Mumbai: Investors' wealth on Tuesday fell sharply by Rs 1.65 lakh crore in tandem with an overall weak stock market where the benchmark Sensex lost a whopping 431.05 points.
With the Sensex witnessing its worst fall in two-and-a-half months, total market capitalisation of BSE-listed firms declined by Rs 1.65 lakh crore to Rs 94.43 lakh crore.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,775.69, a steep fall of 431.05 points or 1.58 per cent.
Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 26 ended the day in red led by Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco and Tata Steel.
The four gainers were NTPC, HUL, Maruti and ITC.
All of the BSE 12 sectoral indices settled with losses, with realty index witnessing the maximum fall of 4.91 per cent.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, vice president-private client group research at Kotak Securities.
Marketmen said that caution also prevails ahead of the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday which generally leads to high volatility in stock markets.
At the BSE, 2,182 stocks declined, while 847 advanced.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

Mallya s stay on MCF board subject to legal proceedings'Mallya's stay on MCF board subject to legal proceedings'
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The chorus grew for a revised open offer by the rival bidders for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCF) as the scrip hit a 52-week high on Tuesday.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has told Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals that continuation of Vijay Mallya on the board of MCF would be subject to the legal proceedings initiated against him. Likewise for fellow director S R Gupte, also tagged as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India (UBI).
There has been a joint open offer from Zuari chief Saroj Poddar and Mallya to acquire additional stake in MCF; it is slated to start from October 1 and go on till October 17.
The MCF scrip finally settled at Rs 76.5 on Tuesday, marginally down 0.3 per cent, on the BSE. The proposed open offers so far, by Zuari and by Deepak Fertilisers, are priced at Rs 68.55 and Rs 63 a share, respectively. The final date for an upward revision of the open offer is this Thursday.
“Both the open offer prices are very low compared to current market prices. Not many would be interested to tender their shares in such a case,” said a sector analyst who tracks MCF.
On September 19, Business Standard had reported that Nagreeka Foils, minority shareholders in MCF, had written to Sebi for removal of Mallya from the MCF board and cancellation of contractual agreements between  Poddar and Mallya to acquire another 26 per cent stake in the company. UBI declared grounded Mallya, head of grounded Kingfisher Airlines, and three other directors — Subhash R Gupte,
Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — as wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues worth about Rs 400 crore to the airline.
Jitendra Nath Gupta of SES, a proxy advisory firm, said  under the current guidelines of Sebi, Mallya could only be barred/removed from the MCF board and proposed open offer if convicted by a court.  According to an agreement signed between Mallya’s UB Group and Poddar’s Adventz Group on May 12, Mallya will remain the chairman of MCF for the next five years if they jointly gain a controlling stake in the company. Also, Mallya will be able to appoint three directors on the board and will have the right of first refusal over Poddar’s shares in MCF.
Mallya, through UB Group, holds 21.98% stake in MCF. He has joined hands with Poddar, who is competing with Deepak Fertilisers for a controlling stake in MCF for over a year. As of the June quarter, Deepak owned a 25.3% stake in MCF and had made an open offer, at Rs 63 a share, for an additional 26% stake.
To counter this, Poddar and Mallya had jointly made an open offer for a similar stake at Rs 68.55 a share. Sebi had approved both these open offer proposals last month. Poddar, through Zuari, holds a 16.43% stake in MCF. Competition Commission of India has also approved both the open offers.

Looking for movie examples to illustrate a self-defense postBy Eugene Volokh September 23 Follow @volokhc
I have a post on self-defense law — specifically, interesting Texas twists on that law — all teed up, but I’d love to have some examples from movies (preferably recent ones, famous ones, or both) that can help make concrete the key hypotheticals. Here they are:
1. Good Guy (or someone Good Guy loves) has been wronged by Bad Guy. Good Guy goes to confront Bad Guy and persuade Bad Guy to turn himself in/undo the damage/etc. Good Guy expects (not hopes) that Bad Guy might react violently, so Good Guy comes armed. Bad Guy attacks Good Guy, Good Guy shoots Bad Guy in self-defense. Justice is done.
2. Bad Guy wants to kill Other Guy (maybe a good guy, maybe another bad guy). Bad Guy goes to confront Other Guy about some supposed misdeed of Other Guy’s. Actually, though, Bad Guy is just hoping that Other Guy will react violently, so that Bad Guy (who is of course armed) would have an excuse to kill Other Guy. Other Guy attacks Bad Guy, Bad Guy shoots Other Guy in self-defense. Bad Guy gets away with, or at least tries to get away with, what is essentially a deliberate killing.
Ring any bells? Somehow I feel there must be such examples, including ones I’ve seen myself, but none come to mind. If they come to your mind, I’d love to hear them.
UPDATE: I’d like to avoid law enforcement examples, if possible; while such examples could still sometimes involve murder charges for the police officer, they bring up extra complexity that I’d like to avoid in what is already a compelx post. (For instance, it is generally the duty of the police to confront bad guys who they think wronged someone — whether to tempt them into making an incriminating statement, to question them more broadly, to arrest them, to warn them that they’re being watched and had best avoid misconduct in the future, etc. — and to do so while armed. And with some operations, the police officers are indeed provoking people into attacking what seems like a tempting target, though the goal would presumably be to arrest the attacker and not to kill him.)
FURTHER UPDATE: Thanks very much for all the suggestions! I didn’t see any that worked quite right from movies that I had seen (and remembered), so I think I shouldn’t use them in Wednesday morning’s post, but I’ll try to find the relevant scenes from the suggested movies soon, to use when I write further about this.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

More than 700 infants at risk of tuberculosis infection in TexasBy Abby Ohlheiser September 23 Follow @abbyohlheiser
An employee working at Providence Memorial Hospital in El Paso, Tex., may have exposed more than 700 infants to tuberculosis.
Parents of potentially infected children received a letter from the El Paso Department of Health last week, according to ABC News . They include children born at the hospital between September 2013 and August of this year, when officials discovered that the unnamed female employee had the illness. The employee was originally identified as a nurse at the hospital. The hospital later clarified that she worked as a patient care tech.
In the letter , parents were informed that they could receive free TB screenings at the El Paso Department of Health, along with treatment.
"Your child should receive (a) TB skin test as soon as possible in order to determine if he or she has the TB germ," the letter said. "A nurse will look at the arm in 2-3 days to read the test. Your child will also need a chest X-ray so that a doctor can check to see if your children's lungs are clear. A doctor will examine your children and answer any questions you may have. If it is needed, medication will be provided to further protect your child."
The employee was placed on leave on August 16, and has not worked since, according to a statement to The Post from a hospital spokesman. Forty-three of her co-workers were also possibly exposed to TB. The El Paso Department of Health posted an exposure schedule on its Web site, presumably detailing when the employee was present in the nursery of the hospital.
According to Armando Saldivar, spokesman for the city health department, officials followed the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's guidelines when determining how far back to test. But those guidelines suggest that the employee was symptomatic as early as December, as the AP noted , raising questions about why officials didn't test sooner.
"We took the date of first signs and symptoms (of the health-care worker) and went back three months to determine who is considered 'exposed,' " Salivdar told the the AP.
According to the hospital , employees are screened annually for TB. Officials assume that the employee contracted the illness after the most recent round of screenings.
At a news conference reported on by the El Paso Times, the hospital's chief medical officer, Enrique Martinez, said officials still weren't sure how the employee contracted the disease.
TB can remain latent for years, meaning that individuals will test positive for the disease but aren't symptomatic. However, those with a latent TB infection can't spread the disease to others, according to the CDC . Those who develop TB of the throat or lungs are capable of spreading it to others through coughing, speaking, or sneezing.
Infants are at a higher risk of developing TB disease after exposure, the CDC cautions , including more life-threatening forms of the illness.
Health officials told ABC that they would have test results as early as Wednesday, and that there were no positive tests as of Tuesday afternoon.
[This post has been updated]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Arm chip to power the internet of thingsArm launches latest chip to power the internet of things
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46b08ff2-4321-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diversified equity funds tend to perform betterdiversified equity funds
('No asset outperforms on…)
In a chat with ET Now, Nand Kumar Surti, MD & CEO, JPMorgan Asset Management India, talks about their new fund offer. Excerpts:
ET Now: Give us some details on the fund that you are aiming to launch - the timing and the theme?
Nand Kumar Surti: The fund opens today and closes on October 1st. With this product, we will be investing 20% to 35% of the portfolio into direct equities, 30% to 45% in the arbitrage markets, which is the cash and the future markets with equal positions (another 35% to 40%), and the balance 35% of the investments will be in fixed income, which will be similar to our short-term income fund.
Since the last 11 years, since 2003, generally in good economic conditions, diversified equity funds and balance funds strategies have performed better and they also tend to be very volatile. The general observation was that no single asset outperforms on a consistent basis. Now, when you are exposed to a single asset class, you are exposed to the volatility the comes in from that asset class.
In this portfolio, volatility is measured by standard deviation of the fund, which is far less than what a diversified equity portfolio or a balanced fund portfolio would give you. We call it the sharp ratio, which over a three-year period was much better for this particular strategy. The maximum drawdown, which in simple terms is the worst possible investment decision of an investor when he invests at the peak and redeems at the bottom of the market, for this particular strategy, is just about 3% compared to a 19% in a diversified equity portfolio and about 16% in a balanced portfolio. So, measured on various parameters, volatility is less, risk-adjusted returns are much better and maximum draw down is far lesser for this strategy.
ET Now: Do you think there is more steam left in the market?
Nand Kumar Surti: Considering September 2015, i.e. one year forward from now, the market is trading at 15.9 times valuations, whereas the last five years' average of the market has been 15.5 times and the last 10 years' average has been 15.6 times. So, from a purely valuation perspective, I do not think the markets are expensive at all. The economy has bottomed out and has started to reverse. There is a strong leadership and focus at the Reserve Bank of India and we have a stable government at the Centre.
  However, there are quite a few contributing factors, which are likely to boost corporate profits in the coming days and quarters. The international oil prices are below $100 at this point of time, which is a huge positive for a country like India, wherein 40% of the import bill accounts for oil. Hence, this bodes well for the fiscal side and the current account deficit side, especially, considering the positive impact it will have on inflation on a sustained basis. Moreover, the steps taken by the new government in a proactive manner have restricted the main factors which contributed to CPI inflation. The price rise in minimum support price for agricultural commodity has been restricted to about 5%. Wages under our NREGA scheme, which was again a major contributor to the CPI inflation, have been restricted to 5% or thereabouts. So, these things could boost corporate profitability in the coming days. Inflation, commodity prices are all on a downward trend and you could see earnings making a rebound from here.
ET Now: Is there any event that could derail the potential rally in the Indian markets over the next couple of months?
Nand Kumar Surti: Right now, the market seems to be in an obsessed condition with the rise in the US interest rates. The market consensus is that the US FED will raise interest rates in the mid of 2015 and the second consensus call is that the first rate hike will be of 25 basis points. Now, if the FED rate hike were to happen anytime earlier than that or if the rate hike is higher than expectations, that could be a surprise element. However, at JPMorgan, we assign a very low probability of a rate hike coming in before the mid of 2015. The important point is to watch data coming in from the US market. If it is consistently positive, then there is a probability of an early rate action, otherwise not. Barring that, the overall global economic conditions are conducive for the Indian economy and the markets to do extremely well over the coming years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mobile app to help you click selfie with Isro s MangalyaanMobile app to help you click selfie with Isro's Mangalyaan
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad Sep 24, 2014 06:00 AM IST
Hyderabad based start-up Smartur has developed a mobile application (app) built on augmented reality that allows users of Android phone users and iOS mobile devices to click a selfie with Indian spaceship Mangalyaan that is due to enter the Martian orbit on wednesday.
The Smartur app will provide the mobile users a platform to experience and participate in India's most important space programme milestone - the historic arrival of Mangalyaan on Mars on September 24, according to a press release by the company.
The Smartur app is an augmented reality app that has been developed using a 3D model and provides the user with an almost 'real' experience of seeing the object (in this case Mangalyaan) in their living environment, the release said.
The app allows the participants to click and upload/ share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any other idea that comes to their mind, it said.
A participant would be required to download the app for free on their mobile device and take a print out of the 'Marker' (a marker is a design that helps the model the Mangalyaan to be placed in reality). The combination of the app and marker would give users an actual feel of being right there with the Mangalyaan, it said.

CarMax sputters on disappointing salesCarMax sputters on disappointing sales
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f23e3c0-4339-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon limits delivery of goods above Rs 5 0...Amazon limits delivery of goods above Rs 5,000 in UP
By Jayanta Deka, TNN | 24 Sep, 2014, 07.52AM IST
In a move that speaks volumes about the trustworthiness of the UP market, Amazon has gone the way of rival Flipkart in putting a low price threshold.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LUCKNOW: If you live in Noida or Ghaziabad, forget ordering your favourite gizmo from Amazon this festive season, because the e-commerce major won't deliver anything worth more than Rs 5,000 to any address with a UP postal code.
In a move that speaks volumes about the trustworthiness of the UP market, Amazon has gone the way of rival Flipkart in putting a low price threshold to UP-based postal codes. When TOI quizzed Amazon on the reason for this decision, the spokesperson declined to comment. However, insiders associated with Amazon's delivery chain said the decision was taken due to buyer-end malpractices the company has faced. TOI confirmed that delivery has been disabled for all UP postal codes on the e-commerce site for orders over Rs 5,000.
"We've had many instances of items ordered from fake addresses. It affects everyone in the supply chain, because a lot of money and time is invested in catering to such orders. Just-for-fun orders are hurting e-commerce," said a courier operator which handles orders from various e-commerce portals, including Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal .
Insiders at Flipkart, which delivers around 1,000 orders a day in Lucknow itself, said Amazon's decision appears similar to Flipkart's own rule regarding UP postal codes. The company had recently started delivering select products "with cash on delivery (COD) option" to these postal codes, but revised its policy soon after to restrict delivery of consignments of value above Rs 10,000. A Flipkart spokesperson called this a business decision and said they keep reviewing the threshold limit from time to time. "Here we're facing this problem for quite some time. COD orders are often abused. The situation is changing and the market is maturing, but we do face such situations at least once every week," said a local courier office that caters to customers of various e-commerce portals.
Amazon doesn't have its own delivery network in UP and depends on regular couriers. A local courier said it delivers around 300 orders a day and "90% of them are honoured". It added, "This is their business decision and they will be best able to tell why they are doing this."
Interestingly, e-commerce companies are banking on a bonanza this festive season. For most of them, Navaratra and Diwali are big occasions, and they time promotional offers for this period. For instance, Amazon on Sunday announced a 30-day online "shopping dhamaka" for its customers. Flipkart, too, had lined up many discount offers, many of which are available across top postal codes in the state. Offers aside, if the big players bypass the most populated state in the country and more so the twin cities of Noida and Ghaziabad in NCR, it is a challenge and void for the country's e-commerce story.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Mandelas widow warns on climate changeClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Asia Stocks Dip  Lower Yields Keep Dollar in CheckYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Dip, Lower Yields Keep Dollar in Check
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 07:44 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Tokyo:
Asian stocks tracked an overnight decline on Wall Street and dipped early on Wednesday, while the dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent, sliding to a fresh four-month low. Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.6 per cent.
US stocks fell overnight, weighed by downbeat European data and as the first US-led air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters dampened investor risk appetite.
The air strikes in Syria, which opened a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances, also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed US Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The dollar was down 0.3 per cent at 108.50 yen, after going as low as 108.25 yen overnight. The greenback has been on the back foot after scaling a six-year high of 109.46 on Friday.
The euro was little changed at $1.2839, limping away from the 14-month low of $1.2816 hit Monday.
For further currency market direction participants awaited upcoming comments from Fed officials.
"Fed officials will be in focus again today.. .if they do not give any hints that they are in a hurry to hike rates the dollar could lose more ground against the yen and present 109 as a ceiling," said Masafumi Yamamoto, market strategist for Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester speaks later in the day, after Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota said on Tuesday the central bank can keep stimulating the US economy because inflation is posing little threat -comments the markets perceived as dovish.
In commodities, Brent crude oil was little changed, with ample global supplies outweighing tensions in the Middle East for the moment. Brent was up 6 cents at $96.91 a barrel.
Gold dipped as a spike triggered by safe haven bids in the wake of the airstrikes in Syria faded. Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,221.01 an ounce.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India Succeeds Putting Spacecraft in Martian OrbitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

India succeeds putting spacecraft in Martian orbitPrint
Scientists described the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. (Source: ISRO)
Written by Johnson T A | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:34 pm
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft successfully entered the orbit of Mars on Wednesday morning after a liquid motor engine fired effectively for a little over 24 minutes to impart a little over the required velocity of 1098 metres per second at 1099 metres per sec.
The $ 71 million mission, one of the cheapest undertaken by any space faring nation, puts ISRO among an elite league of three other space agencies to undertake a successful voyage to the Red Planet. The successful entry of the MOS into the orbit of Mars (further data is still awaited on the exact orbit achieved) makes India the first country to make it to Mars on its first attempt.
(Source: ISRO)
The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was intended to be placed in an elliptical orbit spanning 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars. The US space agency NASA which has 16 successful Mars mission to its credit placed its Maven spacecraft in 150 km X 6250 km orbit around Mars exactly two days ago.
The successful mission of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in attendance was greeted by cheers by scientists at ISRO’s mission operations centre 2 and was followed by the distribution of sweets.
“If our national cricket team wins a tournament the whole country celebrates. What our scientists have done is far greater,’’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi said following the success.
The Indian prime minister who appreciated the low cost nature of the project – costing less than the $ 100 million Hollywood movie Gravity – called on the scientists to continue to push their boundaries.  He said ISRO had carried out the MOS mission within three years of a feasibility study.
The Mars Orbit Insertion maneuver on Wednesday went to plan for ISRO with the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft triggering pre-loaded commands on the dot as prescribed by the pre-determined schedule. There were loud cheers in mission control when the liquid engine started firing at 7.17 AM and information was received in this regard at the earth stations at 7.30 AM.
The biggest cheers in mission control however emerged at 8.10 AM when first information came in from the spacecraft to indicate that the orbit insertion had gone to plan with the engine imparting the required thrust of 1098 metres/second during its 24 minute burst.
With Mars eclipsing the MOS for a period of nearly continued…

16 names added to UNs al-Qaida sanctions listPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:58 am
A U.N. Security Council committee has added 16 names to its al-Qaida sanctions list, including one with ties to the Islamic State group.
Tuesday’s additions come after the council approved a resolution expanding the list’s scope to include people affiliated with the extremist group that has taken over a huge area of land in Syria and Iraq.
‘Abd al-Rahman Muhammad Mustafa al-Qaduli of Iraq has been listed as a senior Islamic State group official who rejoined the group in 2012 after his release from prison.
He and other individuals and entities added to the sanctions list face financial sanctions, a travel ban and arms embargo. The recent council resolution also urges the sanctions committee to consider listing more names of people who support the Islamic State group.

LIVE: India reaches Mars  PM Modi says this is an occasion for celebrationISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:12 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:49 am
India scripted history on Wednesday with the success of its Mars mission . As the Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to the Red Planet in the first attempt. Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.
Here are the highlights:
9:03 am: Howdy @ MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around, tweets ISRO’s new Mars Orbiter Twitter Handle @MarsOrbiter
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:44 am: 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:40 am: If our cricket team wins 1 tournament country celebrates. This mission is thousand times bigger achievement: PM Modi
8.37 am: NASA congratulates ISRO:
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG
8.32 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this day must be celebrated as ‘Anand Utsav’.
8.31 am: This has been achieved after years of hardwork and blessings/wishes of all Indians.
8.25 am: This too must become a base for challenging the next frontier, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.23 am: Our space programme has been an example of achievement, which inspires us to strive for excellence.
8.20 am: With your efforts and hard work, we have developed the habit of achieving the impossible, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells ISRO scientists.
8.18 am: With every success, comes a new challenge, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.14 am: These are accomplishments that will go down in the pages of history, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.13 am: We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, PM addresses ISRO scientists.
8.10 am: Mars has got a MOM today, always knew MOM will not let us down, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.03 am: ISRO becomes fourth space agency to complete Mars mission. First in Asia and first to do it in first attempt.
8.00 am: India’s Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit.
7.56 am: Scientists will wait for over a week before deploying science instruments on MOS. Camera will be used today for first pix.
7.55 am: Scientists glued to monitors eagerly awaiting data on whether MOS has gone into Mars orbit to plan of 423 km x 80,000 km.
7.50 am:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
7.49 am: The speed of the main engine is 1098.7 meters per second.
7.42 am:
Burn end? The firing must have been completed by now & MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication. pic.twitter.com/ztn42wHwfN
7.40 am: Mangalyaan entering into Mars orbit just a few hours after NASA’s Maven did.
7.31 am:

10-year yield to trade between 8.44-8.49%: Ajay MangluniaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
10-year yield to trade between 8.44-8.49%: Ajay Manglunia
The 10-year benchmark is likely to trade in a range of 8.44-8.49 percent today, says Ajay Manglunia of Edelweiss.
Post your opinion here
 
Ajay Manglunia of Edelweiss said, "The negative bias of the previous session is unlikely to extend further as underlying sentiment remains supported. The absence of key triggers can limit trading to a narrow range till the RBI policy review next week."
"The 10-year benchmark is likely to trade in a range of 8.44-8.49 percent today," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Obama s Syria war carries risks for him at home and abroadSep 24, 2014, 08.57 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Obama's Syria war carries risks for him at home and abroad
The reason for Obama's good humor? His diplomacy paid off this time, with military contributions from five Arab states. One of his first items of business after arriving in New York for meetings at the United Nations was to personally thank representatives from the five.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Obama's Syria war carries risks for him at home and abroad
The reason for Obama's good humor? His diplomacy paid off this time, with military contributions from five Arab states. One of his first items of business after arriving in New York for meetings at the United Nations was to personally thank representatives from the five.
Post your opinion here
 
Appearing relaxed enough to crack a joke, US President Barack Obama took to the world stage on Tuesday after launching airstrikes in Syria against Islamic State militants but he is still facing huge political risks at home and abroad.
The reason for Obama's good humor? His diplomacy paid off this time, with military contributions from five Arab states. One of his first items of business after arriving in New York for meetings at the United Nations was to personally thank representatives from the five.
But heading into a US congressional election campaign season where control of the Senate is at stake, Obama's new war could become problematic for him and his Democratic Party if all does not go smoothly.
It could temper the enthusiasm of anti-war Democrats to turn out and vote on Election Day in November. Any problems with the mission could further dampen his approval ratings, now hovering around 40 percent, and embolden Republicans ready to pounce at the slightest misstep.
Initially, at least, Obama was scoring points with both political parties for his actions. Opinion polls could be expected to show some Americans will be pleased Obama acted to retaliate against Islamic State after the extremists beheaded two American captives and taunted the United States.
Frank Newport, editor in chief of the Gallup polling organization, said polling on Sept. 20 and Sept. 21 found majority support for military action but "whether that will be translated into increased support for the president at least as we measure it is still unknown."
A Reuters/Ipsos poll published on Sept. 12 showed that Americans support Obama's campaign of airstrikes but they have a low appetite for a long campaign. Sixty-four percent of people in the online survey said they backed the campaign. Twenty-one percent were opposed and 16 percent said they did not know.
Obama could face problems with Congress. The vote to authorize the use of force that lawmakers approved last week did not give Obama carte blanche to carry out this fight but rather it was a limited vote for a narrow, two-month authorization to equip and train Syrian rebels.
Lawmakers will be taking up this issue again after the election.
"His presidency was built on getting out of wars, not getting in them," said James Goldgeier, dean of American University’s School of International Service in Washington. "It's certainly risky, but there is popular support there for doing something. So I think a lot is going to depend on how it goes."
Obama, who shied away from airstrikes in Syria a year ago, had a slow reversal in course. A year ago he saw no positive outcome for getting involved in Syria’s civil war. Spurred
into action by the rapid rise of Islamic State, Obama has become what he worked really hard to avoid becoming, a war president.
But he has sought to make sure the United States was not acting alone. His mood was such afterward that he told a joke about the pregnant Chelsea Clinton after former President Bill Clinton introduced him at the Clinton Global Initiative.
"If Chelsea begins delivering while I’m speaking, she has my motorcade," Obama said to laughter.
Now, his challenge is to negotiate a careful path in the Middle East, keeping Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from interfering in going after more Islamic State targets. Aides said they doubt Assad will respond, since it has no control over the area that the airstrikes targeted.
Obama must make sure Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi follows through on forming a government that includes Sunnis, and perhaps most importantly, must get a rebel Syrian army prepared to hold ground cleared by the airstrikes.
Blaise Misztal, director of foreign policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, said that Congress may support Obama for now, but "the longer this goes on, the more of a political football it will become.”
RELATED NEWS

Liquidity Adjustment Facility : Auction ResultSep 24, 2014, 08.45 AM IST  | Source: RBI
Liquidity Adjustment Facility : Auction Result
Liquidity Adjustment Facility : Auction Result
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Liquidity Adjustment Facility : Auction Result
Liquidity Adjustment Facility : Auction Result
Post your opinion here
 
The result of the RBI Reverse Repo auction held on September 23, 2014 (evening) is as under:
Amount (face value in ` Billion)
Item
1 day Reverse Repo Auction
(Sale of Securities by RBI)
7.00% Fixed Rate

India s Mars mission successful  history madeIndia s Mars mission successful  history made
Hatsun Agro to raise Rs.300mn via preference sharesHatsun Agro to raise Rs.300mn via preference shares
Markets expected to open on mildly negative note: ICICIdirectMarkets expected to open on mildly negative note: ICICIdirect
More pain in midcapsMore pain in midcaps
Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 8000 levelsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8,000 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 24.50 points lower at 8,034.50 indicating lower opening on the domestic market.
Nifty ended the day with a gain a loss of 63 points at 8042, while Sensex closed 244 points lower at 26816.56 on Monday.
Nifty breached the support range of 8049 - 8040 in today's session thus turning the trend for immediate term weak. It now remains susceptible to further declines till 8000 and below that 7970 is also a possibility.
"The trend should remain weak for immediate term as long as 8120 is not crossed on the upside. The level of 7920 is the key level to watch out for in the next few sessions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"If the present decline manages to find support above 7920 then there may be a possibility of a bounce back, however if 7920 is breached then Nifty may face additional selling pressure," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that the medium term support and Trend Reversal level has now moved further up to 7820.
Most analysts believe that this profit taking will continue and the Nifty is likely to test its crucial support zone around 7900-7950 in coming sessions.
"Meanwhile, stocks may witness moves in both directions as banking, media and energy counters are showing strength & expected to maintain that bias whereas metal & realty may continue to trade under pressure," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Overnight, US stocks ended mixed as the tech sector dragged the Nasdaq to its worst day since July and kept the S&P 500 near the unchanged mark as investors cleared the decks for Alibaba's debut planned for later this week.
"Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offering in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now," Reuters reported.
"Investors also exercised caution ahead of the policy statement from the Federal Reserve on Wednesday, which could provide clues on the timing of an interest rate hike," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 43.63 points, or 0.26 per cent, to 17,031.14, the S&P 500 lost 1.41 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 1,984.13, and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 48.70 points, or 1.07 per cent, to 4,518.90.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.34 per cent lower at 15,894. South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 2,042 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.17 per cent higher at 2,342.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold falls below Rs.27 000-markThe Hindu Extending its losses, gold prices on Saturday dipped below the Rs 27,000-mark by losing Rs. 40 to trade at about 14-month low of Rs. 26,970 per ten gram. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Impact of poor global appetite for the yellow metal
Gold, on Saturday, continued its slide with the precious metal falling below the Rs.27,000-mark to Rs.26,970 per 10-gram mark in Delhi, which is its 14-month low. In Mumbai, it had breached the Rs.27,000-mark earlier in the week and closed at Rs.26,790.
Market watchers attribute the fall to selling by gold stockists in India and a poor global appetite for gold.
“The main reason is international cues with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the recent announcement that interest rates may be increased in early 2015,’’ said C. P. Krishnan, whole-time director, Geojit Comtrade, a commodity trading outfit.
There has been a poor off-take of gold in its main consuming markets of China and India. “Considering that we are close to the festive season, the off-take has been quite poor in India,’’ Mr. Krishnan said, adding that India had seen a waning interest with import restrictions in place as also attractive alternative investment avenues such as a booming stock markets and real estate.
“If the rupee continues to hold its own against the dollar, then gold price could react further. There could be a pick-up in demand in the next couple of months during the festive season considering that the monsoon has been good,’’ he said.
International gold was at $1,216 an ounce. “It has breached the previous support level of $1,240 and the next support is at $1,180,’’ said Bhargav Vaidya, a consultant and director of India Bullion & Jewellers’ Association (IBJA). “In India, the premium has evaporated and although there may be an improvement in demand, there is unlikely to be any improvement in price in the near future.’’
According to Mr. Krishnan, the government seems to have pegged the dollar in the Rs.60-61 band, and depending on the dollar’s trajectory, gold could go even as low as Rs.24,500 levels by year-end.

Mars orbiter engine firing successfulC HENNAI, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 17:53 IST
Mars orbiter engine firing successful
T.S. Subramanian
The spacecraft was within 5.4 lakh km radius of the Mars’ Gravitational Sphere of Influence.
TOPICS
science and technology
The mission will now go ahead with the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion
The test-firing of the propulsion engine on India's spacecraft to Mars for four seconds on Monday went off smoothly, boosting the hopes of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) engineers about the engine's performance on Wednesday when it will fire for 24 minutes to insert the Mars orbiter into the Red Planet's orbit.
The firing of ISRO's propulsion engine, called 440 Newton engine or Liquid Apogee Motor, on board ISRO's Mars orbiter began at 2.30 p.m. on Monday and there was no hitch at all in its performance. The firing helped to correct the trajectory of the orbiter - the altitude of the spacecraft was brought down by 200 km.
The engine ignited after it had slumbered in space for 300 days during the spacecraft's voyage to the moon. The LAM engine was fired last on December 1, 2013 to catapult India's Mars orbiter from its earth-orbit into sun-centric orbit and its sojourn to Mars began.
K. Radhakrishnan, ISRO Chairman, said, "Everything was fine. Everything has gone well. The trajectory correction manoeuvre of the spacecraft was done."
V. Kesava Raju, Mission Director, Mars Orbiter Mission, ISRO, said, "The test-firing of the engine was smooth and it went as per expectations." He asserted that "the health of the spacecraft was normal in every aspect."
The news about the confirmation of the success of the test-firing was received from the spacecraft after a time-delay of about 13 minutes, Mr. Kesava Raju said.
The test-firing is a rehearsal for the main event on September 24 when the 440 Newton engine will be fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. Simultaneously, eight small thrusters on board the spacecraft will fire with the main 440 Newton engine to slip India's spacecraft to Mars into a Martian orbit, with a periapsis of 432 km and an apoapsis of 80,000 km.

Obama Administration To Take Action Against Tax-Avoidance Inversion DealsObama Administration To Take Action Against Tax-Avoidance Inversion Deals
 | By                                                                JOSH LEDERMAN and JIM KUHNHENN
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration cracked down Monday on certain overseas corporate mergers and acquisitions, aiming to curb American companies from shifting their ownership abroad to shirk paying U.S. taxes.
New regulations from the Treasury Department will make these co-called corporate inversions less lucrative by barring creative techniques that companies use to lower their tax bill. Additionally, the U.S. will make it harder for companies to move overseas in the first place by tightening the ownership requirements they must meet.
"This action will significantly diminish the ability of inverted companies to escape U.S. taxation," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said. He added that for some companies considering inversions, the new measures would mean inverting would "no longer make economic sense."
Administration officials who briefed reporters could not say how many pending inversions might be stopped by the new rules and specifically would not address whether the rules would block one of the most high-profile moves, an effort that Burger King announced in August to acquire Tim Hortons, a Canadian coffee and doughnut chain.
In such transactions, a U.S. business merges with or is acquired by a foreign company in a country with a lower tax rate. President Barack Obama has denounced inversions as unpatriotic and has urged Congress to stop them.
Obama applauded the Treasury for taking steps to reverse the trend of companies seeking to "exploit this loophole" to avoid paying their fair share in taxes. Yet he said he was still calling on Congress to pursue broader tax reform that would reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and make the tax code simpler.
"While there's no substitute for congressional action, my administration will act wherever we can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about," Obama said in a statement.
Coming just six weeks ahead of Election Day, the timing of Monday's announcement highlighted the appeal Democrats believe the issue has with voters. By having Treasury announce new steps now, the White House was practically daring Republicans to voice their opposition.
The announcement puts companies on notice that Treasury will be drafting regulations to clamp down, but the new measures will take effect immediately even while those regulations are pending. That means any transactions from Tuesday onward will be subject to the tougher restrictions.
Three new measures will seek to stop companies from finding ways to access earnings from a foreign subsidiary without paying U.S. taxes, including "hopscotch" loans, in which companies shift earnings by lending money to the new foreign parent company while skipping over the U.S.-based company.
Another rule change would make it harder for merged or acquired companies to benefit from lower foreign taxes by tightening the application of a law that says the American company's shareholders must own less than 80 percent of the new, combined company. The administration would like to reduce that percentage to 50 percent, but that will require legislation. In the absence of legislation, the administration says its new rules will make it harder for companies to get around the 80 percent requirement by prohibiting certain arrangements, such as a firm making large dividend payments ahead of the acquisition to reduce its size on paper.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Treasury called the new rules a "targeted action" aimed at ensuring that the U.S. tax system only provides incentives to genuine cross-border mergers that strengthen the economy.
Democrats generally supported the action as the best the administration could do without action from Congress while Republicans faulted the administration for not making a greater effort to work with Congress to enact comprehensive corporate tax reform.
"The administration has made a good effort but administrative action can only go so far," Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said in a statement. "This rule makes some companies think twice before inverting, but legislation is sorely needed."
Republicans pointed out that the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world and argued that Obama should be pursuing efforts to simplify the tax code, not punish companies.
"We've been down this rabbit hole before and until the White House gets serious about tax reform, we are going to keep losing good companies and jobs to countries that have or are actively reforming their tax laws," said Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Several Democrats in Congress have announced bills to make it harder for U.S. corporations to carry out inversions, and Obama included provisions in his 2015 budget request to limit inversions.
Obama elevated the issue in July, demanding "economic patriotism" from U.S. corporations that use legal means to avoid U.S. taxes through overseas mergers. "I don't care if it's legal," Obama declared at the time. "It's wrong."
___
AP Economics Writer Martin Crutsinger and AP writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Vikram Dhawan s Top 3 Picks: Godrej Properties  NMDC  DCM ShriramE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BNP downgrades DLF to  reduce   shares slumpBNP downgrades DLF to 'reduce', shares slump
Indulal P     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 10:27 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
DLF shares slumped over 3 per cent to Rs 161.55 in early trade on the bourses after BNP Paribas downgraded the stock to 'reduce' from 'hold'.
The French financial services company also cut the stock's target price to Rs 146 from Rs 169, citing "limited upside potential" for shares and " no major potential catalysts in the near-term."
Reacting to the report, shares of DLF were trading 2.64 per cent lower at Rs 162.25 on the Bombay Stock Exchange in morning trade, having fallen 3.1 per cent on opening.
BNP also said DLF's "weak operational data and negative newsflow from ongoing legal cases" were negative for the stock.
(Reuters)

Delhi Circle Rates Hiked by Up to 20%: How it Impacts YouManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
The Delhi government on Monday announced up to 20 per cent increase in circle rates effective Tuesday. Circle rates are minimum rates below which a property cannot be registered and forms the basis of stamp duty and registration charges for a property.
Circle rates, introduced in 2007, are revised periodically. In Delhi, these rates were last revised in November 2012, when the rates were hiked by 200 per cent.
Most property transactions in India are opaque, with some black money component. Many times, actual transactions take place much above the government's prescribed rates. There are many instances when buyers are forced to register the property at government's prescribed prices (circle rate), but have to fork out additional cash to compensate for the actual transaction value.
For example, a 75 square meter DDA flat in Delhi's Dwarka has a price tag of Rs 50 lakh (according to revised circle rate), but its market value is at Rs 70 lakh. So, a buyer has to register his/her flat at Rs 50 lakh and pay the seller an extra Rs 20 lakh in cash for a total transaction value of Rs 70 lakh. The deal is beneficial for both the buyer and the seller as both save on taxes.
It is the government, which is the biggest loser here. A hike in circle rate will cut down the black money component in such transactions. In good times, a hike in circle rates generally leads to some increase in property prices as well. But considering the sluggishness in real estate, particularly in Delhi, the hike in circle rates will only result in higher revenues for the government and is unlikely to have significant impact on prevailing property prices. ( Read the full story here )
Details:
A. For land transactions, the entire city has been divided into eight categories on the basis of circle rates.
1) For posh colonies such as Greater Kailash, Defence Colony, Gulmohar Park, Panchsheel Enclave, Anandlok, Green Park, Golf Links and Hauz Khas (category A), the circle rate has been hiked 20 per cent from Rs 6.45 lakh per square metre to Rs 7.74 lakh per square metre.
2) Land rates in category B neighbourhoods like Andrews Ganj, Kalkaji, Munirka Vihar and Nehru Enclave have been increased to Rs 2.45 lakh per square metre as against current rate of Rs 2.04 lakh per square metre.
3) Category C colonies (Alaknanda, Chittaranjan Park, Civil Line, East of Kailash. East Patel, Kalkaji and Lajpat Nagar), the circle rate has been hiked to Rs 1.60 lakh per square metre from current Rs 1.33 lakh per square metre.
4) Category D (Anand Vihar, Daryaganj, Dwarka, Indraprastha Extension and Janakpuri) the new rates will be Rs 1.28 lakh per square metre as against existing rate of Rs 1.06 lakh per square metre.
5) The rate for colonies under category E (Chandni Chowk, Hauz Qazi, Jama Masjid, Kashmere Gate and Khirki Extension) has been hiked from Rs 58,365 to Rs 70,080 per square metre.
6) For F category colonies (Anand Parbat, Arjun Nagar, Daya Basti, Dilshad Colony, Dishad Garden and BR Amdedkar Colony), the rate will be Rs 56,640 as against current rate of Rs 47,140.
7) In respect of category G colonies (Amber Vihar, Dabri Extension, Dakshinpuri, Dashrathpuri and Hari Nagar Extension), the new rate will be Rs 46,200 per square metre as against existing Rs 38,442.
8) For H category colonies it has been hiked to Rs 23,280 from Rs 19,361.
B. Buying flats in the city will also be costly, according to the revised circle rates. The government has also categorised flats depending on the plinth area based on which minimum built-up rate has been finalised.
1) Plinth area between 30 square metre and 50 square metre: Built-up rate for DDA colonies and group housing societies for residential use will be Rs 54,480 while for commercial use it will be Rs 62,520.
2) Plinth area between 50 square metre and 100 square metre: Built- up rate will be Rs 66,240 per square metre while for commercial use it will be Rs 75,960 square metre.
3) Plinth area above 100 square metre: Rate for residential use will be Rs 76,200 while for commercial use, it will be Rs 87,360.
C) For flats having more than four storeys, a uniform rate per square metre of Rs 87,840 will be taken as minimum value of built-up rate for residential purpose and around Rs 1 lakh square metre for commercial purpose.
(With inputs from PTI)

NPPA to not cap prices of non-essential drugsGovt retreats NPPA's power to cap non-essential drug prices
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 12:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government has withdrawn the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's (NPPA) powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential, after its decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs triggered industry protests.
NPPA had issued a notice in July imposing price caps on 108 non-essential drugs ,  which are used to treat diseases ranging from diabetes to HIV/AIDS. The  move has been challenged by the industry lobby groups in courts.
In a notice late on Monday, the Department of Pharmaceuticals has withdrawn guidelines issued on May 29 that gave the NPPA the powers to fix the prices of drugs that are not on the essential medicines list.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals, under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, directly controls the NPPA.
(Reuters)

JSW Expects to Import 10 Million Tonnes or More Iron OreYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Expects to Import 10 Million Tonnes or More Iron Ore
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 12:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: JSW Steel Ltd, India's No. 3 maker of the alloy, said it is planning to raise iron ore imports to 10 million tonnes this fiscal year and could boost that further if a domestic shortage continues and international prices stay low.
The company was earlier planning to import 6 million tonnes, but a sharp jump in local prices due to recent closures of mines has forced it to consider more shipments.
Global spot iron ore prices have fallen 40 per cent this year to their lowest levels since 2009 as global miners flood the market with low-cost supply.
India, the third-largest exporter of iron ore before action against illegal mining in the past three years cut supplies, could see a shortage of 30 million tonnes this fiscal year through March 31, JSW's Joint Managing Director Seshagiri Rao told Reuters.
Most of the deficit would be bridged through imports from Australia, Canada, South Africa and Brazil, he said.
"International prices are at five-year lows but in India prices are going up," Rao said. "It's becoming cheaper to import and is also of better quality. We will of course raise imports further if the situation does not change."
JSW needs about 22 million tonnes of iron ore per year to make steel but did not import any of the raw material last year.
Mr Rao said JSW also expected a response in the next few weeks to its bid for assets of troubled Italian steelmaker Lucchini.
JSW bid less than 100 million euro ($128 million) for three mills, while rival Jindal Steel and Power Ltd had pulled out of the race.
Indian steel companies have been looking to boost exports to make up for subdued demand at home. JSW is led by billionaire Sajjan Jindal and Jindal Steel by younger brother Naveen.
The company was also considering buying the Ilva steel plant in Italy - Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity and privately owned by the Riva family, according to sources.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Credit Suisse upgrades Tata Motors  cuts Mahindra & MahindraCredit Suisse upgrades Tata Motors, downgrades Mahindra & Mahindra
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 13:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Credit Suisse on Tuesday upgraded Tata Motors to "outperform" from "neutral" saying near-term concerns were on factors such as volume abating.
The financial services company said Tata Motors shares under-performed the auto sector recently and the "long-term story remains promising".
However, Credit Suisse downgraded Mahindra and Mahindra to "neutral" from "outperform" saying Mahindra's valuations were no longer "attractive."
Tata Motors shares initially gained as much as 0.5 per cent to a record high at Rs 542.60 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), but gave up gains and was down 1.74 per cent in afternoon trade.
The shares have surged over 8 per cent in last four sessions.
Shares of Mahindra and Mahindra were trading at Rs 1351.15 per scrip, down 20.3 points (or 1.48 per cent) in afternoon trade on the BSE.
(Reuters)

Our batsmen won t always score big'Our batsmen won't always score big' - Dhoni
2 months ago, ESPNcricinfo
After Chennai Super Kings' huge win over Dolphins in a run-fest in Bangalore, MS Dhoni is not too impressed with his bowlers' performances
MORE TOP STORIES TODAY

Philips to split off lighting business  form new companyPhilips to split off lighting business, form separate company
Anthony Deutsch     Amsterdam   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 15:07 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Philips will break its 120-year-old company in two, creating a stand-alone lighting business and merge consumer and healthcare divisions into a 15-billion euro business.
The company said the new structure would bring cost savings of 100 million euros ($128.46 million) next year and a further 200 million euros in 2016. It expects restructuring charges of 50 million euros from 2014 to 2016.
"I do appreciate the magnitude of the decision we are taking, but the time is right to take the next strategic step for Philips," chief executive Frans van Houten said.
The light bulb manufacturer established by Frits Philips expanded into a multinational electronics company that invented the compact disc. It has shifted to focus on healthcare and advanced lighting products.
Philips said its latest move would create two market-leading companies, HealthTech and Lighting, with both companies using the Philips brand.
Philips said it would move the 7-billion euro lighting solutions business into a separate legal structure and consider various options for "alternative ownership structures with direct access to capital markets."
In a revised outlook, Philips said adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITA) in the second half of 2014 were expected to be slightly below a year earlier.
In the healthcare business, core profit in the second half of 2014 is now expected to be lower than the reported core profit in the second half of 2013.
(Reuters)

HCC soars 10%  Piramal Enterprises may buy co s road assetsSep 23, 2014, 02.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HCC soars 10%, Piramal Enterprises may buy co's road assets
According to CNBC-TV18 report, quoting unnamed sources, Piramal Enterprises is in discussion to buy two of HCC's road projects. Piramal is likely to acquire these road assets via their infra arm, sources add.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HCC soars 10%, Piramal Enterprises may buy co's road assets
According to CNBC-TV18 report, quoting unnamed sources, Piramal Enterprises is in discussion to buy two of HCC's road projects. Piramal is likely to acquire these road assets via their infra arm, sources add.
Post your opinion here
 
Investors lapped up shares of  Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) on Tuesday on reports that  Piramal Enterprises may buy road assets of the Mumbai-based construction company.
According to CNBC-TV18 report, quoting unnamed sources, Piramal Enterprises is in discussion to buy two of HCC's road projects. Piramal is likely to acquire these road assets via its infra arm, sources add.
On the other hand, it is learnt that the road project sale is likely to help HCC raise over Rs 1,000 crore. The company has been looking at selling some of its non-core assets to reduce debt. So this sale will help it reduce debt which currently stands at Rs 4,818 crore as of June 2014.
Meanwhile, HCC is already finalising sale of a part stake in its joint venture with Sadbhav Engineering in Dhule-Palesner project. It is looking at selling more than 12-13 percent to Sadbhav, say sources
At 14:25 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 37.20, up Rs 1.65, or 4.64 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Sr VP Institutional Research Centrum BrokingDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Rupee ends at one-week low on weak equitiesForex update: Rupee ends at one-week low of 60.94 on dollar demand, weak equities
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 18:27 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the American currency on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in the domestic equity market .
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82 . It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.86 and 61.00 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise (or 0.20 per cent).
Tuesday's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
Demand for the Greenback from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the the local unit.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said Suresh Nair, Director of Admisi Forex India.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth in September led the two indices, Sensex and Nifty, to register their biggest fall in over two months.
This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value .
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth US $11.37 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40."
In forward market, premium moved down further on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February declined to 216.5-218 paise from its overnight close of 219.5-221.5 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 dropped to 472.5-474.5 paise from 477-479 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8708 and for the euro at 78.2251.
The rupee dipped against the pound to 99.89 from 99.31 previously while fell back to 78.56 per euro from 78.12. It also turned negative to end at 56.17 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.78 previously.

Airlines Raise Issues Affecting SectorYou are here: Home Industries
Airlines Raise Issues Affecting Aviation Sector
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 00:08 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Top officials of Indian airlines on Tuesday raised issues afflicting the aviation sector like high jet fuel cost and airport charges as the government said it would soon finalise a policy to enhance connectivity to regional destinations and remote areas.
The issues came up for discussion at a meeting here convened by Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju, which was attended by top officials of airlines including Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo, SpiceJet and Tata-SIA carrier Vistara.
"We wanted to interact with the airlines, take their inputs and hear their problems... We told them that we are trying to evolve a policy to make aviation a vibrant sector," Mr Raju told PTI after the two-hour-long meeting.
Issues like lowering of sales tax on aviation turbine fuel (ATF), the rule which allows an Indian carrier to fly abroad after they operate domestic for five years and have 20 planes, promoting of air connectivity to remote and regional airports and enhanced utilisation of bilateral air traffic rights by Indian carriers came up for discussion.
Asked whether the government was considering viability gap funding to promote remote and regional air connectivity, the minister said, "It is not ruled out. But how it can be done is to be examined. In the northeast, it is being done by DONER (ministry) and for Andaman-Nicobar by the state government."
The Civil Aviation Ministry has come out with a policy on remote and regional connectivity, various provisions of which the airlines have been opposed by the Indian carriers. The Centre is keen that state governments also join hands to promote air connectivity to remote areas and Tier-II and III cities in various regions.
This would be possible only if operational costs of the airlines are reduced to minimum and the states can contribute by bearing some operational expenses, including slashing ATF tax rates, the minister is understood to have stressed while elaborating on the draft policy on promoting air connectivity to regional and remote areas.
The government also wants Indian carriers to take up more international routes, as large chunks of bilateral air traffic rights have remained unutilised while foreign carriers were using them to a large extent to wean away Indian travellers.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

Companies want mining resumed in JharkhandHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Companies want mining resumed in Jharkhand
JAYANTA MALLICK
Ask Government to use legal window to exempt miners from new rule
Kolkata, September 23:  
Mining activities by SAIL, Tata Steel, Hindalco, Hindustan Copper and Uranium Corporation in Jharkhand have been almost at a standstill for more than a fortnight. The companies want the State to allow them to re-start mining operations.
The State Government ordered earlier this month that all miners close mines which were continuing operations on “deemed renewal” status. A majority of the State’s mines were operating this way.
The State directive was a follow-up of the recent amendment in the Mineral Concession Rules by the Centre, based on a Supreme Court directive. Earlier, miners were allowed to continue under “deemed renewal” status in case of the expiry of a mining lease. The new amendment has stopped this practice.
Coal supply unaffected
According to sources, operations at more than 20 iron ore, bauxite, uranium and copper mines in Jharkhand owned by both the public and private sector firms have been stopped from September 5. This, however, did not impact the State-owned Coal India Ltd, primarily due to its “national miner” status.
According to a top CIL official, the company acquires land through Coal Bearing Areas Acquisition and Development Act that ensures “perpetual renewal” of mining leases. Also, the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act gives the Centre an overriding power to direct States to grant renewal of coal mine leases. CIL operates over 110 coal mines in Jharkhand.
But sectors other than coal are seriously impacted. SAIL and Tata Steel closed their iron ore mines in West Singhbhum districts; Hindalco Industries stopped the mining operations in Gumla and Lohardaga districts; Hindustan Copper and Uranium Corporation’s mines in East Singbhum district are also shut down.
Sources in the affected companies say that under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulations) Act 1957, the State has power to exempt miners from the amended rule. They have requested the Jharkhand Government to use this legal window to restart mining operations.
Though mining operations in the country are spread over a number of states, the current stalemate has affected Jharkhand exclusively.
First the apex court reserved its order on Odisha (one of the India’s top mineral-rich States) in a recent ruling. Preliminary enquiry suggests that mining leases were regularised in Chhatishgarh. Iron ore mining in Karnataka and Goa are governed by specific apex court orders.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Former Nokia India Head Balaji to Join VodafoneYou are here: Home Corporates
Former Nokia India Head Balaji to Join Vodafone
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 23:34 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Former Nokia India head P Balaji will be joining Vodafone India, the country's second largest telecom firm, as its regulatory and external affairs director next month.
"Our new Director - Regulatory and External Affairs will be P Balaji. He joins us from Nokia India, where he was the Managing Director till recently," Vodafone said in a statement.
Mr Balaji is expected to join next month.
Vodafone's current regulatory head T V Ramachandran and external affairs director Rohit Adya will retire over the next few months. Vodafone India will be merging the regulatory and external affairs functions to be headed by Mr Balaji.
"TV Ramachandran, Resident Director (Regulatory Affairs and Government Relations) and Rohit Adya, Director (External Affairs) are set to retire over the next few months. We are using this opportunity to fine-tune our organization structure by merging the Regulatory and External Affairs functions for there are strong areas of synergy between them," Vodafone said.
Mr Adya will continue to serve the company in the capacity of chairman of the Vodafone Foundation.
"He will be involved in setting up the CSR activities of Vodafone in India and will drive the governance around this important domain," the company added.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

CBSE makes Mars move a must-viewComments
Two weeks after students were made to stay late in schools to watch PM Narendra Modi’s speech on Teachers’ Day, they are being asked to come to school early on Wednesday to watch another event live — Mangal-yaan’s entry into the Mars orbit.
Mangalyaan: meet the men behind India’s Mars Mission
Doordarshan’s live telecast of the historic event starts at 6.45am. If the mission succeeds, India will be the only country to send a probe to Mars in its first attempt.
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has issued a circular to all affiliated schools asking them to make all “necessary arrangements for students to view the programme collectively”.
“It is a proud and rare event that has utmost importance… the programme will provide important scientific knowledge to students, whet their curiosity and enable them to cherish this rare scientific event,” a CBSE circular said. 
Justifying its instructions, the CBSE said it will inculcate scientific temper in the children.
Though the intentions are noble, ground realities may make it tough for schools to follow through.
“The senior students have their exams right now so they won’t be able to participate in the screening but we have made arrangements for the junior students and will screen the programme through our smart class system,” said LV Sehgal, principal of Bal Bharti School on Pusa Road.
“We have made arrangements to record the telecast and show it to children a little later as changing the bus schedules is very difficult. We have a very active astronomy club and we will hold a talk and a workshop for children after the screening,” said Ameeta Wattal, principal of Springdales School.
The HRD ministry had sent a circular to all states to ensure that students were in schools to catch PM Modi’s speech on September 5. Though the ministry circular had maintained it was not mandatory it did seek feedback on attendance. Over 90 million children across 850,000 schools had watched the PM’s speech live.

M&M to sell scooters & bikes from tractor  UV dealershipsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi govt gets NPPA to back off  controls on 7% of market to goNarendra Modi govt gets NPPA to back off, controls on 7% of market to go
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 04:01  IST
Sep 24 2014, 04:01  IST
 

Global woes take down emerging marketsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shocked public looks on at gruesome scene as white tiger kills boy at Delhi ZooShocked public looks on at gruesome scene as white tiger kills boy at Delhi Zoo
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
 

Ebola cases to explode without drastic action: WHOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra: BJP  Shiv Sena near truce; may fight elections togetherBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

SC to decide fate of 218 coal blocks todaySC to decide fate of coal blocks today, top companies keep fingers crossed
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 06:12 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:20 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
India's top private and government companies in key industries - power, steel and cement - are keeping their fingers crossed, fearing cancellation of coal mines allotted to them years ago.
The Supreme Court will deliver on Wednesday its verdict on how 193 coal blocks "illegally" allocated between 1993 and 2010 should be treated.
The apex court had said last month the coal blocks were allocated illegally and arbitrarily since  by various regimes at the Centre on the recommendation of a bureaucrats' panel.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
The court, which had condemned the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings, however, had stopped short of cancelling them, saying, "what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled".
Now, the fate of 193 mines, some of which were given about two decades ago and haven't started hauling coal yet, hang in balance.
The potential investments that may get affected together could top Rs. 2 lakh crore.
Companies that could take a hit include Vedanta, Essar, Jindal Steel and Power, JSW, NTPC, SAIL and Hindalco, among others.
The government's top lawyer, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi, had told the court earlier this month that if all blocks are cancelled, state giant Coal India be allowed to take over active mines, or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks are re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
The apex court's verdict will make it clear whether these blocks would be re-allocated or will be just asked to pay a penalty.
States such as Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh have written to the Centre, requesting it not to consider re-allocation of coal blocks in its suggestions to the court, as it would lead to escalation in the cost of mining.
(With Agency inputs)

Missions to Mars: A 50-year flashbackMissions to Mars: A 50-year flashback
Gireesh Babu | Chennai Sep 24, 2014 07:00 AM IST
As the fourth planet from the Sun, Mars is the second smallest celestial body in the solar system. Named after Roman god of war, it is also known as the red planet due to the presence of iron oxide in abundance that gives it a reddish appearance.
Both Earth and Mars have roughly the same period of revolution around their axis. While Earth takes 365 days to orbit the Sun once, Mars takes 687 days to move around Sun. More missions have been attempted to Mars by scientists than to any other place in the Solar System except the satellite Moon. About half of the attempts have failed.
According to Planetary.org, some of these failures occurred because Mars was the first planet Earth attempted to explore, and the early exploration attempts taught us many lessons that have made subsequent missions more successful.
Recently Isro Chairman K Radhakrishnan told Business Standard that Isro got advantage of being late, considering the fact it has learnt from the previous mistakes, done by others.
Since 1996, Mars exploration has undergone a renaissance, with data from four orbiters and four landed missions developing a revolutionary new view of Mars as an Earth-like world with a complex geologic history. Here is a list of Mars missions by mankind, both successful and failed, in the last fifty years:
Launch Date

DLF kickstarts reit process  to sell promoter stakeDLF to acquire 40% stake of KP Singh and his family in rental business through share swap
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
annuity
(The share swap to the tune…)
NEW DELHI: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
The top real estate player's move to own 100% of its rental business is a precursor to the listing of DLF Assets as a real estate investment trust. The regulator recently approved rules for Reits. The share swap to the tune of about Rs 2,500 crore will however take the promoters' stake in DLF well above the 75% threshold mandated under public listing norms, rising from the current 74.92% by 7-8 percentage points.
Subsequent to this, DLF plans a sale of new shares in 12-18 months to bring that stake back down to 75%, the two people said, raising about Rs 3,000 crore in the process that will help the company reduce its debt burden of Rs 19,064 crore.
The company will approach the Securities and Exchange Board of India to seek exemption from the minimum 25% public shareholding norm for a period of 12-18 months to allow the integration of its rental business, the people said.
DLF appointed a four-member committee of independent directors under former Ernst and Young India chairman KN Memani last month to evaluate and recommend strategic options to drive sustainable and long-term growth and develop the rental business.
A company spokesperson said the Memani committee had begun preliminary deliberations. "We have no further comments to offer at this stage," the person said in an email. The panel was also mandated to suggest the optimum structure for the rental business to improve efficiency and control while reducing conflicts of interest.
"The committee of independent directors is going to appoint investment bankers as transaction advisors and independent valuers for the proposed share-swap deal by the end of this month," said one of the persons. Another person involved in the process said DLF is targeting to complete the integration of promoters' economic interest by March next year. Under the second part of the share-swap deal, the company will sell fresh shares sometime in 2015-16, the person added.
In December 2009, DLF integrated Caraf Builders & Constructions Pvt. Ltd (Caraf), an investment arm of the promoters that owned DLF Assets, with DLF Cyber City Developers Ltd (DCCDL), a wholly owned subsidiary of DLF. Consequently, DLF Assets became a subsidiary of DCCDL, with the real estate major holding a 60% economic interest and the remaining 40% being held by shareholders of Caraf, or the promoters.
KP Singh and his family hold 159,699,999 fully paid 9% compulsory convertible preference shares (CCPS) of Rs 100 each issued by DCCDL in 2009-10, aggregatingRs 1,597 crore in lieu of the entire equity capital of Caraf. Upon conversion into equity shares, this would constitute a 40% stake in DCCDL on a fully diluted basis.
"Under the agreement, it is required that right of conversion of CCPS should be exercised by the promoters by March 18, 2015. The Memani committee was appointed to facilitate the integration process and to ensure the valuation of the 40% economic interest in DCCDL will be done in a fair manner," said the first person cited above.
The second person pointed out that at the coupon rate of 9%, the cumulative value of the preference shares at the end of five years will be between Rs 2,400 crore and Rs 2,500 crore.
"Even on the basis of annuity income, the promoters' stake would be valued between Rs 2,500 crore andRs 3,000 crore," he said. According to this person, the rental business of DCCDL is expected to have an annuity income of aboutRs 2,100 core in the current fiscal.
"Even a discounting rate of 9% will give a valuation of about Rs 19,000 crore. After adjusting for a debt of about Rs 12,500-13,000 crore on the rental income, the equity value of the entire rental business will be between Rs 6,000 to Rs 7,000 crore." This will also value promoters' 40% economic interest at aboutRs 2,500-3,000 crore, he said. DLF is valued at about Rs 27,762 crore at the Tuesday closing price ofRs 155.80 per share on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax  DLF  JSW Energy in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Thermax, DLF, JSW Energy in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 08:35 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty is likely to open lower on Wednesday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors continued to be net sellers of India equities with increased intensity as they have sold cash shares worth Rs 1,185 crore on Tuesday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 326 crore.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
DLF is reportedly to acquire 40 per cent stake of promoters in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt. Ltd. through a share swap deal. The deal is valued at Rs 2,500 crore. Promoter KP Singh and his family own 40 per cent stake in DLF Assets Pvt. Ltd.
JSW Energy: One of its joint ventures has received environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
Manappuram Finance board has approved commencement of micro-financing business and financing against commercial vehicle.
Thermax: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited, which is a joint venture of Thermax and US-based Bancock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) has won an export order worth Rs 339 crore from B&W PGG.
Bajaj Electricals: The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged a new Order for turnkey construction of transmission lines from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Co. Ltd., worth Rs.108.63 crore.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 08:32 (IST)

Pre-Market: Nifty likely to retest 8 000 levelPre-Market: Nifty likely to retest 8,000 level
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 08:29 AM IST
Markets are likely to open lower tracking weak global cues in Asian markets. For the day, the Nifty is likely to test the crucial psychological support level of 8,000 ahead of the derivative expiry tomorrow.
Early indicator, SGX Nifty is down 18 points at 8,017.
In Asia, stocks tracked an overnight decline on Wall Street and dipped early on Wednesday, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2%, sliding to a fresh four-month low.
Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.6%.
U.S. stocks fell overnight, weighed by downbeat European data and as the first U.S.-led air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters dampened investor risk appetite.
The air strikes in Syria, which opened a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances, also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed U.S. Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.68%, to 17,056, the S&P 500 lost 0.58%, to 1,988 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.42%, to 4,509.
Stocks to Watch
Power and select metal stocks like JSPL and Hindalco will be under pressure as the Supreme Court will pronounce its verdict on illegal coal block allocation.
Manappuram Finance: The company in a board meeting held yesterday gave its nod to diversify into the business of micro finance and financing of commercial vehicles.
JSW Energy: One of its joint ventures received environmental clearance to increase the annual mining of Kapurdi Lignite Mines.
Thermax: A joint venture of Thermax and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
Sagar Cement: The company is set to buy cement business of Bangalore-based BMM Ispat Group
Hindalco: An AGM is scheduled today to seek shareholders' nod to issue NCDs up to Rs 6,000 crore and nod to set borrowing limit at maximum Rs 20,000 crore

Samsung to launch new phone in China before ...Samsung to launch new phone Galaxy Note 4 in China before Apple's iPhone 6
By AP | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.16AM IST
Samsung's announcement marks the first time the Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other markets.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co. said Wednesday its latest Galaxy Note 4 smartphone will go on sale in China and South Korea later this month as its flagging mobile business tries to defend sales from Apple's new iPhones.
Samsung said all three South Korean mobile operators will begin Galaxy Note 4 sales on Friday. All three Chinese mobile carriers will release the new phone before the end of this month, it said.
Samsung's announcement marks the first time the South Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other major overseas markets .
Apple's iPhone 6 has yet to arrive in China, the world's most populous country. But Apple Inc. still chalked up 10 million sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in the first three days after the phones went on sale.
Samsung's early move in China comes as the South Korean company faces challenges on multiple fronts. Its profit from the crucial mobile business has flagged and local brands in India and China have dented its sales of cheap phones.
Apple's new iPhone 6 with its larger screen than previous models eliminates at key advantage for Samsung that lured buyers with the big screens of its Galaxy phones.
The 4.7-inch screen of the iPhone 5 has been increased to 5.5-inches for the iPhone 6 Plus.
The Galaxy Note 4's display measures 5.7 inches diagonally, slightly larger than the biggest iPhone. The Note series comes with a stylus that Samsung calls "S Pen" for note taking and drawing.
Samsung moved forward its launch schedule for the new Note phone from October after Apple announced the iPhone 6 with a bigger screen.
U.S. sales of the Galaxy Note 4 will start on Oct. 17.
Samsung said the Galaxy Note Edge, which has a curved side screen that serves as a second screen to display weather information, clocks and menu buttons, will start going on sale in late October.

2 women  given electric shocks  inside a police station in KapurthalaSep 24, 2014 at 08:39am IST
2 women 'given electric shocks' inside a police station in Kapurthala
16
0
Kapurthala: Two women accused in a theft case were allegedly given electric shocks inside a police station in Bholath area, following which an Assistant Sub-Inspector was suspended.
Senior Superintendent of Police Dhanpreet Kaur said ASI Raghbir Singh was suspended for his alleged involvement in the incident.
An inquiry was also ordered by the SSP, who deputed Bholath DSP Mukesh Kumar to probe the matter and submit a report soon.
Two women accused in a theft case were allegedly given electric shocks inside a police station in Bholath.
#police station #electric shock #kapurthala
The women had been detained for interrogation in a Rs 15 lakh theft case that took place in Lakhan Khole village.
Former village sarpanch Inderjit Kaur, who had accompanied the women to the police station, was made to sit outside while they were questioned in the case.
When the women did not return for over two hours, Kaur went inside the police station and found them unconscious, the SSP said.
The women were admitted to a private hospital where they were referred to a civil hospital in Kapurthala. Their condition is stated be normal.
Kaur alleged that the women were subjected to torture in the police station and electric shocks were given to them.
6

Smaller parties of grand Mahayuti alliance miffed with Shiv Sena  BJP over seat sharingSep 24, 2014 at  09:09am IST
Smaller parties of grand Mahayuti alliance miffed with Shiv Sena, BJP over seat sharing
10
0
Mumbai: Smaller parties of the grand Mahayuti alliance up the ante as they hint to walk out of the alliance over issue of seat sharing.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party proposal which offered them only seven seats. The Shiv Sena, on Tuesday had proposed 151 seats for itself and agreed to the BJP's demand of 130 seats, but offered only seven seats to other allies - 11 less than what they had offered earlier. The two parties would be meeting again on Wednesday.
"BJP and Shiv Sena have offered us seven seats which is an insult to us. They will talk and let us know tomorrow about a fresh proposal. We have contested more seats than this in the last election," said Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna president Raju Shetty.
The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party proposal which offered them only seven seats.
#mahayuti #shiv sena #bjp #republican party of india
Vianyak Mete of the Shiv Sangram Samit concurred saying that, "This offer by the BJP and the Shiv Sena is not acceptable to us. All the smaller parties will meet tomorrow and take final call".
"The proposal is not acceptable to us. We feel this is an insult. All four parties are upset," added Mete.
The Shiv Sena, though, emphasized that none of the parties were offended. Party spokesperson Sanjay Raut emphasized that, " The alliance will stay. Nobody is upset. Differences will be resolved."
BJP Maharashtra unit president Devendra Fadnavis also reiterated his party's stand saying insisting that BJP wants to contest the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections along with the smaller alliance partners. Fadnavis also said that talks were underway to tackle the situation.
0

Mangalyaan s entry into Mars orbit: As it happened7
2
India's Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan, has entered the Martian orbit. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present at the ISRO headquarters to witness the historic event, so was Union Minister Jitendra Singh.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars and carry out limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
9:03 am: Congress President Sonia Gandhi congratulates ISRO scientists for the successful insertion of Mangalayan into orbit of Mars.
8:54 am: ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweets: I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
8:45 am: PM Modi - This day must be celebrated as Anand Utsav. I congratulate you all on this achievement.
8:35 am: NASA congratulates ISRO: "We congratulate ISRO for its Mars arrival! MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet," NASA tweets.
8:29 am: PM - All of us must be very happy. What we have done today is 1000 times bigger than achievement of our Cricket team.
8:26 am: PM Modi - Scientists have made great personal sacrifices to achieve this.
8:25 am: PM Modi - India has invented 'Zero'. It is our greatest gift to the World.
8:24 am: PM Modi - We have a great leadership. Future looks bright for us.
8:21 am: PM Modi - ISRO has a tradition and culture of grooming junior scientists. You have honoured our forefathers. Inspired future generations.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO knows to how to make impossible thing possible.
8:20 am: PM Modi - ISRO has made us proud, achieved something impossible.
8:19 am: PM Modi - Only if we take risk, we will succeed. We have taken that risk.
8:18 am: PM Modi - We have been successful today. I have full faith in our people. I respect our great scientists. Innovation involves risk.
8:17 am: PM Modi looks excited. Recites his Gujarati poem.
8:16 am: PM Modi - What we have done is great. We have spent less than what a Hollywood movie costs to complete the Mars Mission.
8:13 am: PM Modi - Within just three years, ISRO has completed this great job.
8:13 am: PM Modi - ISRO joins the elite group of just 4 nations in the World.
8:12 am: PM Modi - The odds were staked against us. Of the total 51 missions across the World, just 21 missions have been successful.
8:11 am: PM - We have done something incredible. It is remarkable.
8:11 am: PM - With scarce resources our great scientists have achieved it. I am really proud. We have gone beyond the boundaries.
8:09 am: PM Modi - History has been created today. We have achieved something near impossible.
8:09 am: PM Modi - India has successfully reached Mars.
8:08 am: PM Modi - MoM has met Mangal!
8:08 am: PM Modi - Today, Earth has met the Mars.
8:07 am: PM Modi is addressing the ISRO scientists.
8:06 am: Excited ISRO scientists are greeting each other. Truly a proud moment for India. Mission Director Keshavaraju is beaming.
8:04 am: Mars Mission successfully enters the Mars orbiter in its very first attempt.
8:02 am: Mars Mission successful. ISRO chairman confirms.
7:57 am: ISRO is known for its excellent project management capabilities.
7:53 am: The firing of engines must have been completed. Waiting for the message from the spacecraft to ISRO ground station.
7:51 am: If India succeeds in this, ISRO will send human beings to the outer space on its own.
7:47 am: India's Mars Mission is a giant leap for the space science. ISRO has achieved almost everything.
7:44 am: Four stations across the World are closely monitoring the progress of Mars Mission. Even NASA is watching it closely.
7:42 am: Most scientists at the ISRO have not slept for almost a week. They have been monitoring the progress non-stop, day and night.
7:41 am: ISRO expecting a confirmation by 8 o'clock. By 8-30 AM, ISRO can say whether the mission is successful.
7:37 am: All engines are going strong. Burning of fuel happenning.
7:36 am: Scientists at ISRO command centre look relaxed after Mars Mission sent confirmation that burning has started exactly at the same time.
7:31 am: Great moment. ISRO gets confirmation. Engines started burning as per the exact timeline. ISRO errupts in joy.
7:29 am: ISRO chairman Dr. K Radhakrishnan is personally leading the team of top space scientists. He is seated in the centre of the command panel.
7:28 am: Fingers crossed. The burning must have started. Tense faces at the ISRO waiting for the message from the spacecraft.
7:25 am: Mars Mission - To send and receive signals from Earth to Mars takes 12.5 minutes.
7:24 am: ISRO has an advantage. It is learning from the previous missions of USA, ESA and Russia.
7:23 am: India will be the first country to reach the Mars in its very first attempt. Even NASA failed to achieve that. Space is a risky business.
7:20 am: Mars Mission - All engines must have started burning, says ISRO. It has been flawless. ISRO says it is waiting for a final confirmation. Will burn out the fuel in 24 minutes and gets into Mars orbit.
7:14 am: PM Modi is being briefed by the ISRO scientists.
50

Ebola could infect more than a million  US warnsEbola could infect more than a million  US warns
Asian markets mixed in early trade on concern of Syria air strikesAsian markets mixed in early trade on concern of Syria air strikes
Indian shares seen lower on weak Asian stocks  foreign salesIndian shares seen lower on weak Asian stocks  foreign sales
Coal crisis poses hurdle to Modi s revival plansAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan Delhi   Edition: October 12, 2014
On the brink: NTPC's Dadri power plant, which had coal stock for only two days as of Sept 9 . Shekhar Ghosh /www.indiatodayimages.com
On September 9, when Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was busy campaigning for his nephew Tej Pratap at the family's pocket borough Mainpuri for the recent bypolls, his key officials were camping in two places for a task that could swing voters' mood in his favour. Their challenge was to secure coal supply for power plants in the state. Eight of 12 power plants had run out of fuel, with four facing a shutdown, and the government had to ensure there were no outages, at least until the votes had been cast.
Sluggish pace: A Coal India mine in Odisha. The state-run miner has consistently failed to meet demand. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
So, officials from the state's power generation company, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, went to Dhanbad in neighbouring Jharkhand, to meet Coal India executives in a desperate bid to resume coal supplies. Naxals had a few days earlier blown up the rail link in Latehar district of Jharkhand and coal was being diverted to Gomuh in Bihar before heading for UP, causing delays and shortages. Meanwhile, N.C. Bajpai, Vice Chairman of the state planning commission, and Sanjay Agarwal, Energy Secretary and Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, were in Delhi to lobby for additional supplies. The day ended with Yadav trading charges with Piyush Goyal, who holds independent charge of both power and coal ministries in the central government.
In Uttar Pradesh, power cuts of eight to 12 hours are common during summer, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. The industrial towns of Ghaziabad, Allahabad and Kanpur are also routinely facing power cuts of 12 hours. No wonder, then, that electricity supply - or the lack of it - had become an important election issue. Akhilesh Yadav has not made any noises about the coal shortage after the bypolls, but for Goyal the coal supply situation and its effect on the power sector is perhaps the biggest and most urgent problem that needs solving.
Click here to Enlarge
Even in the best of times, India manages to produce only 160 gigawatt of electricity out of its total installed capacity of 250 GW. This is largely because of fuel shortages, and coal is the fuel for most of these plants. The country lost more than 15 billion units of electricity due to non-availability of coal in the last two fiscal years, leading to a peak deficit of 15 per cent. A study by industry group FICCI estimates that power problems in 2011/12 caused a loss of $64 billion to the economy, or roughly 0.4 per cent of gross domestic product.
Much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans for industrial revival depends on his ambitious Make in India programme. But those plans will trip unless Goyal can sort out the coal mess and ensure 24/7 power to industrial units across the country. To get all the thermal power plants running at full steam, and also fuel the new plants that will be needed as more industries are set up and the power demand rises, Goyal will need to ensure that the country produces a minimum of one billion tonnes a year. This seems like an ambitious target at this moment, but more on that later.
The worry is that the fuel crisis is worsening and there are no short-term solutions in sight. In 2008, power plants had coal stocks of 10 days on average at the beginning of each month. By 2014, the average has come down to six days. According to the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority, the power ministry's technical wing, thermal power plants have to maintain coal stocks for 15 to 30 days. The agency's data published on coal supplies for September 10 showed that only 12 of 100 plants had stocks for 15 days and 64 plants that make up more than 40 per cent of the country's installed thermal capacity had stocks for a week or less. Since most coal is carried on railway wagons, even the slightest delay in coal supplies can shut down these plants and impact industrial output.
The irony is that India is sitting on an estimated 301 billion tonnes of coal reserves, according to government data. This is enough for another 200 years of India's needs. Yet, the country has been struggling to increase coal supplies to meet the growing requirements of its power and other industries. And while "Coalgate" - the term coined for irregularities in coal mine allocations to private players by past governments - is grabbing all the attention, this is the least of Goyal's problems. Even if the Supreme Court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would only affect 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year in the country. This is because only 40 of the 216 coal mines allocated to private players are actually being mined. The rest are still waiting for environmental or other clearances.
Click here to Enlarge
The bigger problem is that Coal India, the public-sector monopoly that produces 80 per cent of the coal in the country, has been unable to boost production dramatically to meet rising demand. Its annual production has inched up from 431.26 million tonnes in 2009/10 to an estimated 462.46 million tonnes in 2013/14. This has forced power companies to look for alternatives. Some bought coal mines abroad while others relied on gas supply from the Krishna-Godavari Basin, off the country's east coast. Neither option has succeeded. Imports have proved costly while gas supply from the KG basin has fallen drastically, leaving many gas-fired plants idle.
Because of the erratic power situation, companies across the country are depending on backup systems that increase costs. There is a surge in demand for solar power and diesel generation sets, says Kunwer Sachdev, Managing Director at inverter maker Su-Kam Power Systems. Coimbatore-based foundry owner Prabhu Gandhikumar says he shells out Rs 1.5 lakh more on diesel generation sets to run furnaces, in addition to the Rs 2.5-lakh electricity bill he pays. "If I get regular power supply, I will have to pay an additional few thousand rupees, but I can save whatever money I am spending now on diesel sets," he says.
Promises to Keep
In May, Prime Minister Modi formed a BJP-led government at the Centre after a thumping victory in Lok Sabha elections. One of his poll promises was to provide electricity access across the country. In a country where an estimated 30 crore people do not have access to electricity, it is a huge promise. As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi had ensured round-the-clock access to power, and turned around loss-making utilities. To implement his aim at the national level, Modi appointed banker-turned-politician Goyal as minister responsible for both coal and power.
Modi set Goyal the goal of increasing coal production to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. To achieve this target, coal production will have to grow by more than 18 per cent annually. This pace hasn't been achieved in the last decade. India also missed its target to ramp up coal output to 680 million tonnes by the end of the 11th five-year plan (2007-12), as production touched only 540 million tonnes in 2011/12. For perspective, China produces roughly 3.5 billion tonnes a year.
When Goyal took charge of the power ministry, he pushed for higher generation and that added to the fuel supply problem. "In the first three months of the new government - June, July and August - coal-based electricity generation rose 21 per cent," he said. "But the [coal] supply has gone up by only five or six per cent. The stocks are bound to fall," he said on September 7, blaming poor rainfall for the rise in demand for power and coal.
Game Plan
'The [government's] steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground' says Deepak Amitabh, CMD, PTC India. Photo: Vivan Mehra
In the last week of July, nominated Rajya Sabha MP Anu Aga gifted Goyal a book Power Struggle, authored by her late husband Rohinton Aga two decades ago. Goyal says he got several solutions to the coal supply problems from the book. One was optimum utilisation of coal and the second, rationalisation of supplies. On September 3, he allowed state-run NTPC and Gujarat government utilities to swap coal. NTPC, the country's biggest power generator, had been importing coal at ports in Gujarat for its Korba power plant in Chhattisgarh, whereas the Gujarat utilities were procuring it from Coal India's Korba mines. The power ministry believes the swapping arrangement would unclog coal supplies and help save Rs 400 crore to Rs 500 crore.
A coal ministry official says consultancy KPMG has been asked to analyse 200 mines and their supply linkages. "We are expecting more unclogging once the KPMG report comes," the official says. These steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground, says Deepak Amitabh, Chairman and Managing Director of power trading firm PTC India.
Goyal is pushing ageing power plants to upgrade, especially those which are more than 25 years old. "This will help utilities produce more power from the same amount of coal," says Ashok Khurana, Director General of the Association of Power Producers. Goyal is also working with the railway ministry to expedite work on rail lines to transport coal from mines to power plants. These include the 100-km long Tori-Shivpur-Hazaribagh track in Jharkhand, the Mand-Raigad track in Chhattisgarh, and a 100 to 120-km line between Bhupdevapur and Manoharpur in Orissa. These lines would facilitate evacuation of 60 million tonnes of coal by 2017/18 and up to 200 million tonnes by 2021/22 .
Besides, the Centre is looking to put in place a coal regulator. The previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had tabled a coal regulator bill in Parliament but it lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha. The coal ministry has now been asked to work out a "more powerful" coal regulator bill, which might be tabled in the next session. The regulator will likely be empowered to oversee auctioning of coal mines and will also keep an eye on the fuel's prices.
Many Problems, Few Solutions
In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India questioned the allocation of coal mines between 2004 and 2009 to companies without competitive bidding. At the time, the BJP was in opposition and had slammed the Congress-led UPA government for not auctioning the blocks. The Coalgate scandal has had several twists and turns since then. In August, the Supreme Court declared the 216 blocks allocated since 1993 as illegal. On September 9, the court reserved its order on the fate of the blocks and rejected a plea by steel and power producers to appoint a judicial commission to resolve the issue.
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the BJP's ideological parent, feels that the court ruling is a good opportunity to restart with a clean slate. "The government should come up with a policy which is well thought-out and does not come with a baggage," he says.
Coal ministry officials say they can, within six months, come out with a new policy for allocation of mining blocks once the Supreme Court pronounces its final order. Goyal says the government will comply with the court's verdict on the fate of the allocated blocks and will quickly act to ensure adequate coal supplies to all power plants. "I am confident that if at all there is a disruption, we will keep it to the bare minimum. There might be a short-term disruption but in the medium to long term, we will be able to open up many more [coal mines]," he says.
Some companies feel the court should not penalise them by cancelling the blocks because they were only following the government policy of the day. Other power producers, however, argue that auctions - like in the case of telecom spectrum - may not be a bad idea if it makes coal supply more reliable, although it could push up coal prices and power tariffs.
There are other risks as well if the apex court cancels the blocks. Kameswara Rao, Leader of Energy Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers' India chapter, says cancellation of the blocks would jeopardise a huge amount of bank loans these companies had taken on. Naveen Jindal, whose company Jindal Steel and Power and its subsidiaries face cancellation of 10 mines, says that investment worth Rs 4 lakh crore to develop the mines - otherwise discarded by Coal India - run the risk of going waste. "Of this, Rs 2.5 lakh crore is bank loans," he said. Other companies involved in the scandal include JSW Steel, Hindalco Industries, and NTPC.
The biggest hindrance to increasing coal production has been the delay in environmental and forest clearances. During the UPA regime, then-environment minister Jairam Ramesh's propagation of go and no-go areas for mining and later slow decision making by his successor Jayanthi Natarajan led to delays in approvals. When BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar took charge of the ministry, the message to him from Modi was clear - facilitate, mediate, but don't obstruct.
The ministry has now asked the Forest Survey of India (FSI) to review Ramesh's policy that had led to 30 per cent of coal-bearing areas coming under the no-go zones on environmental grounds. The no-go zone impacted 153 coal-bearing blocks in six states. Environment ministry officials told BT the FSI is changing the parameters fixed to determine these areas and may exclude some areas from the no-go zone. Javadekar told newsmen recently decision making in the environment ministry will now be quicker. "We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry," he said.
Even if the apex court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would affect only 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year
To make mining less polluting for the environment, Harry Dhaul, Secretary General of the Independent Power Producers' Association, suggests a renewed focus on underground mining. A Coal India official says India has 80 billion tonnes of reserves at a depth of 300 metres or more and that the government has asked Coal India to look into the possibility of increasing the contribution of underground mining in coal output to 30 per cent from three to four per cent currently.
'We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry' says Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment and Forests. Photo: M Zhazo
Executives from the coal and power industries believe that most steps the Modi government is taking to improve supplies are in the right direction. But not everyone is convinced the measures are enough. Prabir Neogi, CEO for new initiatives on fuel and power at Kolkata-based utility CESC, says it is yet to be seen what role the government envisages for private players in mining, whether they are allowed to do commercial mining or confined to the role of contractors. Neogi, who also heads FICCI's coal committee, says the long-term plan has to revolve around Coal India. Many believe the best solution to improve Coal India's productivity is to break it up into smaller units and make state governments stakeholders. Goyal, however, is not in favour of breaking up the mining behemoth.
It is clear, however, that the situation won't improve overnight. "There are no quick-fix solutions," says Neogi. "The government is plugging the gaps, but we will have to wait till at least March to see any improvement."

India creates history with its successful MarsmissionPrint
Scientists described the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. (Source: ISRO)
Written by Johnson T A | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:34 pm
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft successfully entered the orbit of Mars on Wednesday morning after a liquid motor engine fired effectively for a little over 24 minutes to impart a little over the required velocity of 1098 metres per second at 1099 metres per sec.
The $ 71 million mission, one of the cheapest undertaken by any space faring nation, puts ISRO among an elite league of three other space agencies to undertake a successful voyage to the Red Planet. The successful entry of the MOS into the orbit of Mars (further data is still awaited on the exact orbit achieved) makes India the first country to make it to Mars on its first attempt.
(Source: ISRO)
The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was intended to be placed in an elliptical orbit spanning 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars. The US space agency NASA which has 16 successful Mars mission to its credit placed its Maven spacecraft in 150 km X 6250 km orbit around Mars exactly two days ago.
The successful mission of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in attendance was greeted by cheers by scientists at ISRO’s mission operations centre 2 and was followed by the distribution of sweets.
“If our national cricket team wins a tournament the whole country celebrates. What our scientists have done is far greater,’’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi said following the success.
The Indian prime minister who appreciated the low cost nature of the project – costing less than the $ 100 million Hollywood movie Gravity – called on the scientists to continue to push their boundaries.  He said ISRO had carried out the MOS mission within three years of a feasibility study.
The Mars Orbit Insertion maneuver on Wednesday went to plan for ISRO with the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft triggering pre-loaded commands on the dot as prescribed by the pre-determined schedule. There were loud cheers in mission control when the liquid engine started firing at 7.17 AM and information was received in this regard at the earth stations at 7.30 AM.
The biggest cheers in mission control however emerged at 8.10 AM when first information came in from the spacecraft to indicate that the orbit insertion had gone to plan with the engine imparting the required thrust of 1098 metres/second during its 24 minute burst.
With Mars eclipsing the MOS for a period of nearly continued…

16 names added to UNs al-Qaida sanctionslistPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:58 am
A U.N. Security Council committee has added 16 names to its al-Qaida sanctions list, including one with ties to the Islamic State group.
Tuesday’s additions come after the council approved a resolution expanding the list’s scope to include people affiliated with the extremist group that has taken over a huge area of land in Syria and Iraq.
‘Abd al-Rahman Muhammad Mustafa al-Qaduli of Iraq has been listed as a senior Islamic State group official who rejoined the group in 2012 after his release from prison.
He and other individuals and entities added to the sanctions list face financial sanctions, a travel ban and arms embargo. The recent council resolution also urges the sanctions committee to consider listing more names of people who support the Islamic State group.

LIVE: India reaches Mars  Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this is an occasion forcelebrationISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:12 am | Updated: September 25, 2014 12:49 am
India scripted history on Wednesday with the success of its Mars mission . As the Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to the Red Planet in the first attempt. Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.
Here are the highlights:
9:03 am: Howdy @ MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around, tweets ISRO’s new Mars Orbiter Twitter Handle @MarsOrbiter
 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:44 am: 
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
8:40 am: If our cricket team wins 1 tournament country celebrates. This mission is thousand times bigger achievement: PM Modi
8.37 am: NASA congratulates ISRO:
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG
8.32 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says this day must be celebrated as ‘Anand Utsav’.
8.31 am: This has been achieved after years of hardwork and blessings/wishes of all Indians.
8.25 am: This too must become a base for challenging the next frontier, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.23 am: Our space programme has been an example of achievement, which inspires us to strive for excellence.
8.20 am: With your efforts and hard work, we have developed the habit of achieving the impossible, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tells ISRO scientists.
8.18 am: With every success, comes a new challenge, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.14 am: These are accomplishments that will go down in the pages of history, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.13 am: We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination, PM addresses ISRO scientists.
8.10 am: Mars has got a MOM today, always knew MOM will not let us down, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8.03 am: ISRO becomes fourth space agency to complete Mars mission. First in Asia and first to do it in first attempt.
8.00 am: India’s Mars mission a success as Mangalyan enters Mars orbit.
7.56 am: Scientists will wait for over a week before deploying science instruments on MOS. Camera will be used today for first pix.
7.55 am: Scientists glued to monitors eagerly awaiting data on whether MOS has gone into Mars orbit to plan of 423 km x 80,000 km.
7.50 am:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
7.49 am: The speed of the main engine is 1098.7 meters per second.
7.42 am:
Burn end? The firing must have been completed by now & MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication. pic.twitter.com/ztn42wHwfN
7.40 am: Mangalyaan entering into Mars orbit just a few hours after NASA’s Maven did.
7.31 am:

India creates history with its successful Mars missionPrint
Scientists described the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. (Source: ISRO)
Written by Johnson T A | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:34 pm
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft successfully entered the orbit of Mars on Wednesday morning after a liquid motor engine fired effectively for a little over 24 minutes to impart a little over the required velocity of 1098 metres per second at 1099 metres per sec.
The $ 71 million mission, one of the cheapest undertaken by any space faring nation, puts ISRO among an elite league of three other space agencies to undertake a successful voyage to the Red Planet. The successful entry of the MOS into the orbit of Mars (further data is still awaited on the exact orbit achieved) makes India the first country to make it to Mars on its first attempt.
(Source: ISRO)
The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was intended to be placed in an elliptical orbit spanning 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars. The US space agency NASA which has 16 successful Mars mission to its credit placed its Maven spacecraft in 150 km X 6250 km orbit around Mars exactly two days ago.
The successful mission of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in attendance was greeted by cheers by scientists at ISRO’s mission operations centre 2 and was followed by the distribution of sweets.
“If our national cricket team wins a tournament the whole country celebrates. What our scientists have done is far greater,’’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi said following the success.
The Indian prime minister who appreciated the low cost nature of the project – costing less than the $ 100 million Hollywood movie Gravity – called on the scientists to continue to push their boundaries.  He said ISRO had carried out the MOS mission within three years of a feasibility study.
The Mars Orbit Insertion maneuver on Wednesday went to plan for ISRO with the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft triggering pre-loaded commands on the dot as prescribed by the pre-determined schedule. There were loud cheers in mission control when the liquid engine started firing at 7.17 AM and information was received in this regard at the earth stations at 7.30 AM.
The biggest cheers in mission control however emerged at 8.10 AM when first information came in from the spacecraft to indicate that the orbit insertion had gone to plan with the engine imparting the required thrust of 1098 metres/second during its 24 minute burst.
With Mars eclipsing the MOS for a period of nearly continued…

Asia stcks hit by Syria strikes  lower yields check $Asia stocks hit by Syria air strikes, lower yields check dollar
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.21AM IST
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Asian stocks slipped on Wednesday as US-led air strikes in Syria curbed appetite for risky assets, while the dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official .
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street , MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.3 per cent.
The United States and its Arab allies bombed militant groups in Syria for the first time on Tuesday, opening a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances.
"If geopolitical concerns deepen, you can't expect Japanese markets alone to survive. The market could fall up to 10-15 per cent at most," said Akiko Miyazaki, director of stocks at Barclays in Tokyo .
The air strikes in Syria also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed US Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The dollar was down 0.2 per cent at 108.645 yen, after going as low as 108.25 yen overnight. The greenback has been on the back foot after scaling a six-year high of 109.46 on Friday.
The euro was little changed at $1.2854, limping away from the 14-month low of $1.2816 hit Monday.
Fed officials could offer more catalysts for currency markets, after Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota said on Tuesday the central bank can keep stimulating the US economy because inflation is posing little threat - comments the markets perceived as dovish.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester speaks later in the day.
"Fed officials will be in focus again today.. .if they do not give any hints that they are in a hurry to hike rates the dollar could lose more ground against the yen and present 109 as a ceiling," said Masafumi Yamamoto, market strategist for Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
In commodities, Brent crude oil slid, with ample global supplies outweighing tensions in the Middle East for the moment.
Brent was down 37 cents at $96.48 a barrel.
Gold dipped as a spike triggered by safe haven bids in the wake of the air strikes in Syria faded. Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,221.60 an ounce.
Copper was stuck near three-year lows, weighed after miner Newmont raised its supply forecast and by signs of fragility in the global economy.
Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was nearly flat at $6,719 a tonne after slumping to the lowest in three months on Monday at $6,707.25 a tonne.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Tune in to PM on Radio on October 3NEW DELHI, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 09:48 IST
Tune in to ‘PM on Radio’ on October 3
Anita Joshua
AP ‘PM On Radio’ will go on air at 11 a.m. on October 3, which as per a press release issued by the Prime Minister’s Office.
TOPICS
government
Continuing with his mode of “direct communication’’ with the people, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 3 will share his thoughts over radio. People have been advised by his office to share their comments and ideas on an open forum set up on MyGov – an online platform.
‘PM On Radio’ will go on air at 11 a.m. on October 3, as per a press release issued by the Prime Minister’s Office.
“Citizens should share ideas and best practices on development, good governance and other issues. The Prime Minister would refer to the open forum before the programme and may even refer to some of the points made on the forum,’’ the press release said.
As per an analysis on the responses received in the open forum for the Prime Minister’s radio address, 46.18 per cent of respondents suggested that he make it a monthly affair.
Through MyGov, the Modi government has already sought suggestions for a new name, logo and tagline for the Integrated Watershed Management Programme, National Land Records Modernisation Programme, and National Watershed Management Project.

Sensex  Nifty Flat Ahead of Coal Block VerdictYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat Ahead of Coal Block Verdict
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today in the early trade as traders remained cautious of the Supreme Court ruling on coal blocks.
The top court will pronounce its verdict at 2 pm on 218 blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it.
Weak global cues also weighed on Indian markets. Asian stocks slipped on Wednesday as US-led air strikes in Syria curbed appetite for risky assets, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
The Sensex was down 15 points to 26,760 while Nifty fell 5 points to 8,012.
SV Prasad, chairman of Chime Consulting, said that Indian markets are in a pause mode ahead of the Supreme Court verdict and weak global cues like the contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Besides that buying of Indian equities from foreign investors has also slowed. In the previous five sessions, foreign institution investors (FIIs) sold on average Rs 295 crore of Indian equities daily. In comparison, they bought on average Rs 393 crore daily between September 9-15 and Rs 990 crore between September 1-8.
Some defensive buying was seen in FMCG and healthcare stocks. Among Nifty gainers, ITC, Lupin and HUL were up between 0.8 per cent and 2 per cent.
The BSE metal index was down 0.3 per cent ahead of the court verdict. JSPL was down 1.6 per cent while Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite were down between 0.6 per cent and 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)

WTO Cuts 2014 Trade Growth Forecast to 3.1 Per CentYou are here: Home Economy
WTO Cuts 2014 Trade Growth Forecast to 3.1 Per Cent
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 23, 2014 22:46 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Geneva: Global commerce is set to expand by 3.1 per cent this year, the World Trade Organization (WTO) said on Tuesday, cutting its previous forecast of 4.6 per cent due to weak growth and demand.
The Geneva-based body also downgraded its forecast for trade growth in 2015 to 4 per cent from 5.3 per cent.
"International institutions have significantly revised their GDP forecasts after disappointing economic growth in the first half of the year," WTO chief Roberto Azevedo said in a statement.
"In light of this, the WTO's forecasts for trade growth have also been revised downwards for 2014 and 2015. Uneven growth and continuing geopolitical tensions will remain a risk for both trade and output in the second half of the year," he added.
Among the problems, the WTO said, are tensions over the Ukraine crisis pitting the European Union and the United States against Russia.
The resultant tit-for-tat trade measures have notably affected agricultural commodities.
Conflict in the Middle East is also stoking uncertainty, and could lead to a spike in oil prices if the security of supplies is threatened, the WTO said.
And the Ebola outbreak raging in west Africa has also sown panic over its economic impact in the region and potentially beyond, it added.
The WTO noted that growth and import demand was particularly muted in natural resource exporting regions such as South and Central America.
It also pointed to sluggish economic performances in the United States and Germany, which have sapped global import demand.
The 160 economies which make up the WTO set trade rules among themselves in an attempt to ensure a level playing field and spur growth by opening markets and removing trade barriers, including subsidies, excessive taxes and regulations.
But they have failed repeatedly to conclude the Doha Round of trade liberalisation talks launched in 2001 with the stated aim of underpinning development in poorer nations.
"This is a moment to remind ourselves that trade can play a positive role here. Cutting trade costs and broadening trade opportunities can be a key ingredient to reversing this trend," Mr Azevedo said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 21:55 (IST)

Mutual Funds NAV fell as markets slip on weak Eurozone dataSep 24, 2014, 09.16 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mutual Funds NAV fell as markets slip on weak Eurozone data
Mutual Funds across categories closed in red as market shattered on Tuesday with the benchmark indices falling 1.58 percent on weak Eurozone data and launch of air strikes against ISIS in Syria by US military.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mutual Funds NAV fell as markets slip on weak Eurozone data
Mutual Funds across categories closed in red as market shattered on Tuesday with the benchmark indices falling 1.58 percent on weak Eurozone data and launch of air strikes against ISIS in Syria by US military.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity Mutual Funds across categories decline as the market shattered on Tuesday with the benchmark indices falling 1.58 percent on weak Eurozone data and launch of air strikes against ISIS in Syria by US military. Performance wise, all the funds in the equity category closed in negative terrain. The sector funds performance  were also in line with markets breadth.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 431.05 points (the biggest fall since July 8, 2014) to close below the 27000-mark at 26775.69 while the 50-share NSE Nifty managed to hold the 8000 level, down 128.75 points at 8017.55. The broader markets too lost shine with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices 2-2.5 percent.
The fall was amid huge market turnover of more than Rs 6 lakh crore today. Experts believe the fall may extend a bit further due to weak global cues but upcoming positive events may cap that downside.
Among Fixed Income funds, funds across debt funds categories too decline. Ajay Manglunia of Edelweiss said, "The negative bias of the previous session is unlikely to extend further as underlying sentiment remains supported. The absence of key triggers can limit trading to a narrow range till the RBI policy review next week." "The 10-year benchmark is likely to trade in a range of 8.44-8.49 percent today," he added.
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers

Market may open flat with negative bias: SMC GlobalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market may open flat with negative bias: SMC Global
According to a report by SMC Global Securities, market may open flat with negative bias.
Post your opinion here
 
SMC Global Securities’ Technical Report:
The market is likely to open flat with a negative bias taking cues from weak global markets. Asian stocks declined in the aftermath of a weak dollar. USstocks mixed as geopolitical tensions rose in Syria and a weak report on Europe's economy fueled more investor jitters about global growth. As per provisional figures, foreign institutional investors (FIIs)/ Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1185.17 crore on 23rd September 2014. Domestic institutional investors bought shares worth Rs 325.7 crore on that day.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Mission To Mars: Indian Science Creates HistoryMission To Mars: Indian Science Creates History
India makes history with Mars mission successIndia makes history with Mars mission success
Rower Dushyant bags bronze in Asian GamesRower Dushyant bags bronze in Asian Games
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.03 per dollarIndian rupee opens lower at 61.03 per dollar
AI likely to pay 15% more premium to extend coverAI likely to pay 15% more premium to extend cover
Sensex trading flat due to weak global cuesSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid weak European cues.
After falling over 215 points in the late afternoon trade after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocation, the 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 31 points at 26,744.69.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE index Nifty, after declining below the 8,000 mark by falling 67.05 points or 0.84 per cent to 7,950.05, ended the session at 8,002.40, down 15.15 points.
Brokers said that the selling pressure was witnessed soon after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks, allotted since 1993. Besides, persistent selling by foreign funds also dampened the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 1,185.17 crore yesterday, as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Among BSE sectoral indices, capital goods index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, followed by realty 1.69 per cent, consumer durables 1.27 per cent and banking 1.08 per cent. On the other hand, FMCG index was up 1.75 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.55 per cent and oil & gas 0.23 per cent.
Coal India, HUL, Cipla, ITC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SBIN, Tata Steel, L&T, BHEL and TCS.
Most European stocks fell as a measure of German business confidence dropped and the dollar weakened from a four-year high.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slid 0.1 per cent and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.1 per cent at 9:55 a.m. in London.
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Manappuram Finance gains on nod for diversificationManappuram Finance gains on nod for diversification
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 09:49 AM IST
Manappuram Finance gained over 1.5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange to trade at Rs 29.60 after the company in a board meeting held yesterday, gave its nod to diversify into the business of micro finance and financing of commercial vehicles.
The Kerala based gold loan firm will enter the micro finance business by acquiring existing companies engaged in the activity, the company has stated in a note to the exchange.
The stock opened at Rs 29.50 and has hit a high of Rs 29.90 and a low of 29.30 thus far. Nearly six lakh shares have changed hands on the BSE and NSE thus far.

Markets open on a cautious note; RIL  Infosys up 0.5%Markets extend losses; Nifty slips below 8,000
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Markets extended losses after the first hour of trade as investors turned cautious and trimmed position ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts tomorrow.  Further, investors are also adopting a wait-and-watch stance ahead of the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations later today.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 91 points at 26,684 and the 50-share Nifty was down 27 points at 7,990.
TCS, L&T, HDFC and Tata Motors were down 1-2% contributing the most to the Sensex losses.
Oil shares which had firmed up in early trades were trading lower amid uncertainty over gas pricing. Reliance Industries and ONGC were down 0.5-0.7% each.
Among other shares, Manappuram Finance gained over 1.5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange to trade at Rs 29.60 after the company in a board meeting held yesterday, gave its nod to diversify into the business of micro finance and financing of commercial vehicles.
Shares of Thermax has surged more than 4% to Rs 926 on the BSE after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions (TBWES), a joint venture of Pune based capital goods manufacturer Thermax and U.S.based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG), received an export order from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
JSW Energy gained 2% to trade at Rs 75.75 in the opening hour after the company informed that one of its joint ventures, Barmer Lignite Mining Company, has received environmental clearance from Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for a duration of four years.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was down 1.3% and Small-cap index was down 1.5%.
Market breadth was negative with 1,537 losers and 681 gainers on the BSE.
__________________________________
(Updated at 9:35AM)
Markets opened marginally higher led by oil and select financials but upside gains are likely to be capped ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts tomorrow. Further, selling by foreign funds also weighed on sentiment.
At 9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 40 points at 26,816 and the 50-share Nifty was up 15 points at 8,032.
Foreign portfolio investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,185 crore in the cash market and sold index futures worth Rs 316 crore, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court is expected to deliver its final verdict on coal mine allocations later today.
The rupee was trading lower at Rs 60.99 compared to the previous close of Rs 60.94. On Tuesday, the rupee fell by 12 paise to end at one-week low of 60.94 against the US dollar on month-end demand from importers and sharp decline in domestic stock markets.
In Asia, stocks tracked an overnight decline on Wall Street and dipped early on Wednesday, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2%, sliding to a fresh four-month low.
Japanese markets re-opened for trading after a public holiday on Tuesday. Shares in Japan were trading with marginal losses down 0.4% while Singapore's Straits Times was down 0.1%.
However, shares in China and Hong Kong rebounded today. Both the Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng were up 0.4-0.8% each.
U.S. stocks fell overnight, weighed by downbeat European data and as the first U.S.-led air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters dampened investor risk appetite.
The air strikes in Syria, which opened a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances, also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed U.S. Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.68%, to 17,056, the S&P 500 lost 0.58%, to 1,988 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.42%, to 4,509.
BSE IT, Healthcare, FMCG indices were among the top gainers along with Bankex, Oil and Gas indice.
Index heavyweights ITC, Reliance Industries and Infosys were up 0.5-0.8% each contributing the most to the Sensex gains in early trades.
Other gainers include, M&M, Sun Pharma, Wipro and HUL among others.
Market breadth was strong with 901 gainers and 625 losers on the BSE.

Metal stocks dip ahead of SC verdict on coal blocksMetal stocks dip ahead of SC verdict on coal blocks
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Metal stocks such as Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite, National Mineral Development Corporation, JSW Steel, Bhushan Steel and Jindal Steel are down between 0.5-5% on the BSE ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
 
Earlier, the Centre had requested the Supreme Court not to cancel the permits for 46 coal blocks that were functioning or were about to start production.
 
Hindalco is witnessing pressure with regard to the Mahan Coal block allocated to Hindalco eight years ago to feed its aluminium plant in Madhya Pradesh.
 
With regards to Jindal Steel and Power it is the Utkal B1 block. JSPL needs access to coal from Utkal B1 mine for its steel and power project at Angul in Odisha.
Meanwhile, BSE Metal index is quoting at 1,1679 down 25 points or 0.3%

Apple Says It Sold Record 10 Million New iPhonesApple Says It Sold Record 10 Million New iPhones
Reuters
reddit
A customer tries out an iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple Inc. George Street store during the sales launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Sydney, Australia, on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. Apple stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of the latest iPhones, indicating healthy demand for the bigger-screen smartphones. Photographer: Lisa Maree Williams/Bloomberg via Getty Images
(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.
The phones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, drew more than 4 million pre-orders on Sept. 12, more than double the 2 million orders for the company's iPhone 5 model in the same period two years ago.
Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, based on the first-day pre-orders.
Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the first weekend. Sales of the new models in China have been delayed by regulatory issues.
(Reporting by Soham Chatterjee in Bangalore; Editing by Ted Kerr)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
of

Here s The Science Behind Why Leaves Change Color In Fallreddit
Yes, people have been drinking pumpkin spice lattes for a month now . But fall doesn't begin officially until tonight, when autumnal equinox arrives. That means shorter days, cozy sweaters, and of course brilliant foliage.
But have you ever wondered why leaves change color in the fall, and why they turn so many different hues, from yellow and orange to crimson and finally to brown?
As a new American Chemical Society video explains, it's all about the activity of chlorophyll , a pigment that makes leaves green and which plays a critical role in photosynthesis.
Check out the video above, which is the latest installment in the society's Reactions YouTube series. Happy Autumn!
Also on HuffPost:

Chinese troops intrude 3 kilometres into Indian territoryEYE BROWSE
Chinese troops intrude three kilometres into Indian territory
Top government sources admitted for the first time that the PLA troops were holding positions around three kilometres inside Indian territory in the Chumar region along the LAC.
Mail Today –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The great bonhomie generated between Asia’s giants at Ahmedabad and New Delhi is withering away in the windswept cold desert of Ladakh.
Monday marked three days from Chinese President Xi Jinping’s departure after wrapping up a successful visit to India, but it was also the 12th day of a border stand-off between the two nations in Ladakh.
Further, it was the day that Army Chief General Dalbir Singh postponed his visit to Bhutan as the stand-off with Chinese troops at Chumar on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in  eastern Ladakh remained unresolved.
The only positive development was the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) commenting for the first time on the border tussle, saying that both sides can resolve such issues through dialogue.
Top government sources admitted for the first time that the PLA troops were holding positions around three kilometres inside Indian territory in the Chumar region along the LAC.
“They are claiming it as their territory and asking us to go back. But our forces have been instructed not to move back,” a senior government official said.
Officials privy to the situation on the ground said that if disputed areas are taken into account, the intrusion could be much more.
“If we consider the area that we claim has been occupied by China, then they are around 10 km inside,” the official said.
Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju was briefed by the chief of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP), which holds Indian positions in Chumar area.
With the Chinese not retreating and the situation remaining tense, the government could send in reinforcements to strengthen Indian positions, said sources.
According to the assessment in New Delhi, the way forward from this situation is to find a face-saving arrangement.
China has brought its soldiers right up to the border in Chumar, which led to a build-up by India. If both sides agree, there can be simultaneous withdrawal.
It is more difficult for China to sustain its troops as their supply lines are deeper, said officials. There are already signs of difficulties being faced by the other side.
There are around eight battalions of ITBP comprising nearly 8,000 personnel in the region.
“We have decided to put more boots on the ground but we will not retreat,” a government official said. In addition, the Army has around 15 battalions in the area. Around 1,800 Indian soldiers face an estimated 800 Chinese troops in the stand-off zone.
General Dalbir Singh was scheduled to be in Bhutan on Monday for a three-day visit, but he preferred to stay in New Delhi as the situation was still evolving, with India prepared to strengthen its build-up even more if the Chinese side shows no signs of relenting.
The Army chief’s presence in New Delhi is significant, particularly when Defence Minister Arun Jaitley is unwell and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is preparing to leave for the US.
Amid suspense in New Delhi over the next move, China for the first time officially reacted to the recent border incidents, saying there are differing perceptions of the LAC but the two sides could resolve boundary issues through dialogue.
This is the first time in 12 days, since the stand-off was reported on September 10, that the Chinese Ministry of Defence has commented on the incidents.
China said its troops had always strictly observed relevant agreements between the two countries.
“The two sides can properly resolve issues arising in the border areas through dialogue and consultations,” it said in a statement to PTI.
The Chinese side referred to a joint statement issued at the end of President Xi Jinping’s recent visit to India that said the two countries wished to build a closer developmental partnership and recognised peace and tranquillity in the China-India border areas as an important guarantor for development and continued growth of bilateral relations.
“We are willing to work with the Indian side to earnestly implement the important consensus agreed upon by the leaders of the two countries and work together to maintain peace and tranquillity in the China- India border areas,” the statement said.
The comment was perceived as a positive development as it was backed by Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunving, who claimed President Xi’s visit to India had removed some suspicions between the two sides.
The spokesperson reiterated the stress on a political resolution of the border issue through talks.
Recommend

Jadavpur University crisis: Trinamool youth wing holds counter rallypicture  others
Jadavpur University crisis: Trinamool youth wing holds counter rally
Trinamool Congress Chatra Parishad (TMCP) took out a rally to counter the procession which students of Jadavpur University took out on September 19. The procession which began from Academy of Fine Arts continued up to Mayo Road where police stopped them. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
The posters were worded against negativity and motivated peace and development. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
The girls also actively participated in the rally. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
There were posters alleging a tie-up between Maoists and CPM. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
The TMC’s student wing leads the rally. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
A sit-in demonstration followed, with allegations that the protests at JU were “politically fuelled”. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Related

Brazilian markets look for Silva liningBrazilian markets look for Silva lining
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c81e20c-42ef-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Domestic steel production grows by 1.7% for AugustIndia's steel production outstrips world average for August, at 1.7%
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:50 IST
Domestic steel output stood at 7.02 million tonnes for August (Photo: Reuters)
The country's steel production growth rate far outstripped the world average in August clocking a 5.2 per cent jump at 7.02 million tonnes (MT).
According to World Steel Association, global production rose by an average of 1.4 per cent in August to stand at 135 MT compared to the same month in the previous year.
While domestic steel output growth was spectacular mainly due to higher production by major producers, global average remained subdued during the reporting month primarily because of relatively lower production by China, which is the world's largest producer of the alloy.
Even in July, Chinese steel production grew by 1.5 per cent. Reporting a mere one per cent growth, China produced 69 MT steel in August 2014 compared to 68.2 MT in the same month a year ago, WSA data revealed.
However, for the January-August period, global average of the growth in steel production looked better at 2.4 per cent against the country's average of 1.8 per cent. During the eight-month period, world's steel production rose to 1,096 MT compared to domestic production of around 56 MT.
China produced 550 MT steel during the period.
At the end of the eight months of current year, India's position remained static among major steel producing nations at the fourth slot preceded by China, Japan and the United States.
For the last four years, the country's position in the world steel order has remained constant at the fourth slot. China's production growth rate during the first eight months was the highest at 2.6 per cent among the main steel producing nations.

Sensex  Nifty log biggest fall in over two monthsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty log biggest single-day fall in over two months
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 17:10 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
In their worst single-day fall in over two months, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday tumbled 431 points and Nifty tanked 129 points on massive selling by foreign funds and retail investors in bluechips amid weak global cues.
The 30-share BSE Sensex after remaining range-bound at start, dipped below the 27,000-mark as blue-chip stocks lost ground.
Selling intensified largely in tandem with a weak trend in the global markets and it finally settled 431.05 points, or 1.58 per cent, lower to close at 26,775.69. This is its worst drop since July 8 when Sensex had plummeted 517.97 points.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty dropped 128.75 points, or 1.58 per cent, to close below 8,100 mark at 8,017.55 after moving between 8,159.75 and 8,008.10 intra-day. Tueasday's drop is also Nifty's worst show since July 8 when it lost 163.95 points.
Besides, caution ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment on Thursday saw participants reducing their positions, traders said.
All the sectoral indices led by realty, oil and gas and metal ended in the negative zone with strong profit-taking seen in recent outperforming sectors including banking, healthcare, capital goods, auto and IT stocks.
Selling was heavier in small-cap and mid-cap stocks with their indices falling up to 2.48 per cent, after posting handsome gains in Monday's session.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards today. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India (CIL) fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 4.91 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas down 2.58 per cent, Capital Goods 2.40 per cent and Metal 2.33 per cent, among others.
Globally, major markets in Asia ended down and European markets were weak in their opening trades. A survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half-year low, which also unnerved investors.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 186.41 crore on Monday.

Relations with Narendra Modi  sacred   says Rajnath SinghE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Overseas Funds Seek to Buy 30% Stake in Aditya Birla Retail: ReportSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: L Capital, Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corp are in advanced talks to buy a 30 per cent stake in the retail arm of Aditya Birla Group for about $400-500 million (Rs 2400-3000 crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees), two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity funds are looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail, which includes apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
"The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap," one of the sources said.
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources further said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
Temasek and Aditya Birla Group declined to comment.
L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and World Bank unit IFC were not immediately available for comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 19:17 (IST)

J Sainsbury slides on trading fears© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d30799e-433f-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lotus Fertilizers to acquire SPIC sharesUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:06 IST
Lotus Fertilizers to acquire SPIC shares
N. Anand
company information
Lotus Fertilizers Private Ltd. will be acquiring 13.75 per cent equity shares of Southern Petrochemicals Industries Corporation (SPIC) from FICON Holdings through inter-se transfer.
The acquirer, in a notification to the National Stock Exchange, has informed that they would be acquiring 2.80 crore equity shares of SPIC from FICON Holdings at a rate of Rs.22 per share.
Lotus Fertilizers and FICON Holdings are subsidiaries of the same holding company. FICON Holdings is disclosed as a promoter of SPIC, said the notification.
After the acquisition, the shareholding of FICON Holdings would get reduced to 7.70 per cent from 21.45 per cent, while that of Lotus Fertilizers would stand at 13.75 per cent.

Testing the limits of divergenceSeptember 23, 2014 7:29 pm
Divergence as an approach can only go so far
Like any trade, its success depends on what is already priced in
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd0296ce-4338-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More women tech founders win fundingMore women win venture capitalist backing in Silicon Valley
By Sarah Mishkin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4700e658-2e1f-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live: Mars Mission successful  ISRO confirmsUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:11 IST
India makes a mark in Mars
Tweet
Reuters Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi on screens after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, in Bangalore on Wednesday, September 24, 2014.
AP ISRO scientists celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore.
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
AP Indian Space Research Organisation scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014.
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
ISRO's Mars orbiter becomes first spacecraft to enter Martian orbit in maiden attempt
From 'Congratulations ISRO' to 'Howdy Curiosity' here's how India's Mars Mission scored big on Twitter .
15.02: Nimisha (@nim2391); Bhakt Repeller (@BhaktRepeller); Sherin Johnson (@i_sherin) ask how is the Mars Mission going to impact common man's life.
Executing an interplanetary mission is no simple feat. Being able to do it provides the impetus for more investment in space research as well as could herald an uptick in foreign investment. Expansion of spacefaring capabilities means development of better launch systems to launch more sophisticated scientific payloads, as well as, in the long run, giving India a foot in the door when it comes to hardcore interplanetary exploration and colonization, far though in the future that may be.
14:59: Many Bollywood stars took to Twitter to congratulate ISRO on its historic feat. Read here
14:56: Question from Facebook follower Dharmateja Challa: Will the data will be made public ? It would be great if they do so for scientific community?
Depends on institutional plans for the data because each instrument on the payload has been designed and manufactured by different institutions around India, led by various scientists. If the corresponding institute has plans to release data, then sure.
14.50: Mr. Mallikarjuna Konduri (@elKondorPasa) asks: will ISRO use rest of fuel for gaining a stabler orbit and extend the mission period?
Mission period doesn't depend on orbit stability as far as extension is concerned.
13: 30: Facebook follower Gautam Reddy: Now that ISRO is competing on par with it's contemporaries, Is ISRO having any plans for a Space Station?
There are no known plans for a space station. That would be too ambitious considering the kind of resources such an installation requires.
11.57: Satheesh Sellam (@SatheeshSellam) asked us this question: If we have successful cryo GSLV vehicle, the complexity of taking the satellite out of earth gravity is considered less?
We've had one successful test of the cryogenic engine. It's too soon to say how future missions will pan out, although that one test was encouraging. Also, having such an engine doesn't make it easier in the general sense but gives us the ability to launch heavier - and therefore more sophisticated - payloads into orbit, especially the geostationary transfer orbit.
11.36: Vaibhav Pratap Singh (@NooseVP) had posted a question on Twitter to us asking the difference between ISRO's Mars orbiter and NASA's Maven. Here's the answer:
There are some overlaps in terms of MAVEN's and MOM's objectives. Both are equipped with instruments that will provide a clearer picture of the Martian atmosphere. The Curiosity rover's next phase of operations includes investigating the possible presence of life in Mars' history and this means finding signs of water by looking for minerals that could have formed only in the presence of water. MAVEN will assist in this by looking for isotopic signatures, which is something MOM will do as well. The reason both probes are there right now is because of a certain window that comes once in 26 months that reduces the distance between Earth and Mars, making it a good opportunity to launch probes in this window.
10.45: "The periapsis achieved was 427 km and the apoapsis was 78,500 km. The final values will be obtained after several hours," Mission Director, MOM, V. Kesava Raju says. Read here
10.15:
History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists http://t.co/RNbacKjB5q #Mangalyaan
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 24, 2014
10.10: Watch: India scripts history with Mars Mission
10.06: India’s first rocket launch pad, the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station, Thumba, Kerala, was in a coconut plantation. A local church served as main office, the bishop’s house was converted into a workshop and a cattleshed the research lab! Surely, we’ve come a long way!
10.00: Mars Orbiter Mission: Timeline of events
9. 34: Home Minister Rajnath Singh wishes Team ISRO
Congratulations to ISRO scientists who successfully launched India's 'Mangalyaan' into Mars Orbit. They have scripted history today!
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
9. 20: Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares. Read In Depth aticle about the mission
8.47:
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
8.36: PM Modi concludes his speech with quote from Tagore.
8.35: This achievement is far greater than a cricket win: PM Modi
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
8.33: India is now the first country to succeed at a Mars Mission in the first attempt & cheapest cost: PM
8.29: Modern India must continue. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8. 28:
Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.23: Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building: PM Modi
8.22: Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8.13:
— The Hindu (@TheHindu) September 24, 2014
8: 12:
Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.05: PM Modi felicitates the scientists. "Scientists have gone beyond the boundaries of humar enterprise."
7.59: Occultation over. Mars Mission successful, ISRO Chairman confirms.
Great to hear from you.....welcome to Mars @isro !! #DSNNow pic.twitter.com/6zSrFHj7lr
7: 53:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
— ISRO (@isro) September 24, 2014
7.48: The firing must have been completed by now and MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication.
7.46: The spacecraft is now out of range of radio signals. It has gone behind Mars, in what is called as occultation/eclipse.Occultation is loss of signal due to the orbiter being on the 'dark side' of Mars.
7.38: In about half hour, ISRO is expected to get the first confirmation from NASA's ground station in Canberra, Australia.
7.31: All engines of the Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn start confirmed. Scientific community celebrate the confirmation message.
7.17: Burn must have started. All engines must have started firing by now. Stand by for confirmation. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m.
ISRO Chairman Dr. Radhakrishnan and Director and chariman of Spacecraft Authorisation Board Kiran Kumar waiting for confirmation of the Burn.
7.16: Mars Orbiter is now in the shadow of Mars.
7.12: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at ISRO to witness the historic event. ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan welcomes the PM
7.11: Mars Orbiter start of forward rotation is confirmed: ISRO
7.08: The Liquid Engine Burn is set to begin in a few minutes now.
7.02: Here's all you need to know about the Mars Orbiter Mission
6.56: Forward rotation must have begun, ISRO says. It is required to align the direction of firing for effective braking. Confirmation will reach after 12.5 minutes.
6.50: ISRO Chairman, in an exlcusive interview to The Hindu, talks about the agency's Plan A and Plan B for MOI. Read here
6.43: The result of Mars Orbit Insertion will be available only at about 8:30 a.m.
6.35: The orbiter’s propulsion system, called the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
6.31:
(Image courtesy: ISRO)
6.24: An exclusive interview with ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the MOI manoeuvre.
6.19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Bangalore late Tuesday and is expected to stay in the ISTRAC complex till 9 a.m. and address Team ISRO.
6.15: Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. today.

McD s  Coke and others to stop targeting kid...ads and promotions
(Top food and beverages firms,…)
NEW DELHI: Top food and beverages firms, including Mondelez and McDonald's, have committed to stop advertising and promotional activities targeted at children below 12 years across platforms as part of a new global pledge to step up responsible marketing .
While these multinationals, including Unilever, Nestle, Mondelez, McDonald's, CocaCola, PepsiCo, Kellogg, Mars and Ferrero, already had a mandate on responsible advertising, it was largely restricted to mass advertising on television and print. Now they have extended restrictions on advertising to children to cover outdoor ads, radio, cinema, direct marketing, mobile and SMS marketing, interactive games, DVDCD-ROM and product placement.
So far, there were no restrictions on below-the-line advertising aimed at children through promotions, tie-ups with cartoon characters or joint promotions at events targeting children.
"We have now conveyed the new guidelines to our ad agencies and legal teams," said the CEO of one of the firms that made the commitment under the International Food & Beverage Alliance (IFBA). The firms have sent a commitment to the World Health Organisation to comply with the new norms by 2016.
Currently some of these firms target children in their advertisements and promotions in India from time to time.
Mondelez's Oreo biscuits and Nestle's Maggi noodles and pasta, for example, show children in their ads and frequently run below-the-line promotions targeted at the children.
While Nestle did not respond to an email query as of press time, a Mondelez India spokesperson claimed the firm's marketing, advertising and media strategy is aligned to guidelines on responsible advertising and marketing to children as per the earlier IFBA pledge signed four years ago.
"We will continue to abide by commitments made by Mondelez International," she said.
Under its new commitment, McDonald's will have to stop targeting children with its Happy Meals toys. While beverage firms Coca-Cola and PepsiCo do not show children below 12 in their mass advertising, going forward, they will now have to desist from promotional tie-ups with, for example, cartoon characters.
Santosh Desai, social commentator and MD and CEO at Futurebrands, said, "Such steps would help the firms safeguard themselves from public scrutiny, which is critical in these times."
Social activist and Centre for Science & Environment director general Sunita Narain, however, said only regulatory steps will stop marketers from targeting children. "All over the world, there are numerous examples which show that voluntary guidelines don't work.Guidelines need to be regulatory and celebrity endorsements should be completely stopped for junk food," said Narain whose pesticide charges hit sales of Coca-Cola and PepsiCo sales in 2003 and 2006.
The firms' new commitments under IFBA include reducing sugar, sodium, and saturated fats content to comply with min imum global criteria, dis playing nutri tional informa tion not only on packs but al so at points of sale, clamping down on all ad vertising and promotions di rected at chil dren not only on television ening so far, but which was happening so far, but also on radio, theatres, social media, licensed characters, mobile, product placement in films, and even celebrities that appeal to children under 12.
Companies using licensed characters and movie tie-ups aimed mainly at children under-12 will do so only for products meeting specific nutrition criteria. The other criteria will include extending workplace wellness programmes towards including smokefree environment, healthy dining choices and nutrition information to staff.
"In 2008, our companies came together around a commitment to take collective global action in key areas on diet, physical activity and health," read a letter to WHO director-general Margaret Chan signed by CEOs of 11 firms including Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Muhtar Kent of Coca-Cola, Unilever's Paul Polman, Nestle's Paul Bulcke and Don Thompson of McDonald's.
"But we understand that greater efforts must be made and our strategies going forward will include all media, product reformulation and innovation which we will publically declare and detailed consumer information," said the letter a copy of which was reviewed by ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi may announce merger of OCI & PIO cardsNarendra Modi
(It has been learnt that Modi could…)
NEW DELHI: The government has decided to make a decision taken by the UPA government into reality by merging OCI (overseas citizen of India) and PIO (persons of Indian origin) cards and the announcement is expected to be made by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he visits the USA and addresses the Indian community.
The UPA government had decided couple of years back to merge the cards but could not make it a reality. ET has learnt that principal secretary to the PM Nripendra Misra had convened a meeting of the Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs officials on Tuesday to brainstorm the matter ahead of Modi's US trip.
It was decided that there will be a speedy implementation of the merger of the two cards to facilitate travel of Indians staying abroad and their participation in various activities here.
It has been learnt that Modi could make a concrete announcement regarding merger of the cards during his public meetings and engagements with members of the Indian American community in the US later this week and early next week.
Besides meeting a select group of top Indian Americans, he addresses the Indian community in Madison Square Park and will meet representatives of the Sikh community in North America. He will also attend a dinner reception at The Pierre, a luxurious heritage hotel owned by India's Taj hotels, hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar, where members of the Indian American community will be present.
America houses largest number of Indians anywhere in the world and many of whom have grown in influence and stature over the years. Indian Americans comprise about 2.81 million people, about 1% of the US population, the country's thirdlargest self-reported Asian ancestry group after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans, according to American Community Survey of 2010 data.
"The Indian Americans have contributed heavily to Modi's electoral success and presenting his case in the USA. They figure high on Modi's agenda and the PM would like to involve them more in India's growth story," a government source said.
PIO cards are issued to Indians who have been staying abroad for couple of generations while OCI cards are given to those who are more recent migrants and have taken citizenships in other countries. The OCI cards are practically visas that enable its holders to enter India for an indefinite period, while PIO card holders have to apply for separate visas. The merger of these two cards could make PIO card holders also eligible for the benefits that are enjoyed by OCI card holders.
It was envisaged that merger of the card would facilitate visa-free travel to India, rights of residency and participation in business and educational activities in the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India fare poorly in 50m rifle prone women s finalsIndia fare poorly in 50m rifle prone women s finals
Educomp Solutions rallies 10% on talks to sell its B-schools to AB GroupEducomp Solutions rallies 10% on talks to sell its business schools to AB Group
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 09.31AM IST
(At 09:25 a.m.; Educomp Solutions…)
NEW DELHI: Educomp Solution Ltd rallied 10 per cent in trade on Wednesday on reports that the Aditya Birla Group has been in talks to acquire the schools business of Educomp Solutions, once the country's largest diversified education service provider, as the debt-laden company has been restructuring its business portfolio to deleverage its balance sheet.
At 09:25 a.m.; Educomp Solutions was trading 7.3 per cent higher at Rs 34.90. It hit a low of Rs 34.75 and a high of Rs 35.75 in trade today.
GEMS Education - spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey - and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country, ET reported.
"Educomp has, as part of restructuring, allocated for strategic investments in some of its businesses that increase shareholder value. Educomp's schools business is the leading business of its kind in the sector and generates interest in normal course among investors. However, there is no such proposal under active consideration at this time," the spokesperson told ET.
Currently, the schools business has Rs 919 crore in net debt. As per the annual report figures, in fiscal 2014, it posted a turnover of Rs 84 crore and a loss of Rs 130 crore.
Sources said it is looking to raise around Rs 1,500 crore through this sale process and such rich valuations is unlikely to find any favour with the potential suitors, said the ET report.
Even parent Educomp Solutions - which also underwent a separate debt recast --has been magnetising several of its noncore operations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax gains on securing order worth Rs 339 croreThermax gains on securing order worth Rs 339 crore
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 09:51 AM IST
Shares of Thermax has surged more than 4% to Rs 926 on the BSE after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions (TBWES), a joint venture of Pune based capital goods manufacturer Thermax and U.S.based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG), received an export order from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project. 
 
The contract value is approximately Rs 339 crore.
 
The contract, booked in the second quarter of 2014, involves detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of boiler pressure parts, critical piping, pulverisers, plate work for casing, ducts and hoppers. The contract also includes the supply of ancillary items, including valves, dampers, expansion joints and instrumentation items. Detailed engineering and supply of material are scheduled to be completed within 21 months for the first unit and 24 months for the second unit.
 
The stock opened at Rs 935, touched a high of Rs 950 and a low of Rs 922 on the BSE so far. Aa total of 14,934 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.

Coal crisis impedes Modi s  Make in India  plansAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan Delhi   Edition: October 12, 2014
On the brink: NTPC's Dadri power plant, which had coal stock for only two days as of Sept 9 . Shekhar Ghosh /www.indiatodayimages.com
On September 9, when Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was busy campaigning for his nephew Tej Pratap at the family's pocket borough Mainpuri for the recent bypolls, his key officials were camping in two places for a task that could swing voters' mood in his favour. Their challenge was to secure coal supply for power plants in the state. Eight of 12 power plants had run out of fuel, with four facing a shutdown, and the government had to ensure there were no outages, at least until the votes had been cast.
Sluggish pace: A Coal India mine in Odisha. The state-run miner has consistently failed to meet demand. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
So, officials from the state's power generation company, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, went to Dhanbad in neighbouring Jharkhand, to meet Coal India executives in a desperate bid to resume coal supplies. Naxals had a few days earlier blown up the rail link in Latehar district of Jharkhand and coal was being diverted to Gomuh in Bihar before heading for UP, causing delays and shortages. Meanwhile, N.C. Bajpai, Vice Chairman of the state planning commission, and Sanjay Agarwal, Energy Secretary and Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, were in Delhi to lobby for additional supplies. The day ended with Yadav trading charges with Piyush Goyal, who holds independent charge of both power and coal ministries in the central government.
In Uttar Pradesh, power cuts of eight to 12 hours are common during summer, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. The industrial towns of Ghaziabad, Allahabad and Kanpur are also routinely facing power cuts of 12 hours. No wonder, then, that electricity supply - or the lack of it - had become an important election issue. Akhilesh Yadav has not made any noises about the coal shortage after the bypolls, but for Goyal the coal supply situation and its effect on the power sector is perhaps the biggest and most urgent problem that needs solving.
Click here to Enlarge
Even in the best of times, India manages to produce only 160 gigawatt of electricity out of its total installed capacity of 250 GW. This is largely because of fuel shortages, and coal is the fuel for most of these plants. The country lost more than 15 billion units of electricity due to non-availability of coal in the last two fiscal years, leading to a peak deficit of 15 per cent. A study by industry group FICCI estimates that power problems in 2011/12 caused a loss of $64 billion to the economy, or roughly 0.4 per cent of gross domestic product.
Much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans for industrial revival depends on his ambitious Make in India programme. But those plans will trip unless Goyal can sort out the coal mess and ensure 24/7 power to industrial units across the country. To get all the thermal power plants running at full steam, and also fuel the new plants that will be needed as more industries are set up and the power demand rises, Goyal will need to ensure that the country produces a minimum of one billion tonnes a year. This seems like an ambitious target at this moment, but more on that later.
The worry is that the fuel crisis is worsening and there are no short-term solutions in sight. In 2008, power plants had coal stocks of 10 days on average at the beginning of each month. By 2014, the average has come down to six days. According to the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority, the power ministry's technical wing, thermal power plants have to maintain coal stocks for 15 to 30 days. The agency's data published on coal supplies for September 10 showed that only 12 of 100 plants had stocks for 15 days and 64 plants that make up more than 40 per cent of the country's installed thermal capacity had stocks for a week or less. Since most coal is carried on railway wagons, even the slightest delay in coal supplies can shut down these plants and impact industrial output.
The irony is that India is sitting on an estimated 301 billion tonnes of coal reserves, according to government data. This is enough for another 200 years of India's needs. Yet, the country has been struggling to increase coal supplies to meet the growing requirements of its power and other industries. And while "Coalgate" - the term coined for irregularities in coal mine allocations to private players by past governments - is grabbing all the attention, this is the least of Goyal's problems. Even if the Supreme Court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would only affect 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year in the country. This is because only 40 of the 216 coal mines allocated to private players are actually being mined. The rest are still waiting for environmental or other clearances.
Click here to Enlarge
The bigger problem is that Coal India, the public-sector monopoly that produces 80 per cent of the coal in the country, has been unable to boost production dramatically to meet rising demand. Its annual production has inched up from 431.26 million tonnes in 2009/10 to an estimated 462.46 million tonnes in 2013/14. This has forced power companies to look for alternatives. Some bought coal mines abroad while others relied on gas supply from the Krishna-Godavari Basin, off the country's east coast. Neither option has succeeded. Imports have proved costly while gas supply from the KG basin has fallen drastically, leaving many gas-fired plants idle.
Because of the erratic power situation, companies across the country are depending on backup systems that increase costs. There is a surge in demand for solar power and diesel generation sets, says Kunwer Sachdev, Managing Director at inverter maker Su-Kam Power Systems. Coimbatore-based foundry owner Prabhu Gandhikumar says he shells out Rs 1.5 lakh more on diesel generation sets to run furnaces, in addition to the Rs 2.5-lakh electricity bill he pays. "If I get regular power supply, I will have to pay an additional few thousand rupees, but I can save whatever money I am spending now on diesel sets," he says.
Promises to Keep
In May, Prime Minister Modi formed a BJP-led government at the Centre after a thumping victory in Lok Sabha elections. One of his poll promises was to provide electricity access across the country. In a country where an estimated 30 crore people do not have access to electricity, it is a huge promise. As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi had ensured round-the-clock access to power, and turned around loss-making utilities. To implement his aim at the national level, Modi appointed banker-turned-politician Goyal as minister responsible for both coal and power.
Modi set Goyal the goal of increasing coal production to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. To achieve this target, coal production will have to grow by more than 18 per cent annually. This pace hasn't been achieved in the last decade. India also missed its target to ramp up coal output to 680 million tonnes by the end of the 11th five-year plan (2007-12), as production touched only 540 million tonnes in 2011/12. For perspective, China produces roughly 3.5 billion tonnes a year.
When Goyal took charge of the power ministry, he pushed for higher generation and that added to the fuel supply problem. "In the first three months of the new government - June, July and August - coal-based electricity generation rose 21 per cent," he said. "But the [coal] supply has gone up by only five or six per cent. The stocks are bound to fall," he said on September 7, blaming poor rainfall for the rise in demand for power and coal.
Game Plan
'The [government's] steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground' says Deepak Amitabh, CMD, PTC India. Photo: Vivan Mehra
In the last week of July, nominated Rajya Sabha MP Anu Aga gifted Goyal a book Power Struggle, authored by her late husband Rohinton Aga two decades ago. Goyal says he got several solutions to the coal supply problems from the book. One was optimum utilisation of coal and the second, rationalisation of supplies. On September 3, he allowed state-run NTPC and Gujarat government utilities to swap coal. NTPC, the country's biggest power generator, had been importing coal at ports in Gujarat for its Korba power plant in Chhattisgarh, whereas the Gujarat utilities were procuring it from Coal India's Korba mines. The power ministry believes the swapping arrangement would unclog coal supplies and help save Rs 400 crore to Rs 500 crore.
A coal ministry official says consultancy KPMG has been asked to analyse 200 mines and their supply linkages. "We are expecting more unclogging once the KPMG report comes," the official says. These steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground, says Deepak Amitabh, Chairman and Managing Director of power trading firm PTC India.
Goyal is pushing ageing power plants to upgrade, especially those which are more than 25 years old. "This will help utilities produce more power from the same amount of coal," says Ashok Khurana, Director General of the Association of Power Producers. Goyal is also working with the railway ministry to expedite work on rail lines to transport coal from mines to power plants. These include the 100-km long Tori-Shivpur-Hazaribagh track in Jharkhand, the Mand-Raigad track in Chhattisgarh, and a 100 to 120-km line between Bhupdevapur and Manoharpur in Orissa. These lines would facilitate evacuation of 60 million tonnes of coal by 2017/18 and up to 200 million tonnes by 2021/22 .
Besides, the Centre is looking to put in place a coal regulator. The previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had tabled a coal regulator bill in Parliament but it lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha. The coal ministry has now been asked to work out a "more powerful" coal regulator bill, which might be tabled in the next session. The regulator will likely be empowered to oversee auctioning of coal mines and will also keep an eye on the fuel's prices.
Many Problems, Few Solutions
In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India questioned the allocation of coal mines between 2004 and 2009 to companies without competitive bidding. At the time, the BJP was in opposition and had slammed the Congress-led UPA government for not auctioning the blocks. The Coalgate scandal has had several twists and turns since then. In August, the Supreme Court declared the 216 blocks allocated since 1993 as illegal. On September 9, the court reserved its order on the fate of the blocks and rejected a plea by steel and power producers to appoint a judicial commission to resolve the issue.
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the BJP's ideological parent, feels that the court ruling is a good opportunity to restart with a clean slate. "The government should come up with a policy which is well thought-out and does not come with a baggage," he says.
Coal ministry officials say they can, within six months, come out with a new policy for allocation of mining blocks once the Supreme Court pronounces its final order. Goyal says the government will comply with the court's verdict on the fate of the allocated blocks and will quickly act to ensure adequate coal supplies to all power plants. "I am confident that if at all there is a disruption, we will keep it to the bare minimum. There might be a short-term disruption but in the medium to long term, we will be able to open up many more [coal mines]," he says.
Some companies feel the court should not penalise them by cancelling the blocks because they were only following the government policy of the day. Other power producers, however, argue that auctions - like in the case of telecom spectrum - may not be a bad idea if it makes coal supply more reliable, although it could push up coal prices and power tariffs.
There are other risks as well if the apex court cancels the blocks. Kameswara Rao, Leader of Energy Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers' India chapter, says cancellation of the blocks would jeopardise a huge amount of bank loans these companies had taken on. Naveen Jindal, whose company Jindal Steel and Power and its subsidiaries face cancellation of 10 mines, says that investment worth Rs 4 lakh crore to develop the mines - otherwise discarded by Coal India - run the risk of going waste. "Of this, Rs 2.5 lakh crore is bank loans," he said. Other companies involved in the scandal include JSW Steel, Hindalco Industries, and NTPC.
The biggest hindrance to increasing coal production has been the delay in environmental and forest clearances. During the UPA regime, then-environment minister Jairam Ramesh's propagation of go and no-go areas for mining and later slow decision making by his successor Jayanthi Natarajan led to delays in approvals. When BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar took charge of the ministry, the message to him from Modi was clear - facilitate, mediate, but don't obstruct.
The ministry has now asked the Forest Survey of India (FSI) to review Ramesh's policy that had led to 30 per cent of coal-bearing areas coming under the no-go zones on environmental grounds. The no-go zone impacted 153 coal-bearing blocks in six states. Environment ministry officials told BT the FSI is changing the parameters fixed to determine these areas and may exclude some areas from the no-go zone. Javadekar told newsmen recently decision making in the environment ministry will now be quicker. "We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry," he said.
Even if the apex court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would affect only 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year
To make mining less polluting for the environment, Harry Dhaul, Secretary General of the Independent Power Producers' Association, suggests a renewed focus on underground mining. A Coal India official says India has 80 billion tonnes of reserves at a depth of 300 metres or more and that the government has asked Coal India to look into the possibility of increasing the contribution of underground mining in coal output to 30 per cent from three to four per cent currently.
'We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry' says Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment and Forests. Photo: M Zhazo
Executives from the coal and power industries believe that most steps the Modi government is taking to improve supplies are in the right direction. But not everyone is convinced the measures are enough. Prabir Neogi, CEO for new initiatives on fuel and power at Kolkata-based utility CESC, says it is yet to be seen what role the government envisages for private players in mining, whether they are allowed to do commercial mining or confined to the role of contractors. Neogi, who also heads FICCI's coal committee, says the long-term plan has to revolve around Coal India. Many believe the best solution to improve Coal India's productivity is to break it up into smaller units and make state governments stakeholders. Goyal, however, is not in favour of breaking up the mining behemoth.
It is clear, however, that the situation won't improve overnight. "There are no quick-fix solutions," says Neogi. "The government is plugging the gaps, but we will have to wait till at least March to see any improvement."

India scripts history  becomes the first country to send Mars Orbiter in firstattemptPrint
Scientists described the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. (Source: ISRO)
Written by Johnson T A | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:08 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:34 pm
The Indian Space Research Organisation’s Mars Orbiter Spacecraft successfully entered the orbit of Mars on Wednesday morning after a liquid motor engine fired effectively for a little over 24 minutes to impart a little over the required velocity of 1098 metres per second at 1099 metres per sec.
The $ 71 million mission, one of the cheapest undertaken by any space faring nation, puts ISRO among an elite league of three other space agencies to undertake a successful voyage to the Red Planet. The successful entry of the MOS into the orbit of Mars (further data is still awaited on the exact orbit achieved) makes India the first country to make it to Mars on its first attempt.
(Source: ISRO)
The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was intended to be placed in an elliptical orbit spanning 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars. The US space agency NASA which has 16 successful Mars mission to its credit placed its Maven spacecraft in 150 km X 6250 km orbit around Mars exactly two days ago.
The successful mission of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in attendance was greeted by cheers by scientists at ISRO’s mission operations centre 2 and was followed by the distribution of sweets.
“If our national cricket team wins a tournament the whole country celebrates. What our scientists have done is far greater,’’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi said following the success.
The Indian prime minister who appreciated the low cost nature of the project – costing less than the $ 100 million Hollywood movie Gravity – called on the scientists to continue to push their boundaries.  He said ISRO had carried out the MOS mission within three years of a feasibility study.
The Mars Orbit Insertion maneuver on Wednesday went to plan for ISRO with the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft triggering pre-loaded commands on the dot as prescribed by the pre-determined schedule. There were loud cheers in mission control when the liquid engine started firing at 7.17 AM and information was received in this regard at the earth stations at 7.30 AM.
The biggest cheers in mission control however emerged at 8.10 AM when first information came in from the spacecraft to indicate that the orbit insertion had gone to plan with the engine imparting the required thrust of 1098 metres/second during its 24 minute burst.
With Mars eclipsing the MOS for a period of nearly continued…

Desi alternative to MS Windows dying a slow ...Government's OS BOSS dying a slow death due to lack of patronage
Varun Aggarwal & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.36AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Operating System Solutions
(The government’s Bharat Operating…)
NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The government's Bharat Operating System Solutions (BOSS), which was initially touted as a home-grown alternative to Microsoft's Windows, is seeing a slow death due to lack of government support and investments. Updates are infrequent, customer support is inefficient and there is an overall lack of coordination with hardware vendors for wider support across devices.
In the past, BOSS won many government contracts mainly because of the government push and even there it seems to be losing to other open source OS such as Suse and Ubuntu.
"We didn't even hear about BOSS when we wanted to deploy 15,000 desktops in about 3,000 schools in Orissa. We ultimately went with Suse Linux as it was very user-friendly and cost effective," said Prabhat Mishra, Deputy Director, MIS at Orissa Primary Education Programme Authority.
Similar is the situation in many government departments who either have not heard of BOSS or have no intention of adopting it. The problem lies with the lack of any heavyweight behind BOSS, believe experts.
"BOSS didn't have the support of the heavyweights like Sam Pitroda or any credible personality who could take ownership of the project," said Prof S Sadagopan, director at IIIT Bangalore.
"The project needs a 10-year goal along with resources to offer sufficient support to users. To me, BOSS looks like a half-hearted attempt at making something great."
Like China, India wanted to get rid of its dependency on proprietary operating system Windows by building its own operating system that would support local languages and would not have any security concerns. China's COS, which is expected to launch next month, is designed for use on mobile phones, tablet devices and desktop PCs on the Chinese mainland. BOSS on the other hand, works only on desktops and notebooks.
In 2007, the National Research Centre for Free and Open Source Software (NRC-FOSS), a part of Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC) launched the first version of BOSS.
It has seen only three updates in the last six years. The first one year alone saw three updates. Most other Linux OS are updated once in every six months. But the bigger issue lies with support.
R Nagesh, Joint Director at C-DAC told ET that while C-DAC is trying to talk to industry players to support BOSS, no such partnership has fructified yet, limiting support capabilities. According to C-DAC, BOSS has been deployed on over 2.5 million systems, but none of the entities involved with the project have a number on how many deployments have translated into actual usage.
"If C-DAC doesn't have deployment numbers, it clearly shows they have their hands off all the support stuff," said Yogesh Girikumar, a member of Free Software Foundation at Tamil Nadu.
Most failures for BOSS have come from the lack of support, acknowledges Prof. G. Siva Kumar, Dept of Computer Science & Engineering, IIT Bombay, who advises the government on several projects, and is the part of the NRC-FOSS and BOSS initiatives of the DeitY.
"Enterprises are anyway not going to adopt BOSS because they have other operating systems such as Ubuntu or Red Hat that they can go to because of better availability of support," said Girikumar. "It is very difficult for people to reach out to FOSS or C-DAC for support."
Girikumar says that while BOSS user interface doesn't have any bells and whistles, it is sleek and simple to use, and is ideal for introducing first time users in rural areas to computers because of its local language support.
Unlike large competitors such as Microsoft or RedHat who have deep pockets for lobbying, lack of promotion from the government is becoming the cause of low adoption for BOSS.
"Government needs to bring all stakeholders into confidence before thinking of a widespread adoption for BOSS. CDAC alone won't be able to make BOSS successful," said Sadagopan.
Presently, BOSS is being used by the state governments of Punjab, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, Chhattisgarh, Tripura, Kerala, Pondicherry and Bihar for several purposes.
C-DAC is trying to push BOSS into the banking space and is also trying to make it the OS of choice for ATMs as many banks look to migrate to Linux platform. However, this could be another lost opportunity for the local OS unless the government is able to provide enough resources to C-DAC for development and support of the platform.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex opens on flat note; IT  pharma  FMCG gainSensex opens on flat note; IT, pharma, FMCG gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
3M
("Nifty could continue is…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex has opened on flat note after a sharp fall in previous session. Defensives such as healthcare, FMCG and technology led the gainers pack while metals, auto and banks led the decline.
"The market which till recently was set to enter a new orbit suddenly seems to have lost fuel. A correction was always on the cards. The F&O expiry and weak global cues added to the choppiness," said IIFL report.
At 09:17 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,754.21, down 21.48 points or 0.08 per cent. It touched a high of 26,826.48 and a low of 26,751.16 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,013.55, down 4 points or 0.05 per cent. It touched a high of 8,034.55 and a low of 8,009.15 in early trade.
"Nifty could continue is gyration within the 7970-8180 band ahead of the September F&O expiry. A decisive close outside this range could accelerate the momentum. Follow up buying above 8180 can be taken as a positive development for a move up to 8400," said Motilal Oswal report.
"Nifty Future Rollover continues to remain higher than 3M average due to large short hedges created in last few trades. As we trade near our important support level of 8,000 (Highest concentration of Puts) aggressive fresh selling would not be advisable until 7,970 breached on closing basis. Upside hurdle still remains at 8,200," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.17 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.47 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index gained 0.17 per cent, the S&P BSE FMCG Index rose 0.38 per cent and the S&P BSE Healthcare rose 0.12 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index fell 0.78 per cent, the S&P BSE Auto Index was down 0.18 per cent and the S&P BSE Bankex slipped 0.06 per cent.
Bharti Airtel (1.61 per cent), Tata Motors (1.51 per cent), Hindalco (1.37 per cent), HDFC (1.05 per cent) and Tata Steel (0.70 per cent) were among the top losers.
Hindustan Unilever (up 1.70 per cent), Wipro (up 1.67 per cent), Coal India (up 1.57 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.26 per cent) and ITC (up 1.01per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 983 gainers against 750 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 1,185.17 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 325.7 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
In global markets, the Dow Jones fell 0.68 per cent, the S&P 500 lost 0.58 per cent and Nasdaq declined 0.42 per cent.
The Asian markets are mostly in the green. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was 0.40 per cent higher, Kospi index gained 0.21 per cent and China's Shanghai index rose 0.79 per cent. Japan's Nikkei was 0.36 per cent lower.
FEATURED ARTICLES

15 stocks in focus in Wednesday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Fifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 07.58AM IST
Tags:
Essar Oil
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
After a flattish start, benchmark indices came under pressure due to weak global cues and lost more than one & half percent in the end. Technically, Nifty has breached previous week's low indicating that pressure is likely to remain in the index.
"The market breadth was also a sign of caution today with the balance tilting strongly toward declines," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty has been trading in 8000-8200 level overall and any move below the crucial psychological and support level of 8000 is likely to result in further downside till 7900," added the report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
Hindalco , JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
Pidilite Industries : Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metal stcks down over 5% ahead of coal blocks rulingMetal stocks such as Sesa Sterlite, JSPL slip ahead of SC ruling on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Bhushan Steel
(Ahead of the verdict, metal…)
NEW DELHI: Metal stocks came under bit of selling pressure in trade on Wednesday ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will rule on the fate of coal blocks at 2 p.m. that had been declared illegal earlier on August 25. The top court had declared some 200-odd coal blocks as illegal but had not cancelled them.
Ahead of the verdict, metal stocks such as JSPL, Sesa Sterlite, NMDC, Jindal Steel , JSW Steel, Bhushan Steel slipped are down between 0.3-5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE Metal index was trading 0.13 per cent lower as compared to 0.12 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex.
JSPL was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 208, Sesa Sterlite was down 0.7 per cent to Rs 278.80 and NMDC was trading 0.32 per cent lower at Rs 168.80.
JSW Steel was down 0.4 per cent and Bhushan Steel was trading 4.9 per cent lower at Rs 107.30.
The government has since urged the court not to cancel those 38 which are already in production and another six which were on the verge of production, ET reported.
The rest could be cancelled and re-auctioned, the government has said. Industry bodies are citing massive investments in end use projects to oppose this, saying instead these should be regularised after penalties, but the court is unlikely to do this. Instead it may go with the government advice, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax rallies 7% on order win of JV for Rs 339 crYou are here: Home > Collections
Thermax rallies 7% on order win of JV for Rs 339 crore
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(The order is from B&W PGG…)
NEW DELHI: Thermax Ltd rallied as much as 6.9 per cent in trade on Wednesday after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore.
At 09:30 a.m.; Thermax pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 4.8 per cent higher at Rs 932.05. It hit a low of Rs 929.20 and a high of Rs 950 in trade today.
The order is from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items such as boiler pressure parts, critical piping, pulverisers, plate work for casing, ducts and hoppers for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
The contract also includes supply of ancillary items including valves, dampers, expansion joints and instrumentation items, Thermax said in a filing with BSE.
Detailed engineering and supply of material are scheduled to be completed within 21 months for the first unit and 24 months for the second unit, said the filing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena-BJP alliance survivespolitical development
The Sena may contest 151, the BJP 130 and four of other allies 7 seats
Just three days ahead of the closing of nominations for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly election, the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena appear to have sorted out their disagreements over seat-sharing. The Sena has decided to contest 151 seats and the BJP 130, by a tentative formula worked out at a joint meeting at the BJP headquarters here on Tuesday morning. The four other allies will get seven seats.
With the Sena not budging from its demand for 151 seats, the BJP was left with no choice but to poach seats from the allies’ quota.
In the 2009 election, the Sena contested 169 seats and the BJP 119. To accommodate the new allies, the Sena agreed to take 151, leaving 18 to the allies.
In a clear sign that neither the BJP nor the Sena wanted to end their 25-year-old political association, Sena leaders arrived at the BJP headquarters in the morning.
Ninety minutes later, they emerged to address a rare joint press conference indicating that they have decided not only to stick together but also amicably worked out a seat-sharing arrangement, leaving the smaller parties in the lurch.
BJP may have to concede two more seats
If the four smaller allies of the Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena demand more than the seven seats offered to them for the October 15 Assembly election, they will be offered two more, bringing the BJP’s share down to 128 from 130, party sources said.
“It is a decision for us to make — if we want to keep an old ally or four new allies. We will convince the smaller allies,” said a senior BJP leader.
In the post-poll scenario, the leaders of the smaller allies of the “Mahayuti” (grand alliance) will be accommodated in important posts, the BJP said.
The Sena delegation for Tuesday’s talks with the BJP was represented by MP and party spokesperson Sanjay Raut, senior leaders Subash Desai, Anil Desai and Sanjay Narwekar. State BJP leaders were led by party in-charge of the Maharashtra election O.P Mathur.
“Both sides are keen that the 25-year-old alliance does not break. Various proposals are being discussed. We are sincerely trying to work out a solution. We will include the smaller allies in the discussion,” said Vinod Tawde, BJP MLC and leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council.
The brusque announcement by the Sena supremo Uddhay Thackeray on Sunday afternoon that his party was determined to contest 151 seats had caught political observes unawares. Besides, his blunt comments reminding Prime Minister Narendra Modi that it was the Sena which had come to his defence when he was under pressure to step down post-Godhra riots in 2002 predictably triggered speculation that the 25-year old alliance was on the brink.
“We will forgo 18 seats for the four other allies from our quota. But this is my last effort to save the alliance,” Mr. Thackeray declared while addressing the office-bearers across the State in Mumbai.
“I told the BJP leaders that we are givers and not takers. We are giving our seats to other parties,” he said. “This is the time to go all out and campaign for victory. Instead, we are engaged in seat bargaining,” he said.

Sensex Falls 100 Points  Nifty Below 8 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat Ahead of Coal Block Verdict
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today in the early trade as traders remained cautious of the Supreme Court ruling on coal blocks.
The top court will pronounce its verdict at 2 pm on 218 blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it.
Weak global cues also weighed on Indian markets. Asian stocks slipped on Wednesday as US-led air strikes in Syria curbed appetite for risky assets, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
The Sensex was down 15 points to 26,760 while Nifty fell 5 points to 8,012.
SV Prasad, chairman of Chime Consulting, said that Indian markets are in a pause mode ahead of the Supreme Court verdict and weak global cues like the contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Besides that buying of Indian equities from foreign investors has also slowed. In the previous five sessions, foreign institution investors (FIIs) sold on average Rs 295 crore of Indian equities daily. In comparison, they bought on average Rs 393 crore daily between September 9-15 and Rs 990 crore between September 1-8.
Some defensive buying was seen in FMCG and healthcare stocks. Among Nifty gainers, ITC, Lupin and HUL were up between 0.8 per cent and 2 per cent.
The BSE metal index was down 0.3 per cent ahead of the court verdict. JSPL was down 1.6 per cent while Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite were down between 0.6 per cent and 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)

Sell Havells India  advises Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell Havells India, advises Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends selling Havells India as the stock may face deep correction.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Havells India had a big day and yesterday’s downmove has come inside that price range. So the big upmove is almost negated. That is not good news, probably a deeper correction is coming. So it is a day trading sell, target is Rs 246 and a stoploss is Rs 266 but it is also a positional sell."
At 09:41 hrs Havells India was quoting at Rs 256.10, down Rs 5.20, or 1.99 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 262 and an intraday low of Rs 254.10.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex trades marginally higher; Wipro  Sun Pharma  CIL gainSensex trades marginally higher; Wipro  Sun Pharma  CIL gain
Titan Company announces board approval for acceptance of deposits from customersTitan Company announces board approval for acceptance of deposits from customers
India s space success underscores technological capabilityIndia s space success underscores technological capability
Modi visit offers golden opportunity to repair India-US tiesModi visit offers golden opportunity to repair India-US ties
Barack Obama urges world to follow US lead on climate changeBarack Obama urges world to follow US lead on climate change
Tokyo stocks slip 0.30 per cent by breakTokyo stocks slip 0.30 per cent by break
Rupee down seven paise Vs dollar in morning tradeRupee down seven paise Vs dollar in morning trade
Thermax up 7%  JV bags export order from US companyThermax up 7%  JV bags export order from US company
Saksen hits lower circuit as whole time director & CEO resignsSasken hits lower circuit as whole time director & CEO resigns
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:28 AM IST
Shares of Sasken Communication Technologies is frozen at lower circuit of 20% at Rs 253 on National Stock Exchange after the company said Mr. Anjan Lahiri, whole time director & chief executive officer (CEO) has resigned from the services of the company and consequently from the board of directors effective September 23, 2014.
Lahiri, was the head of MindTree‘s information technology business before joining Sasken in August 2013.
Sasken is an R&D technology solutions company offering wireless software products, solutions and services for consumer electronics and network engineering services.
The stock opened at Rs 316 and touched a high of Rs 322 on NSE. At 1020 hours, a combined 540,000 shares changed hands and there are pending sell orders for 234,000 shares on NSE and BSE.

How you can gain from Sebi s new ESOP regulationsStory
Smart Options
Sebi has tweaked ESOP regulations. We bring you a low-down on how the new rules impact the beneficiaries
Dipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
If your company has offered its shares to you under any reward/incentive programme, get ready for big changes in rules that govern these instruments. The Securities and Exchange Board of India, or Sebi, has overhauled the regulations governing Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOPs).
The changes have been made keeping in mind safety of investors and international best practices. Offering of shares to employees as part of an incentive programme is often a tool for insider trading and other fraudulent practices. Sebi has taken steps in the past to restrict such activities.
We look at the recent changes in ESOP regulations and how they impact the beneficiaries.
ESOP trusts can now buy from secondary market: Sebi has proposed that employee welfare trusts be allowed to buy shares from the secondary market. Last year, the regulator had banned this in apprehension that companies may use
ESOPs as a tool for insider trading and other fraudulent practices. The latest order is in line with global practices and aimed atavoiding forced dilution of stake through ESOPs.
However, purchase by the trusts will require shareholders' approval through a special resolution.
"As secondary market acquisitions by trusts is an internationally accepted practice, it (the ban) needed to be reconsidered, subject to necessary safeguards to prevent misuse. This will allow companies/promoters to grant options without diluting their existing shareholding," says Surendra Pareek, partner, tax, KPMG in India.
ESOPs can be issued directly. The shares are allotted when the employee exercises the option. The other route is through a trust, which either acquires fresh shares from the company or buys from the secondary market and transfers to the beneficiaries.
Better safeguards put in place: The new regulations put restrictions on share transactions by employee benefit trusts. Sebi will now specify limits for shares that can be bought by the trusts from the secondary market.
Also, the trusts should hold the shares acquired from the secondary market for at least six months. Besides, they can make only delivery-based transactions and cannot bet on the derivatives market. Sebi will soon come out with stricter disclosure and compliance norms.
New category for stocks held under ESOPs: The new regulations also put stocks held under ESOPs in a category separate from 'Promoters' and 'Public'.
"Sebi has proposed to put ESOP shares in a separate category in order to prevent misuse of employee trusts as an alternative mode of promoter holding. The shares held by the trust cannot be considered as public either," says Inder Mohan Singh, Partner, Amarchand Mangaldas.
All stock-related employee benefit schemes now under Sebi regulations:
Earlier, only Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS) were under Sebi regulations. Now, Sebi has expanded the scope of these regulations to other stockrelated employee benefit schemes such as stock appreciation right (SAR) and restricted stock award.
Sebi has put a limit of 10% of assets held by general employee benefit schemes (other than ESOS) on owning shares of the company or the listed holding company.
"By bringing in such unregulated schemes within the purview of the new regulations, Sebi is ensuring enhanced disclosure and protection to investors," says Inder Mohan Singh of Amarchand Mangaldas.
Companies have the flexibility to design employee stock options in many ways. The main ones are:
1) ESOS: The company gives the employee the right to buy its shares (not obligation) a predetermined price. To avail of the option, the employee is required to complete service for a specific period.
2) ESPS: The employee is allowed to buy shares of the company at a discounted price on a predetermined date.
3) Stock appreciation right (Phantom Equity Plan): The employer offers the employee notional shares at a pre-determined price. After completion of a period of service, the former pays the amount by which the shares have appreciated during the period. The employee doesn't have to make any cash investment.
4) Restricted stock award: Here the employer offers stocks subject to certain conditions. The employer has the right to cancel the entitlement if the conditions are not met. The employee is considered to own the shares from the date of the award.

NTPC on the prowl forsick private power plantsNTPC on the prowl forsick private power plants
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 23:29 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:36 IST(22/9/2014)
Comments
With the cost of land acquisition on the rise, India’s leading public sector units including NTPC Ltd, which have so far followed the greenfield route for growth, are now exploring inorganic route to increase their foothold in the power sector.
At a recent meeting with power minister Piyush Goyal, NTPC was asked to examine if its plans to put up 11,000 megawatt (MW) of planned greenfield capacity could be replaced by inorganic growth — acquiring new projects.
As reported first by HT, NTPC has already chalked out a plan to acquire Rs. 30,000 crore worth of coal-based power projects across the country by the year end. In this connection, it has recently floated an expression of interest and has received over 31 responses from across the country.
“It may be examined whether 11,000 MW of the total 13th Plan (2018-23) targeted capacity may be postponed for further development in case major steps may not have been taken and in the alternative NTPC may consider the inorganic growth approach for increasing its portfolio,” said the minutes of the meeting with heads of central power public sector units.
The shift, the note added, is because there is a need to adopt a country-first approach so that national assets in any sector are utilised to the maximum.
Simply put, it means that as most gas-based power capacities planned by various companies are lying stranded for want of fuel, NTPC has been asked to look at acquiring coal-based power plants to keep up with its targeted capacity addition.
“It is too early to comment on this... my approach is to look at all options with an open mind and then do what is in the best interest of this country and sector,” Goyal told HT.
NTPC is India’s leading thermal power company, which a current capacity of 43,000 MW. It plans to add 14,000 MW during the 12th Plan period (2012-1017) and is on a lookout for 5,000 MW of capacity addition through acquisition.
For the 13th Plan, it is likely to add a total capacity of 20,000 MW.

City  Grand i10  Celerio  Zest see up to 4 months waiting periodCity, Grand i10, Celerio, Zest see up to 4 months waiting period
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times   September 22, 2014
First Published: 23:22 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:29 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
If you are planning to buy a petrol car this Diwali, be prepared to wait a little.
With the price differential between petrol and diesel narrowing to about Rs. 10 per litre, a far cry from the Rs. 32 high two years ago, petrol cars are on a high.
From small cars such as the Hyundai Grand i10 and Maruti Celerio, to compact sedans such as Honda Amaze and Tata Zest, to even utility vehicles like Honda Mobilio, petrol variants are commanding waiting periods of three to 16 weeks.
The surge may not surprise, given the government’s decision last January to bring down the subsidy on diesel, which has seen 18 price hikes since then.
But for the automobile industry, which was at one point of time struggling to come to grips with the huge demand for diesel vehicles, adjusting to this new trend has not been easy.
“The price difference between petrol and diesel prices has come down and that has seen an increase in demand for petrol cars,” said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president, marketing and sales, Hyundai Motor India Ltd.
“The Indian consumer today is very evolved and calculates which fuel works best for him.”
Following the government’s decision to decontrol the prices of petrol in June 2010, its cost had gone up by over 33% between July 2010 and 2012. But diesel, which had not been de-controlled, nudged up a bare 3%.
This resulted in an almost immediate and dramatic impact on the sales of cars and SUVs around the country. Sales of entry-level small cars slipped in favour of bigger versions that had diesel options, and even SUVs.
From just 32% in July 2010, the share of diesel vehicles in overall automobile sales in the country rose to over 50% by the first half of 2013. The reversal has been equally drastic.
In the last 12 months, diesel prices have gone up by over 13.5% largely due to a phased price deregulation. Prices of petrol, on the other hand, have gone down by almost 10% in the same period, as international crude prices declined.
The cost differential between the two fuels, now at Rs. 9.54 per litre, is at its lowest level in over four years.
“The share of diesel variants in total domestic sales of passenger cars and utility vehicles has started falling since peaking at 58% in fiscal 2013,” says an analysis by Crisil research.
“We expect diesel vehicles to close this fiscal with 45% of the market even as the share of petrol cars runs up to 55% from 42% that year.”

PM Modi may flag $10 billion problem with ObamaYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi keen to negotiate bilateral social security pact with Barack Obama
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.15AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Prime Minister Modi is…)
NEW DELHI: In what is a $10-billion deal for Indians who have worked in the US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to urge the Barack Obama administration to allow employees who are sent for short stints in the US to bring home their statutory deductions to its social security system on their return.
Annually, an estimated 80,000 "detached workers" from India working on consultancy and onsite assignments contribute 15% of their basic salary, adding up to over $1 billion, to the US Social Security Fund. However, when they return to India, these contributions are forfeited as the minimum period to qualify for pension benefits in the US is 10 years. Similar rules apply on American workers in India, whose numbers are rising, said officials.
Prime Minister Modi is keen on jumpstarting negotiations for a bilateral social security pact to help expat workers from both countries to repatriate their savings. The pact was first mooted by India in 2007 but the Americans had put the issue on the backburner in recent years after a few rounds of negotiations, said senior government officials.
"There has been a complete silence from the US side after bilateral discussions were held for the third time on the issue in December 2010," said an official, adding that the previous Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who had visited the US last September, didn't pursue the matter.
A dossier is being compiled on the issue ahead of the PM's visit to the United States this week, and officials estimate nearly $10 billion of such deductions of Indian employees, mostly working in sectors like Information Technology, are already parked in the US social security system, with the number rising by over a billion dollars every passing year.
What could strengthen Modi's hand on this front is that India has now signed 19 such social security pacts, also referred to as totalisation agreements, with 17 countries such as Canada, Germany, France, Switzerland, Norway and South Korea. "While there has been no movement on the Indo-US social security deal, India has stitched up pacts with countries that US also has such agreements with," another official pointed out, stressing that this could change the narrative of the negotiations.
The US has "social security totalisation" pacts with around 22 countries, under which workers who spend three years in the US hold on to their social security savings, as the 10-year qualifying period for getting pension takes into account the time spent by workers in their original country's retirement savings system. India wants a similar approach for Indian workers with an element of portability. "Once a worker completes the qualifying period of 10 years, the pension should be payable in either country," an official said. "Moreover, If both Delhi and Washington have bilaterals with a third country, a worker could spend 4 years in India, 3 years in US and 3 years elsewhere, without losing retirement funds," he explained.
If the deal comes through after Modi's renewed pitch, India would be only the second Asian country after South Korea to have such a pact with the US. Once signed, the US President will have to report it to the Congress with a report on the estimated number of individuals affected and its effect on the US Social Security fund's flows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s visit  a chance to progress on key Indo-US issues: Think tankYou are here: Home > Collections > Countries
PM Narendra Modi's visit, a chance to progress on key Indo-US issues: Think tank
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 09.47AM IST
("Taking steps in these areas…)
WASHINGTON: Underlining that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit presents an opportunity for progress on key issues in Indo-US ties, a top American think tank has said the two countries must ensure that it is the beginning of "renewed attention" towards each other than a one-off attempt.
"Once the pomp and ceremony of the visit have passed, the two countries must ensure that it does not represent a one-off attempt but rather the beginning of renewed attention to a relationship that requires constant tending," said Richard Fontaine, president of the Center for a New American Security.
Fontaine, in a new policy brief titled "Seizing the Modi Moment: Reenergising US-India Ties on the Eve of the Prime Minister's Visit", has offered a series of concrete recommendations including completing Bilateral Investment Treaty negotiations and jump-starting trade liberalisation talks.
He recommends complete implementation of the civil nuclear agreement, renew and expand the Defense Framework Agreement and deepen regional cooperation in the Indo-Pacific, including through dialogue on post-2016 Afghanistan and by reviving the US-India-Japan-Australia Quadrilateral Security Dialogue.
"Taking steps in these areas would represent movement on only the highest priority items; there remains a rich agenda that touches on energy cooperation, democracy promotion, education and other spheres," Fontaine said.
"In moving forward, it will be critical for leaders in both countries to keep their bureaucracies focused on the long-term prize: a significantly deepened strategic partnership. In the absence of such top-down direction, the two countries will once again find their agendas stalled by myriad tactical-level impediments," he said.
"To this end, President Obama and Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi should each designate a high-level relationship 'owner' on each side who will help combat the perception that Washington has lost interest in India and that New Delhi is too inwardly focused to think ambitiously about its relationship with America," Fontaine wrote.
"The US Vice President or a cabinet-level official could fulfill this function on the American side; the Prime Minister's National Security Advisor might play such a role for India," he suggested.
The visit of Modi to the United States represents an important opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties after a period of malaise and inattention.
By making sure that it is the beginning of renewed attention to bilateral ties, Fontaine said, "they can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers, anchor an Asian balance of power, spur growth in both countries and smoothen the rise of the world's largest democracy."
"In a world awash with intractable challenges, this is a investment worth making," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt all set to realise plans for 100 smart citiesArun Jaitley
(The government is seriously…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government is set to substantially ease norms for foreign investment in the construction sector, hoping to drum up interest in the prime minister's plans for 100 smart cities as well his affordable housing initiative. The government is seriously considering the removal of all restrictions on size and minimum capitalisation for the smart cities as well as affordable housing projects. "The discussions are on for exempting smart cities from all FDI conditionalities. We need to give them a push by making it attractive for investors," said a government official.
The new policy is also expected to provide easier exit windows.The proposal could be moved for the Cabinet's consideration as early as next week. The new foreign direct investment (FDI) regime may allow developers to exit after the completion of the project or through the approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board ( FIPB ) against the three-year lock-in period currently imposed, a condition that has been a big deterrent to foreign investment in the sector.
Developers will be exempt from restrictions related to minimum capitalisation and exits if they commit 30% of the project cost to affordable housing. "The thrust will be on affordable housing and smart cities. The proposal is that they be exempted from the conditionalities to attract more foreign investment. There is a need to channelise investments in the affordable housing segment," said a government official aware of the development.
The minimum built-up area has been proposed to be cut to 20,000 sq mt from 50,000 sq mt while the minimum capitalisation requirement will be halved to $5 million from $10 million. The government hopes the easier rules will also help in the faster completion of projects delayed by a squeeze on funds because of elevated debt levels. "The (Cabinet) note is more or less finalised," the official added. The government is planning to set up 100 smart cities across the country that will provide modern amenities, education and employment opportunities. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed an allocation of Rs 7,060 crore in the Union Budget toward smart cities in the country.
The sector attracted $1.2 billion in FDI in 2013-14, down 8% from 2012-13. Investors would likely be able to exit projects on receipt of occupancy and/or completion certificates issued by the competent local authority or after FIPB's nod." It is being discussed to do away with the minimum lock-in period of three years after the completion of the project. A developer should be allowed to exit immediately after completing it," the official added.This will also create an incentive for faster completion of projects.
"The prime minister has a vision of developing 100 smart cities as satellite towns of larger cities and by modernising the existing mid-sized cities," Jaitley had said in his budget speech.
Under current rules, 100% FDI is allowed through the automatic route in development of townships, housing and built-up infrastructure, subject to stringent conditions. Present norms require minimum capitalisation of $10 million for wholly owned subsidiaries and $5 million for joint ventures with Indian partners.Between April 2000 and July 2014, construction development, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure in the country received FDI worth $23.77 billion, or 10.4% of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
The issue related to agricultural land will be dealt with at the state level. The BJP government is on a foreign investment liberalisation drive. It increased the FDI cap in defence to 49% from 26% last month and allowed 100% FDI in railway infrastructure while partially opening up railway operations. "International investors are already looking at India again.
The relaxation in construction FDI will definitely create a strong positive sentiment as far as smart cities are concerned. It will need to be backed by faster approvals and addressing issues related to the land acquisition policy," said Sachin Sandhir, MD, RICS South Asia. "The government will give concessions to smart cities to make it attractive for foreign investors. Easing of norms has generated high interest levels from not just the foreign investors but also domestic players," said RR Singh, director-general, National Real Estate Development Council (Naredco).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Defence partnership and economic relations to remain top agendabilateral
(Defence and security partnership,…)
NEW DELHI: Defence and security partnership, energy including renewable energy relations and economic and investment ties and technology transfer will dominate Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the USA as Prime Minister that is widely expected to correct sentiments in the India-US relations that have been soured since 2011.
On his longest trip abroad since taking over as the PM, Modi leaves for USA on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at UN General Assembly on September 27 in New York and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
All eyes are set on that meeting when Modi is also expected to raise concerns over US Immigration Bill that will affect Indian IT industry if passed in the current form. The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, official sources told ET. Big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Joint production and co-development that entails technology transfer is Modi's mantra to attain self-sufficiency in the defence sector in the long run. India has deep interests over energy security and its diaspora in West Asia where Arab Spring followed by radical ISIS movement has been destablising factors. Meanwhile, China's growing ambitions in East and Southeast Asia have been a matter of concern for both India and USA.
Among regional issues, situation in the Af-Pak region will dominate discussions, sources pointed out. India's energy demands are rising by the day and Modi will make efforts to source more energy from Washington including partnership in solar energy and importing LNG and shale gas. There willfolbe considerable focus on clean energy partnership, an official said. While Modi would seek transfer of high-technology from the USA, the Obama administration would be keen to hear from him an environment conducive for investments after the policy paralysis in India since 2011, sources indicated.
US is interested in the agriculture and food processing sectors including coldchains. Besides, interest is growing in USA about investments in industrial parks or zones, and water purification, water management and energy from waste as part of smart city projects in India. "The US administration and senators are looking forward to a visit that will energise the relationship and expect that Prime Minister Modi could give them a confidence to further expand and deepen ties," averred Robinder Sachdev, head of the India chapter of US India Political Action Committee, one of the influential India-American lobby groups said.
There are also indications US firm can invest in the Modi government's campaign to Clean India. Education, especially community colleges by USA in India could be one of the deliverables from the visit. Modi and Obama will also discuss India's nuclear liability law and ways to address concerns of US nuclear major Westinghouse.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smart cities to be identified before Budget: Venkaiah Naidubudget
(The government is currently…)
MUMBAI: The Centre will start identifying urban areas which can be transformed into "smart cities", before the Budget , Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu said here today.
The government is currently holding consultations with all stakeholders including state governments, local bodies and those keen on developing smart cities.
"I have held consultation with my state counterparts and taken them into confidence. Now we are at the advance stage of finalising the contours of the smart cities and by November we expect the process to be completed...and expect to identify the cities before the Budget," Naidu, who was in town today for the Ieema annual convention, told reporters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has envisaged developing 100 smart cities by 2022. The Finance Ministry has allocated Rs 7,060 crore for developing these cities as well, which will replace the present flagship urban renewal scheme JNNURM.
"I am planning to complete the process of consultation and finalisation of the contours by end of November and take them to the Expenditure Finance Committee and then to Cabinet. Then from the beginning of the year, roll out will begin," he said.
"We plan to have at least 2-3 smart cities in each state," he said.
Emphasising the need for taking all the stakeholders on board, he said, "You have to take the states and urban local bodies into confidence. Then you need support from different sectors and you need finances, which need a lot of consultations. We have finalised PPP model for developing smart cities."
Naidu further said there is an increased interest from other countries to participate in this project. "I have held consultations with a lot of foreign delegations who are interested in participating in this project. Japan is keen to cooperate to transform Varanasi into a smart city. Similarly, a former Singaporean Prime Minister has also met me and expressed interest in constructing a new capital for Andhra, which I want to make into a smart city," he said.
He said he will visit cities like Oklahoma and Seoul to understand their models.
However, he noted that creating a smart city is not an easy task. "It is not easy to construct a smart city overnight without light and basic amenities. We need to prepare habitat with a smart leadership. Further, there is a need to provide facilities for transport, water, disposal of waste, traffic security management, education, entertainment and employment opportunities, among others. All these things will take time," he said.
"In this entire process, having 24x7 power supply will be critical. A city cannot be smart if there is no power. Therefore, there is a need to create proper transmission and distribution system to ensure uninterrupted supply of electricity," Naidu added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Israel shoots down Syrian jetSeptember 23, 2014 10:17 am
Israel shoots down Syrian jet
By Joel Greenberg in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c17dbe26-42fe-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Market bleeds: Sensex plunges 431 points  Nifty below 80501
0
Mumbai: The market finally ended with deep cuts. The Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431.05 points or 1.6 per cent while the Nifty slipped 128.75 points or 1.6 per cent at 8017.55.
About 886 shares advanced, 2131 shares declined and 91 shares were unchanged. Wipro gained 1 per cent while other stocks ended in red in the Sensex. Cipla and Tata Motors were down 4 per cent, Tata Steel, BHEL and Reliance fell 3 per cent each.
The Sensex crashed 391.09 points or 1.44 per cent to 26815.65 and the Nifty plunged 108.40 points or 1.33 per cent to 8037.90  following weak European cues after the US announced it had launched airstrikes in Syria.
The Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431.05 points or 1.6 per cent while the Nifty slipped 128.75 points or 1.6 per cent at 8017.55.
#sensex #nifty #bse #nse
France's CAC, Germany's DAX and Britain's FTSE fell 1-1.5 per cent. The United States and Arab allies hit Islamic State targets including training camps, headquarters and weapon supplies in northern and eastern Syria in dozens of air and missile strikes, the US military and a monitoring group said.
US strikes also hit a separate group of al Qaeda-affiliated militants in northern Syria. Back home, shares of Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco Industries, Gail India, Tata Steel and DLF tanked 3-7 per cent while HCL Technologies outperformed, up 1.5 per cent. About 831 shares have advanced, 2100 shares declined, and 99 shares are unchanged on the BSE.
Mumbai airport operator GVK is in talks with various private equity (PE) players to sell its stake in its airport business. The company is in talks with PE players like KKR, Blackstone, GA, etc to divest its stake in a move to monetize its assets.
The company is looking to raise USD 400 million through this stake sale, say sources.
Furthermore, the company is looking to list its airport business and is in talks with merchant bankers for the same. However, the listing is unlikely to take place before mid- FY15.
0

Five reasons to be cautious over Syria air strikesFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Hamid Karzai takes one last swipe at US in his farewell speechIn his final year in office Karzai refused to sign a security agreement with the US that would allow about 10,000 American military advisers and trainers to stay in the country next year. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Kabul | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:27 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:29 pm
Outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai used his farewell speech on Tuesday to take one last swipe at the United States, capping a long-testy relationship with the accusation that America hasn’t wanted peace in Afghanistan.
The only president Afghanistan has known since the 2001 US-led invasion said the United States wanted war in  Afghanistan “because of its own interests.”
Karzai’s relationship with the US has grown increasingly fragile in recent years, but the US-Afghan relationship may get a reset on Monday, when President-elect Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai will be sworn in.
The United States has spent more than USD 100 billion on aid in Afghanistan since 2001 to train and equip the country’s security forces, to pave crumbling dirt roads, to upgrade hospitals and to build schools.
But Karzai in his speech thanked a slew of countries for their help India, Japan, China, Iran, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, South Korea and Germany without mentioning the US.
The speech fingered the US and the military leaders of  neighbouring Pakistan as the powers backing perpetual war.
“If America and Pakistan really want it, peace will come to Afghanistan,” Karzai said. “War in Afghanistan is based on the aims of foreigners. The war in Afghanistan is to the benefit of foreigners. But Afghans on both sides are the sacrificial lambs and victims of this war.”
More than 2,200 US forces have died in Afghanistan operations since 2001. Nearly 20,000 have been wounded.
The United Nations says that some 8,000 Afghan civilians have been killed in the conflict over the last five years alone.
In his final year in office Karzai refused to sign a security agreement with the US that would set the legal framework to allow about 10,000 American military advisers and trainers to stay in the country next year. Ghani Ahmadzai has said he will sign it.
Karzai’s relationship with President Barack Obama is seen as weak, though Secretary of State John Kerry appears to have a rapport with the outgoing Afghan president.
Dozens of telephone calls made by Kerry to the two top  presidential candidates helped bring about a political deal signed Sunday for a unity government.
Ghani Ahmadzai was announced by the election commission as winner of a June runoff election plagued by a huge amount of vote fraud. Opponent Abdullah Abdullah will fill the newly created role of government chief executive.
Outgoing President Hamid Karzai said the United States wanted war in  Afghanistan 'because of its own interests'.

Flipkart launches Martian Notifier smartwatch  prices it at Rs 9 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US and allies strike at IsisLast updated: September 23, 2014 6:31 pm
US and allies strike at Isis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87deb442-4310-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi s visit to herald new chapter in Indo-US tiesMinister for environment Prakash Javedekar is already in New York to do the ground work for the Prime Minister's visit . Speaking to Bhupendra Chaubey, Javedekar said Modi's visit will herald a new chapter in the relationship between the two countries.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: What are you expecting from this visit?
A: The world is very eagerly waiting to listen to the new leader, the leader who has won the largest democratic mandate in the world and therefore people are eager to listen to him because the world thinks that India has arrived.
Q: But you don’t think that all the rough edges which existed between Prime Minister Modi and America they don’t matter now?
A: Past is past. For America everything is business and they understand what are the opportunities and they also understand that here is a leader who takes decision.
Q: Can we expect some real hard decision on the economic front coming out by the end of this trip?
A: Yes, definitely. This US-India relationship is very important for both the countries and therefore both the countries are putting good importance to the visit.
RELATED NEWS

US spacecraft Maven enters Mars orbit  India probe nextSep 23, 2014 at  10:34pm IST
US spacecraft Maven enters Mars orbit, India probe next
10
0
Cape Canaveral (US):NASA's Maven spacecraft entered orbit around Mars for an unprecedented study of the red planet's atmosphere following a 442 million-mile (710 million-kilometer) journey that began nearly a year ago.
The robotic explorer successfully slipped into orbit around the red planet on late Sunday night.
"I think my heart's about ready to start again," Maven's chief investigator, Bruce Jakosky of the University of Colorado, said early Monday. "All I can say at this point is, 'We're in orbit at Mars, guys!'"
The robotic explorer successfully slipped into orbit around the red planet on late Sunday night.
#us #mars orbiter mission #nasa
Now the real work begins for the US dollar 671 million mission, the first dedicated to studying the Martian upper atmosphere and the latest step in NASA's bid to send astronauts to Mars in the 2030s.
Flight controllers in Colorado will spend the next six weeks adjusting Maven's altitude and checking its science instruments, and observing a comet streaking by at relatively close range. Then in early November, Maven will start probing the upper atmosphere of Mars. The spacecraft will conduct its observations from orbit; it's not meant to land.
Scientists believe the Martian atmosphere holds clues as to how Earth's neighbor went from being warm and wet billions of years ago to cold and dry. That early wet world may have harbored microbial life, a tantalizing question yet to be answered.
Maven joins three spacecraft already circling Mars, two American and one European. And the traffic jam isn't over: India's first interplanetary probe, Mangalyaan, will reach Mars in two days and also aim for orbit. India would become the fourth space program to reach Mars after the Soviet Union, the US and Europe.
Indian officials have said the mission is chiefly a demonstration of technology. The spacecraft's instruments will gather data to help scientists study Martian weather systems and what happened to the ancient water. It will also look for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
NASA launched Maven last November from Cape Canaveral, the 10th US mission sent to orbit the red planet. Three earlier ones failed, and until the official word came of success late Sunday night, the entire team was on edge.
The spacecraft was clocking more than 10,000 mph (16,000 million kph) when it hit the brakes for the so-called orbital insertion, a half-hour process. The world had to wait 12 minutes to learn the outcome, once it occurred, because of the lag in spacecraft signals given the 138 million miles (222 million-kilometers) between the two planets Sunday.
"Wow, what a night. You get one shot with Mars orbit insertion, and Maven nailed it tonight," said NASA project manager David Mitchell.
5

Now track job vacancies using Infopark appE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Arcotech Gets Order Worth Rs 157 Crore From IGMYou are here: Home Corporates
Arcotech Gets Order Worth Rs 157 Crore From IGM
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 22:56 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Arcotech on Tuesday said it has received an order from India Government Mint (IGM), Mumbai for supply of 3,000 tonnes of nickel brass coils worth Rs 157 crore.
In a communique to the stock exchanges, the company said there was an "option of another 25 per cent order, making it an aggregate order of Rs 196 crore".
IGM-Mumbai is a unit of Security Printing and Minting Corporation of India (SPMCIL), which is wholly-owned by the government.
Minting of circulation coins is the major functions of the IGM, Mumbai.
Shares in Arcotech, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 363.40 apiece on the BSE, down 0.4 per cent from the previous close.
During April-June 2014, Arcotech had reported revenue of Rs 128 crore and net profit of Rs 7 crore. It has manufacturing facility at Bawal in Haryana.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 21:54 (IST)

GST roll out top priority for Swedish companies investing in IndiaGST roll out top priority for Swedish companies investing in India
Anil Urs
Delegation presents solutions to Karnataka Govt on transport and renewable energy
Bangalore, September 23:  
Early implementation of GST and the need to adopt a full-life cycle approach while deciding tenders are the two key elements on top of the wish-lists of Swedish companies investing in India.
“Swedish companies like SCA, Ikea and H&M are looking forward for GST roll out, while truck and bus maker Scania is keen for changes in the tenders floated by State and Central Governments,” Jonas Hafstrom, Swedish ambassador and special advisor to the minister for trade told BusinessLine.
Hafstrom is currently leading a Swedish transport delegation to tour India and explore various transport infrastructure projects to invest and partner with the State and Central Government.
Hafstrom said “I visit India with a delegation of Swedish companies in the transport sector to find long term, sustainable partners. Swedish companies are innovative and strive for quality products with good cycle of profit for the customers.”
The delegation which commenced its tour from Bangalore met Karnataka Government officials and is later expected to travel to Ahmedabad and New Delhi.
Model
The Swedish transport delegation gave a detailed presentation to Government of Karnataka on workable models like Ericsson’s technology for smart cities and smart transportation. Gunnebo displayed its secure transport solution. Scania in its presentation displayed its demo project of converting municipal waste, including slaughter house waste, to bio fuels to run its buses and trucks.
Currently the Karnataka Government has offered us projects like providing mobility for Bangalore, improving efficiency of public transport in tier II towns and cities, conversion of waste to energy for transport by converting municipal waste to gas, and traffic safety and management.
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who chaired the Indo-Swedish meet, said, “Cities are shaped by their transport systems. While transport enables the economy to grow, if it is not well-managed, it could impede growth and impact quality of life. Sustainability, to my mind, is the ability of a city to meet the mobility and accessibility needs of its citizens with minimal impacts on environment.”
Minimizing waste
He further added that “Minimizing waste has been a part of our ethos. Modern lifestyles demand adoption of practices, which promote greater degree of re-using and re-cycling material. I learn that Sweden has been able to manage waste with better and safe technologies and 99 per cent of waste generated including waste water is recycled in one way or the other. I hope that we could learn and benefit from Sweden's experience and expertise in this regard.”
Harald Sandberg, ambassador of Sweden to India, said, “Sweden and India share a long and successful history of cooperation in transport sector through Volvo and now Scania. Technology development and innovation are key cornerstones in our partnerships.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Lodha aims R9k cr in sales this fiscalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bosch  Infineon Tech keen to invest in India...Bosch
(During his recent visit…)
NEW DELHI: German companies such as Bosch and Infineon Technologies have shown interest in investing in India, giving a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' push to promote local manufacturing, said Ravi Shankar Prasad , minister of communications and information technology.
During his recent visit to Germany , Prasad had met representatives from electronics bodies and companies, such as Rhode & Schwarz, Coriant GmbH and ZVEI German Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers Association.
These players are eager to cater to the demand for mobile phones, SIM cards, smart cards and smart cities in India, created by the ambitious "Digital India" initiative of the new government. The government hopes the Rs 1.13-lakh crore Digital India initiative that seeks to transform India into a connected economy will attract investment in electronics manufacturing, create millions of jobs and support trade.
The improvement in duty structure in the budget and Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS), whereby companies investing capital in electronics manufacturing will get up to 25% subsidy, would encourage investment in the field of electronics manufacturing, he added.
"I am going to lay the foundation stone of the first electronic manufacturing cluster...in the first week of October in Bhopal, in Jabalpur, probably on the sixth," Prasad said at a press briefing here on Tuesday.
The government has given in-principle approval for setting up electronics clusters in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Maharashtra, and is in talks with other states to set up more such clusters.
It is also looking to partner with countries such as the US, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan who have sent in proposals worth about Rs 70,000 crore in the last year and a half, department of electronics and information technology (DeitY) joint secretary Ajay Kumar told ET earlier this month.
Prasad's comments come a few days before the prime minister launches the 'Make in India' campaign on Thursday. Leading industrialists, including Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani, Essar Group chairman Shashi Ruia and many global CEOs, are likely to participate in the launch of the campaign, which is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
'NOFN IN LIMBO'
At an industry event earlier in the day, Prasad said the Rs 21,000-crore national optic fibre network (NOFN) project could face further delays as "it is in a limbo". "Digital India" envisages providing broadband access to every single home in India.
"We are trying to deliver broadband down to the gram panchayat (or village block), but NOFN remains in limbo," Prasad said. He added that the new government was trying to energise it and has set aggressive deadlines. A top telecom department official separately told ET that executing agency, Bharat Broadband Networks Ltd, had laid merely 2,200 route km out of the targeted 5 lakh route km since the availability of ducts apart from trenching challenges have posed a major deterrent to the NOFN rollout.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Visit: Modi unlikely to be accompanied by biz delegation | Red carpet for US CEOsAssocham
(The decision not to organise the…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be wooing American businessmen on his maiden trip to that country that starts in a few days but he's unlikely to be accompanied by an Indian 'business' delegation.
The annual meeting of the US-India CEO Forum, which is often organised to coincide with summits involving heads of the two governments, is not taking place this year. With no alternate business programme planned, there is no occasion for a delegation to travel to the US.
The CEO Forum was launched in 2005 and, with the governments of both countries involved in it, enjoyed a quasi-official status. The forum met in November 2009 and September 2011 when former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh went to Washington as well as in November 2010, when President Barack Obama came to India.
The decision not to organise the CEO Forum on this visit was taken by the Prime Minister's Office, which is looking to change the composition of the CEOs who attend from India, persons familiar with the development said. Indian business leaders would have been happy to attend an alternate bilateral business meet, but with the government not showing much enthusiasm, no such event was organised.
Some business leaders will travel in their individual capacity to attend various events that are being organised during the visit. They are likely to attend a formal lunch for Modi hosted by Vice President Joe Biden and the US state department and a reception hosted by the US India Business Council for him in Washington, as well as the Madison Square Garden event in New York on September 28.
The Confederation of Indian Industry will host an event in New York on September 26 at which US investors will interact with Indian officials and industry experts to bring themselves up to speed with the changes and initiatives being ushered in by the Modi government, said CII president Ajay Shriram. He will also be travelling to Washington to attend the USIBC reception for Modi on September 30.
Industry watchers said too much should not be read into the decision not to take a business delegation. They pointed that the forum met in July 2013, independent of Singh's meetings with Obama in September, and that Modi's focus was to directly appeal to US business to invest in India. During his visit, Modi will meet the CEOs of leading US companies including Google, Pepsi, General Electric and Goldman Sachs .
Assocham president and YES Bank MD Rana Kapoor told ET that he would be in Washington to attend the USIBC event, where Modi is likely to meet the who's who of American industry and investors. The occasion will provide a good opportunity for engagement at various levels.
"The nuclear battery needs to be recharged and government-to-government negotiations are important for that and other areas of cooperation such as defence, security and clean energy," said Kapoor. "The PM's charisma and intensity for fixing the India growth story should resonate most with Fortune 500 firms who need to be convinced that India is back to business," he said, adding that US businesses' interest in the country's market potential has been dampened by lack of confidence in its clearance and regulatory systems that Modi has set out to correct.
Investors around the world are reviewing their "wait and watch stance" on India and are keenly looking at the changes being brought about by the new government to move away from its "business as usual approach", said Sidharth Birla, president of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Ficci ).
"Investors are not going to start cutting cheques overnight, but the PM's meetings with large US corporates could help them absorb the extent of the systemic overhaul he is undertaking, so that they can start making plans to cut cheques for India by next year," Birla said. Incidentally, Yale University and The Energy and Resources Institute (Teri) are hosting an India-US energy partnership summit on September 30 and October 1, which apart from speeches by government officials, will also include a high-level corporate dialogue between private sector players from both countries. It is not yet clear who will attend this summit from India Inc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mobile retailers plan e-tail recharge to tap...e-commerce
(The Mobile Store, India’s…)
NEW DELHI: Large mobile phone retailers such as The Mobile Store and UniverCell are looking to partner with online stores such as Flipkart , Amazon and Snapdeal in a bid to stem falling footfalls and revenue as handset vendors increasingly choose the online-only sale model and attract consumers with discounts.
The Mobile Store, India's largest mobile phone retailer, plans to tie up with e-commerce players to enable it to help customers at its outlets to buy devices online if they choose to. "It will not help us if we resist, we need to adapt quickly," said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti, who is putting together a plan under which the company will be entitled to monetary benefits from sales of the ecommerce player as per a commercial agreement.
Additional revenue will come from offering customers other services and higher-margin products like accessories. The Essar Group-owned company, which has 800 outlets across 150 cities, has already taken the first step towards this integration with the online world by offering an extended warranty to customers buying smartphones from Snapdeal. com. The Mobile Store's year-long extended warranty on Snapdeal costs between Rs 99 and Rs 1,199 for smartphones across price points.
It kicks in after the manufacturer warranty expires, allowing unlimited number of repairs within the guarantee period. Chennai-based UniverCell also plans to work alongside online retailers by offering the use of its outlets as experience centres where customers can also get after-purchase services that online stores cannot provide, such as setting up smartphones, transferring contacts and limited-period free theft and damage insurance.
"We're partnering with online players to see how we can complement each other. We're also talking to original equipment makers to see if they can launch some phones exclusively offline," said Sathish Babu, founder of UniverCell, which has over 450 stores in major south Indian states including Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.
Online retail has cornered 12-14% of monthly sales from offline retailers in a short span of time, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. According to industry estimates, prices of devices on websites are at least 10% lower than those sold in retail outlets. The popularity of online retailers has also grown due to exclusive smartphone launches by Motorola, Xiaomi and vendors of Android One phones, helping the companies save almost 30% on distribution costs.
These factors have affected the viability of brick-and-mortar stores, putting the two retailing factions at loggerheads. The Mobile Store's Chakravarti said collaboration was the need of the hour and its plan involves offering its stores to online players so that customers can touch and feel a phone before buying it and also get after-sales service and extended warranty.
"They can decide to buy from us, our website or any of the online retailers they choose. We're quickly reorienting the training of our employees for this, for the future, rather than resist the technology, which by definition is disruptive," he added. UniverCell's Babu said that he was training a team on educating customers on the challenges or problems of buying online.
"But besides that, we'll be offering finance schemes without any interest bundled with the sale, a standby phone in case yours comes up for repairs and personal mobile phone trainers will go to homes or offices to help people set up the phone. All these are not done online," he added. While the retail chains are yet to sign on the dotted line, Jayanth Kolla, partner at Convergence Catalyst, said that partnering with online players was a near-sighted move, focused more on protecting turf.
"It's a short-term and opportunistic (move) in nature, till original equipment makers figure out their online distribution channel strategies and set up processes for these channels, which is eventually bound to happen," he said. Samsung recently announced its support to offline retailers by extending exclusive sales rights to 48 smartphone models even as a large number of its other phones are sold across ecommerce platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

London trumps HK as worlds priciest cityLondon ranked most expensive city globally, Savills report shows
By Andy Sharman in London and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f707420-42f7-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Risk off sentiment takes hold in AsiaAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Starbucks spends $914m on Japan buyoutAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Cameron says Queen purred at Scottish NoDavid Cameron says Queen ‘purred’ at Scottish referendum result
By Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d235af28-4342-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Schedule for Scottish devolution to be tightPeer unveils tight schedule for Scottish devolution
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3bee3ca4-431c-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Manufacturing cost of the $650 iPhone 6 is $200  $750 iPhone 6 Plus costs Apple $216Sep 24, 2014 at 07:13am IST
Manufacturing cost of the $650 iPhone 6 is $200, $750 iPhone 6 Plus costs Apple $216
29
4
San Francisco: Apple's largest iPhone is selling for $100 more than its other new model, but an outside research firm estimated Tuesday that it costs Apple only $15.50 more to make the more expensive version.
Apple said it sold more than 10 million of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in their first three days on sale. Both have larger screens than earlier iPhone models, and analysts say consumers like the new, bigger sizes. The Plus has a 5.5-inch screen, as measured diagonally, while the regular iPhone 6 is at 4.7 inches.
The new iPhones went on sale Friday and address a key advantage rival Android phones have long had: size. The iPhone has been Apple's main source of profits and is expected to remain so for at least the next year.
In this September 19, 2014 file photo, John Mihalkovic, of Virginia Beach, USA, shows off his newly purchased iPhone 6 Plus outside the Apple store at Lynnhaven Mall in Virginia Beach. (AP Photo)
#apple #iphone #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
Apple will make more profit on the Plus version, according to a report from research firm IHS Technology. The full, no-contract price for the 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 is $650. IHS estimates it costs Apple $200.10 for materials and manufacturing. The iPhone 6 Plus retails for $750 without a contract, but IHS says it costs Apple $215.60.
With a two-year service contract with a wireless carrier, a 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 costs consumers $200. An iPhone 6 Plus costs $300 with a contract.
The Plus model also has a bigger battery and a slightly more expensive camera than the regular iPhone 6, according to IHS.
Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the report. The Cupertino, California, company usually doesn't disclose details of its manufacturing costs.
418

Laurel Energetics buys 3.2 cr shares of Indiabulls InfraSep 24, 2014, 08.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Laurel Energetics buys 3.2 cr shares of Indiabulls Infra
On September 23, 2014 Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,20,00,000 shares of Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 6.30.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Laurel Energetics buys 3.2 cr shares of Indiabulls Infra
On September 23, 2014 Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,20,00,000 shares of Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 6.30.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 23, 2014 Indiabulls Employees Welfare Trust sold 3,20,00,000 shares of  Indiabulls Infrastructure and Power at Rs 6.30 on the BSE.
However, Laurel Energetics Private Limited bought 3,20,00,000 shares at Rs 6.30.
On Tuesday, the share closed at Rs 5.39, down Rs 0.44, or 7.55 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 7.42 and 52-week low Rs 2.97 on 02 July, 2014 and 14 February, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

India creates history as ISRO s first Mars orbiter Mangalyaan successfully enters red planet s orbitSep 24, 2014 at  11:18am IST
India creates history as ISRO's first Mars orbiter Mangalyaan successfully enters red planet's orbit
51
31
Bangalore: It was a truly historic moment for India as the country's first Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan was successfully placed in the red planet's orbit on Wednesday morning.
September 24, 2014 will go down as a red-letter day in the annals of space exploration as the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) achieved which no space agency in world including the USA's National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) managed to do in their first attempt.
Even as crores of Indians were just waking up, hundreds of ISRO scientists were busy manoeuvering the Mangalyaan towards the Martian orbit. With this stupendous achievement, ISRO has become only the fourth space agency which has successfully launched a Mars mission.
The three other agencies - NASA, European Space Agency and Roscosmos have failed to reach Mars in their first attempt.
#mars #mars orbiter mission #mangalyaan #mars mission
After carrying out the procedure, ISRO said, "All engines are going strong. Burning of fuel happening."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah were at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bangalore to witness the crucial Mars Orbiter Insertion.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars and carry out limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
ISRO chairman Dr K Radhakrishnan personally led the team of 14 top space scientists in this mission and worked on it for 15 months. More than 200 space scientists were in the control room monitoring even the minutest details of the Mars Mission's final phase.
ISRO will keep the Mars Spacecraft in the sight of Earth to control it. The ISRO is doing a very complex manoeuvering and the other three nations and space agencies - USA, European Space Agency and Russia have failed in their first attempt.
Mars Spacecraft will send pictures back to the ISRO headquarters in Bangalore. ISRO is hoping to get the first pictures by Wednesday evening. Mars spacecraft can be as close as just 80 kms from the planet.
Mars Mission has been completely flawless since its launch on November 5, 2013.
The Mars Orbiter insertion exercise began at 4:17 AM. The spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna at 6:56 AM.
The nail-biting moment was at 7:17 AM when the burn of the liquid apogee motor started and reduce the spacecraft's speed relative to Mars from 22.3 to 4.2 kilometers per second. It has to awaken as it was in sleeping mode for 300 days. The ISRO received confirmation only at 7:30 AM.
The engine stopped burning at 7:41 AM and communication with the spacecraft was be re-established at 7:47 AM.
Twenty-one minutes prior to the start of the manoeuvre, the spacecraft rotated forward to point its engine.
The engine fired again for about 24 minutes, imparting a deceleration force of 1098.7 metres per second to enable the spacecraft to slip into an orbit with a nearest distance of 423 km to the red planet and a farthest distance of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre consumed 249.5 kg of the 280 kg fuel on board the spacecraft.
On Monday, it successfully test fired its main liquid engine which was in sleep mode for 10 months. The engine was test fired for precisely four seconds.
ISRO has also uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter the orbit.
The ISRO also has an advantage as it learnt from the previous missions of USA, ESA and Russia. There have been 11 attempts so far by all space agencies in the World. The success rate is just 40 per cent.
The Rs 450 crore mission is one of the cheapest one and costs even less than Hollywood sci-fi film 'Gravity'.
The Mars Orbiter Mission, India's first interplanetary mission, was launched by India's workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, 2013.
The spacecraft entered the orbit of Mars exactly 48 hours after NASA's 16th successful Mars mission with its Maven spacecraft on Monday.
Mangalyaan: Mars Orbit Insertion Simulation
6307

India s Mars Orbiter Mission successful: ISROSpace history: India successfully places Mars spacecraft in orbit
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre: ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in jubliant mood after Mars Orbiter Mission successfully enters the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
Subbiah Arunan (left), Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), and M Annadurai, Programme Director, Indian Remote-Sensing Satellites (IRS) and Small Satellites Systems (SSS), at the Mission Operations Complex-2 of ISRO, at Peenya in Bangalore. (file photo)
Bangalore, Sept 24:  
India today created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
The successful manoeuvres were carried out in early hours, watched keenly by Prime Minister Narendra Modhi, his cabinet colleagues and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah.
Watched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, ISRO scientists successfully ignited the main 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and eight small thrusters that fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. and slowed down the speed of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft ‘Mangalyaan’ for it to slip into a smooth orbit around the Red Planet after almost an year-long voyage.
“Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” Modi, who wore a red coloured jacket, said annnouncing the Rs 450-crore mission’s success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) here.
Scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg spacecraft was manoeuvred into its designated place, capping a 666 million km journey that began on November 5 last.
With the success of “Mangalyaan”, India has become the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. The first Chinese mission to Mars, called Yinghuo-1, failed in 2011. Earlier in 1998, the Japanese mission ran out of fuel and was lost.
Modi, who witnessed the operation along with the space scientists, said the odds were stacked against “us with only 21 of the 51 missions to Mars being successful'', but “we have prevailed''.
“We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and innovation.
We have navigated our craft through a route known to very few,” Modi said in a speech in Hindi and English, congratulating the scientists and “all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion''.
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
“I have said it in the past too, the amount our scientists have spent on this mission is even less than what they spend in making Hollywood movies,” he said in his address to the mission scientists.
At just $74 million, the mission is less than the estimated $100 million budget of the sci-fi blockbuster “Gravity“.
India’s MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA’s Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
It aims to study Mars’ surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
Given the high rate of failures — only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful, the success of MOM has given a boost to India’s global standing in Space.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus

ISRO goes social: Exclusive FB profile and Twitter handle for MarsOrbiterPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:30 am
In India’s first mission to Mars, ISRO launched a new twitter handle for its Orbiter. The Indian Space Research Organisation has ensured  through social media that everyone outside its control room is updated on the success made by MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission). Posting step-by-step progress, the Facebook page has 436,792 likes and Twitter handle has 7,945 followers.

Express 5: Modi to go for Make in India in US; two faces of GopalKandaWe recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 9:25 am
We recommend that you go through these stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. MODI’S US VISIT:
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has handpicked six top American CEOs – some of whom have been critical of India in the past – for separate one-on-one meetings, in addition to a breakfast interaction with 11 other corporate heads.
For Make in India, it’s Talk to America , report by Shubhajit Roy
2. SIRSA’S KANDA:
Gopal Kanda in conversation with voters at a saree shop in Sirsa city during his campaign. ( Source: Express photo by Gajendra yadav )
In Delhi, his is a name seeped in controversy and taken in whispers, a man accused of abetting the suicide of an air-hostess who worked in his airline. In Sirsa, Gopal Goyal Kanda is a millionaire, philanthropist, religious head, leader of a political party, and the local MLA.
Where everything Kanda owns is a landmark , special report by Dipankar Ghose
3. FLIP-FLOP:
Between February 2 and February 14, 2014, Devendra Darda made five visits to the Sinha residence. This period coincides with detailed debates within the CBI before recommending prosecution against the Darda duo, former coal minister Santosh Bagrodia, former coal secretary H C Gupta and Jayaswal.
Coal chargesheet: Flip-flop by CBI chief as Darda came visiting , report by Appu Esthose Suresh
4. OPINION:
President Xi Jinping’s strategy of seeking enhanced friendship in the backdrop of a border standoff between India and China looks set to continue.
No war, no peace by Syed Ata Hasnain
5. EXPRESS IN INCHEON
One of the enduring images, from India’s perspective, of the Beijing Olympics was that of Zhu Qinan being reduced to tears at a press conference minutes after being humiliated in front of the home crowd by Abhinav Bindra.

http://usat.ly/1xboHvnSports anchor Dan Patrick delves into new media
SAN FRANCISCO
Post to Facebook
Sports anchor Dan Patrick delves into new media SAN FRANCISCO Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uEwIEq
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sports anchor Dan Patrick delves into new media
Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 3:41 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
NBC studio analyst and radio host Dan Patrick looks on during the Super Bowl XLVI Broadcasters Press Conference at the Super Bowl XLVI Media Canter in Indianapolis in 2012.
(Photo: Scott Halleran, Getty Images)
17 CONNECT 74 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO -- NBC Sports anchor Dan Patrick has built a Hall of Fame-caliber career at the peacock network and, before that, then-upstarts CNN and ESPN.
So, why not host a new show, Sports Jeopardy, on Crackle, Sony Pictures Television's digital network of free movie and TV content that includes Seinfeld episodes and original programming from the likes of Jerry Seinfeld (Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee).
"It's where we're headed with Millennials" (and their content consumption), says Patrick, host of NBC's Sunday Night Football. "To be part of this process is exciting. It's cutting edge."
A popular show, with a respected host, is the type of programming integral to Crackle, one of 20 video-distribution sites as well as cable outlets and movie studios. The network boasts 18 million monthly users, most of them in the 18-to-34 age demographic.
Patrick need look no further than his 22-year-old son, an Apple TV devotee who is familiar with Crackle and was psyched to hear his dad has a show on the site. An app for the show was released earlier this year.
Sports Jeopardy, which premieres Wednesday with two episodes, is a continuation of the venerable game show. It is filmed on the same Culver City, Calif., stage as Jeopardy, but set in a sports bar-like setting. That show's host, Alex Trebek, has a cameo on the new edition.
"If you're a sports fan, you'll be challenged by the clues. Final Jeopardy is particularly tough," Patrick says. "I pride myself on having good sports knowledge, and I know 75% to 80% of the answers."
A crew of sports buffs came up with the answers for Sports Jeopardy, says Patrick, a fan of the game show who harbored hopes of hosting it.
"I'm taking a chance on these types of vehicles," Patrick says. "But this is exciting stuff."
17 CONNECT 74 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uEwIEq
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rji7ylBusiness joins Obama's call-to-action on climate
At the U.N. climate summit, countries and companies joined a partnership to protect forests.
Post to Facebook
Business joins Obama's call-to-action on climate At the U.N. climate summit, countries and companies joined a partnership to protect forests. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1snv4KX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Business joins Obama's call-to-action on climate
Wendy Koch , USA TODAY 12:45 a.m. EDT September 24, 2014
President Obama speaks at the United Nations Climate Summit on Sept. 23, 2014, in New York City.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
44 CONNECT 49 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — At an historic summit that enlisted climate pledges from dozens of companies, President Obama called Tuesday on all United Nation members to support an agreement to curb global warming, saying "nobody gets a pass."
"We can only succeed in combating climate change if we are joined in this effort by every nation, developed and developing alike," Obama told the U.N. General Assembly, adding "no nation can meet this global threat alone."
U.N. Secretary General, Ban Ki Moon organized the day-long U.N. Climate Summit to build momentum for a new international accord to be finalized during U.N. talks next year in Paris. It drew representatives from more than 120 countries, but China and India — the first- and third-largest emitters of heat-trapping greenhouse gases — did not send their heads of state.
The event comes as global emissions of these gases, notably carbon dioxide and methane, continue to rise despite prior U.N. agreements to reduce them.
"The climate is changing faster than our efforts to address it," Obama said, citing impacts such as "more frequent extreme weather events" like floods and hurricanes and record-breaking temperatures. He noted his administration's push to curb carbon emissions from power plants, develop non-polluting renewable power and increase the fuel efficiency of its vehicles.
"We will do our part, and we will help developing nations do theirs," he said, announcing technological assistance to countries most at risk. He said the the U.S. is on track to meet its earlier pledge of cutting carbon emissions 17%, from 2005 levels, by 2020 and will announce a new target early next year. He says U.S. and China, as the two largest emitters, have a "special responsibility" to lead.
The summit, which featured hours of speeches in varying languages, also drew climate commitments from countries and companies. For example, dozens announced an unprecedented partnership aimed at halving the loss of the world's forests by 2020 and ending it by 2030.
The 32 countries, including the U.S., and 39 major companies, including Wal-Mart and McDonald's, signed on to the "New York Declaration on Forests," signaling the vital role that forests play in climate change. Trees store carbon dioxide but when cut down, they release it to the atmosphere.
"There is no way to crack the climate issue without the forest issues," said Charles McNeill, senior environmental policy adviser for the U.N. Development Program. He said the pledges are voluntary but, because they're public, signatories won't want to back out.
If the goal is met, the U.N. estimates the impact would be equivalent to taking every car in the world off the road. The participants, including dozens of environmental and indigenous groups, also pledge to restore more than 1 million square miles of forest worldwide by 2030.
The effort has the backing of wealthy countries including Canada, France and the European Union, but its success may be hampered by the absence of Brazil, home to much of the Amazon rainforest. Brazil did not sign on although three Brazilian states — Acre, Amapa and Amazonas — did.
The participants include many well-known consumer goods makers including Cargill, Nestle, General Mills, Kellogg's, L'Oreal, Procter & Gamble and Unilever. They agree not to source products such as palm oil, soy, paper and beef from land that has been recently or illegally cleared of trees.
Also Tuesday, six global energy companies — but not the mega-U.S.-based ones like ExxonMobil and Chevron —  agreed to work with the U.S. and more than a dozen other countries to reduce their methane emissions that contributes to climate change. They include Norway's Statoil, Britain's BG Group, Italy's ENI, Mexico's state-owned Pemex, Thailand's PTT and Houston-based Southwestern Energy.
"We see this effort as starting small and growing over time," said Nathaniel Keohane, a former Obama administration energy adviser and now vice president of the Environmental Defense Fund, a non-profit group that's leading the initiative on behalf of the Climate and Clean Air Coalition. He said EDF has discussed it with major U.S. oil and natural gas companies but said "not every company is ready to do this right away."
Keohane said emissions of methane can be 84 times as potent as carbon dioxide over a 20-year period but have not been an industry focus until recently. He said a large proportion of these emissions come from a small number of sources so fixing them can make a real difference.
Methane can leak into the atmosphere during the production or transmission of oil and natural gas. The six companies have agreed to identify uncontrolled sources of methane, take steps to fix them such as replacing leaky valves or other equipment and publicly report their experiences. They're not committing to specific reduction targets.
"We've already done a lot of this stuff," Mark Boling, president of Southwestern Energy, told reporters Tuesday. He said his company, the fourth largest U.S. natural gas producer, has reduced 37 billion cubic feet of methane gas since 2007. He said it's done so largely by changing how fluids and gas are discharged after drilling is complete.
The U.S. government doesn't directly regulate methane, but the Environmental Protection Agency has said it will decide in coming months to what extent it will do so in natural gas operations.
44 CONNECT 49 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1snv4KX
Looking for a Job?

Coal crisis poses hurdle to Modi s  Make in India  plansAnilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan Delhi   Edition: October 12, 2014
On the brink: NTPC's Dadri power plant, which had coal stock for only two days as of Sept 9 . Shekhar Ghosh /www.indiatodayimages.com
On September 9, when Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was busy campaigning for his nephew Tej Pratap at the family's pocket borough Mainpuri for the recent bypolls, his key officials were camping in two places for a task that could swing voters' mood in his favour. Their challenge was to secure coal supply for power plants in the state. Eight of 12 power plants had run out of fuel, with four facing a shutdown, and the government had to ensure there were no outages, at least until the votes had been cast.
Sluggish pace: A Coal India mine in Odisha. The state-run miner has consistently failed to meet demand. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
So, officials from the state's power generation company, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, went to Dhanbad in neighbouring Jharkhand, to meet Coal India executives in a desperate bid to resume coal supplies. Naxals had a few days earlier blown up the rail link in Latehar district of Jharkhand and coal was being diverted to Gomuh in Bihar before heading for UP, causing delays and shortages. Meanwhile, N.C. Bajpai, Vice Chairman of the state planning commission, and Sanjay Agarwal, Energy Secretary and Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, were in Delhi to lobby for additional supplies. The day ended with Yadav trading charges with Piyush Goyal, who holds independent charge of both power and coal ministries in the central government.
In Uttar Pradesh, power cuts of eight to 12 hours are common during summer, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. The industrial towns of Ghaziabad, Allahabad and Kanpur are also routinely facing power cuts of 12 hours. No wonder, then, that electricity supply - or the lack of it - had become an important election issue. Akhilesh Yadav has not made any noises about the coal shortage after the bypolls, but for Goyal the coal supply situation and its effect on the power sector is perhaps the biggest and most urgent problem that needs solving.
Click here to Enlarge
Even in the best of times, India manages to produce only 160 gigawatt of electricity out of its total installed capacity of 250 GW. This is largely because of fuel shortages, and coal is the fuel for most of these plants. The country lost more than 15 billion units of electricity due to non-availability of coal in the last two fiscal years, leading to a peak deficit of 15 per cent. A study by industry group FICCI estimates that power problems in 2011/12 caused a loss of $64 billion to the economy, or roughly 0.4 per cent of gross domestic product.
Much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans for industrial revival depends on his ambitious Make in India programme. But those plans will trip unless Goyal can sort out the coal mess and ensure 24/7 power to industrial units across the country. To get all the thermal power plants running at full steam, and also fuel the new plants that will be needed as more industries are set up and the power demand rises, Goyal will need to ensure that the country produces a minimum of one billion tonnes a year. This seems like an ambitious target at this moment, but more on that later.
The worry is that the fuel crisis is worsening and there are no short-term solutions in sight. In 2008, power plants had coal stocks of 10 days on average at the beginning of each month. By 2014, the average has come down to six days. According to the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority, the power ministry's technical wing, thermal power plants have to maintain coal stocks for 15 to 30 days. The agency's data published on coal supplies for September 10 showed that only 12 of 100 plants had stocks for 15 days and 64 plants that make up more than 40 per cent of the country's installed thermal capacity had stocks for a week or less. Since most coal is carried on railway wagons, even the slightest delay in coal supplies can shut down these plants and impact industrial output.
The irony is that India is sitting on an estimated 301 billion tonnes of coal reserves, according to government data. This is enough for another 200 years of India's needs. Yet, the country has been struggling to increase coal supplies to meet the growing requirements of its power and other industries. And while "Coalgate" - the term coined for irregularities in coal mine allocations to private players by past governments - is grabbing all the attention, this is the least of Goyal's problems. Even if the Supreme Court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would only affect 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year in the country. This is because only 40 of the 216 coal mines allocated to private players are actually being mined. The rest are still waiting for environmental or other clearances.
Click here to Enlarge
The bigger problem is that Coal India, the public-sector monopoly that produces 80 per cent of the coal in the country, has been unable to boost production dramatically to meet rising demand. Its annual production has inched up from 431.26 million tonnes in 2009/10 to an estimated 462.46 million tonnes in 2013/14. This has forced power companies to look for alternatives. Some bought coal mines abroad while others relied on gas supply from the Krishna-Godavari Basin, off the country's east coast. Neither option has succeeded. Imports have proved costly while gas supply from the KG basin has fallen drastically, leaving many gas-fired plants idle.
Because of the erratic power situation, companies across the country are depending on backup systems that increase costs. There is a surge in demand for solar power and diesel generation sets, says Kunwer Sachdev, Managing Director at inverter maker Su-Kam Power Systems. Coimbatore-based foundry owner Prabhu Gandhikumar says he shells out Rs 1.5 lakh more on diesel generation sets to run furnaces, in addition to the Rs 2.5-lakh electricity bill he pays. "If I get regular power supply, I will have to pay an additional few thousand rupees, but I can save whatever money I am spending now on diesel sets," he says.
Promises to Keep
In May, Prime Minister Modi formed a BJP-led government at the Centre after a thumping victory in Lok Sabha elections. One of his poll promises was to provide electricity access across the country. In a country where an estimated 30 crore people do not have access to electricity, it is a huge promise. As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi had ensured round-the-clock access to power, and turned around loss-making utilities. To implement his aim at the national level, Modi appointed banker-turned-politician Goyal as minister responsible for both coal and power.
Modi set Goyal the goal of increasing coal production to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. To achieve this target, coal production will have to grow by more than 18 per cent annually. This pace hasn't been achieved in the last decade. India also missed its target to ramp up coal output to 680 million tonnes by the end of the 11th five-year plan (2007-12), as production touched only 540 million tonnes in 2011/12. For perspective, China produces roughly 3.5 billion tonnes a year.
When Goyal took charge of the power ministry, he pushed for higher generation and that added to the fuel supply problem. "In the first three months of the new government - June, July and August - coal-based electricity generation rose 21 per cent," he said. "But the [coal] supply has gone up by only five or six per cent. The stocks are bound to fall," he said on September 7, blaming poor rainfall for the rise in demand for power and coal.
Game Plan
'The [government's] steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground' says Deepak Amitabh, CMD, PTC India. Photo: Vivan Mehra
In the last week of July, nominated Rajya Sabha MP Anu Aga gifted Goyal a book Power Struggle, authored by her late husband Rohinton Aga two decades ago. Goyal says he got several solutions to the coal supply problems from the book. One was optimum utilisation of coal and the second, rationalisation of supplies. On September 3, he allowed state-run NTPC and Gujarat government utilities to swap coal. NTPC, the country's biggest power generator, had been importing coal at ports in Gujarat for its Korba power plant in Chhattisgarh, whereas the Gujarat utilities were procuring it from Coal India's Korba mines. The power ministry believes the swapping arrangement would unclog coal supplies and help save Rs 400 crore to Rs 500 crore.
A coal ministry official says consultancy KPMG has been asked to analyse 200 mines and their supply linkages. "We are expecting more unclogging once the KPMG report comes," the official says. These steps are in the right direction but would require at least six to seven months to show results on the ground, says Deepak Amitabh, Chairman and Managing Director of power trading firm PTC India.
Goyal is pushing ageing power plants to upgrade, especially those which are more than 25 years old. "This will help utilities produce more power from the same amount of coal," says Ashok Khurana, Director General of the Association of Power Producers. Goyal is also working with the railway ministry to expedite work on rail lines to transport coal from mines to power plants. These include the 100-km long Tori-Shivpur-Hazaribagh track in Jharkhand, the Mand-Raigad track in Chhattisgarh, and a 100 to 120-km line between Bhupdevapur and Manoharpur in Orissa. These lines would facilitate evacuation of 60 million tonnes of coal by 2017/18 and up to 200 million tonnes by 2021/22 .
Besides, the Centre is looking to put in place a coal regulator. The previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government had tabled a coal regulator bill in Parliament but it lapsed with the dissolution of the 15th Lok Sabha. The coal ministry has now been asked to work out a "more powerful" coal regulator bill, which might be tabled in the next session. The regulator will likely be empowered to oversee auctioning of coal mines and will also keep an eye on the fuel's prices.
Many Problems, Few Solutions
In 2012, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India questioned the allocation of coal mines between 2004 and 2009 to companies without competitive bidding. At the time, the BJP was in opposition and had slammed the Congress-led UPA government for not auctioning the blocks. The Coalgate scandal has had several twists and turns since then. In August, the Supreme Court declared the 216 blocks allocated since 1993 as illegal. On September 9, the court reserved its order on the fate of the blocks and rejected a plea by steel and power producers to appoint a judicial commission to resolve the issue.
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the BJP's ideological parent, feels that the court ruling is a good opportunity to restart with a clean slate. "The government should come up with a policy which is well thought-out and does not come with a baggage," he says.
Coal ministry officials say they can, within six months, come out with a new policy for allocation of mining blocks once the Supreme Court pronounces its final order. Goyal says the government will comply with the court's verdict on the fate of the allocated blocks and will quickly act to ensure adequate coal supplies to all power plants. "I am confident that if at all there is a disruption, we will keep it to the bare minimum. There might be a short-term disruption but in the medium to long term, we will be able to open up many more [coal mines]," he says.
Some companies feel the court should not penalise them by cancelling the blocks because they were only following the government policy of the day. Other power producers, however, argue that auctions - like in the case of telecom spectrum - may not be a bad idea if it makes coal supply more reliable, although it could push up coal prices and power tariffs.
There are other risks as well if the apex court cancels the blocks. Kameswara Rao, Leader of Energy Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers' India chapter, says cancellation of the blocks would jeopardise a huge amount of bank loans these companies had taken on. Naveen Jindal, whose company Jindal Steel and Power and its subsidiaries face cancellation of 10 mines, says that investment worth Rs 4 lakh crore to develop the mines - otherwise discarded by Coal India - run the risk of going waste. "Of this, Rs 2.5 lakh crore is bank loans," he said. Other companies involved in the scandal include JSW Steel, Hindalco Industries, and NTPC.
The biggest hindrance to increasing coal production has been the delay in environmental and forest clearances. During the UPA regime, then-environment minister Jairam Ramesh's propagation of go and no-go areas for mining and later slow decision making by his successor Jayanthi Natarajan led to delays in approvals. When BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar took charge of the ministry, the message to him from Modi was clear - facilitate, mediate, but don't obstruct.
The ministry has now asked the Forest Survey of India (FSI) to review Ramesh's policy that had led to 30 per cent of coal-bearing areas coming under the no-go zones on environmental grounds. The no-go zone impacted 153 coal-bearing blocks in six states. Environment ministry officials told BT the FSI is changing the parameters fixed to determine these areas and may exclude some areas from the no-go zone. Javadekar told newsmen recently decision making in the environment ministry will now be quicker. "We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry," he said.
Even if the apex court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would affect only 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year
To make mining less polluting for the environment, Harry Dhaul, Secretary General of the Independent Power Producers' Association, suggests a renewed focus on underground mining. A Coal India official says India has 80 billion tonnes of reserves at a depth of 300 metres or more and that the government has asked Coal India to look into the possibility of increasing the contribution of underground mining in coal output to 30 per cent from three to four per cent currently.
'We have made it clear that there will be a simpler, cleaner, speedier and transparent online mechanism in the [environment] ministry' says Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment and Forests. Photo: M Zhazo
Executives from the coal and power industries believe that most steps the Modi government is taking to improve supplies are in the right direction. But not everyone is convinced the measures are enough. Prabir Neogi, CEO for new initiatives on fuel and power at Kolkata-based utility CESC, says it is yet to be seen what role the government envisages for private players in mining, whether they are allowed to do commercial mining or confined to the role of contractors. Neogi, who also heads FICCI's coal committee, says the long-term plan has to revolve around Coal India. Many believe the best solution to improve Coal India's productivity is to break it up into smaller units and make state governments stakeholders. Goyal, however, is not in favour of breaking up the mining behemoth.
It is clear, however, that the situation won't improve overnight. "There are no quick-fix solutions," says Neogi. "The government is plugging the gaps, but we will have to wait till at least March to see any improvement."

Narendra Modi approves transfers  appointments of 48bureaucratsPrime Minister Narendra Modi late on Tuesday approved the transfers and appointments of 48 Joint Secretary-level officers, most of whom were perceived to be close to the UPA.
Written by Amitav Ranjan | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 10:23 am
In the biggest bureaucratic shuffle ever, Prime Minister Narendra Modi late on Tuesday approved the transfers and appointments of 48 Joint Secretary-level officers, most of whom were perceived to be close to the UPA government or had worked in the office of Congress Chief Ministers in the state.
According to sources, the orders were issued after a detailed background check by Intelligence Bureau in September in Delhi as well as in the home cadres of the officers to look for their links with the Congress ministers.
A few of the appointments are central deputation for officers who were working in their parent cadre. While most of the transferred officers are from the Indian Administrative Service, a few are from central services such as Indian Postal Service and Indian Revenue Service.
The swiftness with which the order was issued is depicted from errors in the list where one officer has been named twice while postings of three officers have been done even without the customary approval of the Civil Services Board, which is headed by the Cabinet Secretary.

Nifty unlikely to swing beyond 30-40 pts today: Religare08:00 am
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities believes it will be a dull trade today with only 30-40 points swing around the 50-stock index ahead of the expiry tomorrow.
According to him, the Nifty is likely to test patience today and so, 7980-8000 might be a level one can buy the index.
“So, not more than 30-40 odd points swing in Nifty is what I am expecting for the day rather the Bank Nifty might give some short rolls. Therefore, the best strategy is to trade for 20 points, close to 8,000 on Nifty,” he adds.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What is the strategy on the index today?
A: It’s expiry tomorrow and the Nifty roll is a good 48 percent. In terms of open interest we are close to 1 crore and the last time we started contract, it was close to 1.5. So today will be a dull day. It might test our patience. I am not expecting the Nifty to hover more than 30-40 points odd.
The best trading strategy we can do for the day; let’s say the 8,000 Put writing happened at Rs 20 odd yesterday as well, so 7,980-8000 might be a level one can buy Nifty. So, not more than 30-40 odd points swing in Nifty is what I am expecting for the day rather the Bank Nifty might give some short rolls. Therefore, the best strategy is to trade for 20 points, close to 8,000 on Nifty.
Q: What is your best guess about where the index might end this contract?
A: The most important part that we are seeing is that the Bank Nifty is lagging in rolls. It is almost at 30 percent wherein the Nifty is doing good 48 percent. Apart from the percentage – if one look into open interest then Bank Nifty has another 7 lakh odd to roll and we have two more days and the Nifty would be 56 lakh odd.
The previous low of 7,940, we might not go below 7,980 today but there is a possibility that tomorrow we might make a low closer to 7,960 odd but then the expiry will be closer to 8,000; 8,000 or 8,010 is what I am expecting.
However, tomorrow apart from the index there will be a lot of volume-weighted average price (VWAP) because this is consecutive eight odd sessions where we have seen the Nifty close on a positive month-to-month. So, this might be the first month.
The previous expiry was 7,950, so not more than 50-60 points odd. So, VWAP in terms of scrip would be a big thing to do tomorrow.
Q: On which stocks would you expect a lot of movement in the next 24 hours? Where should we watch out for in terms of trades?
A: We are looking into quant models where we are seeing the money come out. We all know that banks have good weightage in Nifty close to 26 percent odd and we are expecting at least 1.8 percent reduction in that.
I am expecting the money to come out of banks specifically the four big boys into the Nifty and it might get into cement or power sector.
I know that realty is one sector where we have seen – even yesterday the net money that has come into the Indian markets, the net delivery based selling which has come that is exceeded by 9 percent, usually realty has around 19 percent of the delivery of the entire F&O scrip and yesterday it was good 29 percent.
We are seeing money coming out of this sector as well as some in the banks and we are seeing this coming into the cement and the power sector.
However, as I have been saying that tomorrow the most important part is the data that we have today will be used for a VWAP trade but since it’s a trading session I would go with  CESC close to Rs 770, keep a stop loss at Rs 750 and expect Rs 20-25 positive gain on CESC.
Q: Do you also have a trading strategy on Reliance Infrastructure ?
A: We have seen cash-based selling which has come – that was not much in the first half and in second half ideally we have seen some buying coming. Therefore, Reliance Infra’s yesterday’s close was at Rs 636. I am expecting we get a bounce till Rs 640 that is the time to buy and get a good Rs 20-24 on that.
Participatory Notes (P-Notes) are the guys who have paid a lot in derivatives and weakening rupee always attracts more P-Note participation, which was close to 21 percent has come down to 18-90 percent odd.
Therefore, for the month of October we are not positive, we find that there might be some profit booking. We are expecting Nifty at 7,700 and Bank Nifty close to 15,300.
I would not trade beyond this expiry because we have five days off in first week of October and that is exactly why VIX is so low at 11-12 percent. Therefore, rather doing a bear spread and Put with 8,000 and 7,600 for October at Rs 55 is what I may do.
RELATED NEWS

NASA congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan s successful entry into Mars orbitSep 24, 2014 at 09:53am IST
NASA congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan's successful entry into Mars orbit
157
0
New Delhi: As India's Indian Space Research Organisation made history with Mangalyaan successfully entering Mars orbit, United States' National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) congratulated the agency for creating history. NASA's Maven had also reached the orbit of Mars on Tuesday.
"We congratulate ISRO for its Mars arrival! Mars Orbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet," NASA tweeted soon after ISRO's maiden Mars orbiter Mangalyaan successfully entered Mars orbit.
NASA's 2012 Mars mission Curiosity Rover too congratulated ISRO and even welcomed Mangalyaan on the rd planet. "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit (sic)," Curiosity Rover tweeted.
NASA's Maven had also reached the orbit of Mars on Tuesday.
#mangalyaan #mars orbiter mission #indian space research organisation #isro
It was a truly historic moment for India as the country's first Mars Orbiter Mission, popularly known as Mangalyaan, was successfully placed in the red planet's orbit on Wednesday morning.
ISRO has achieved what no space agency in world including NASA managed to do in their first attempt.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. #JourneyToMars pic.twitter.com/lz90flOZLG

Sensex trading flat on selective buyingSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid weak European cues.
After falling over 215 points in the late afternoon trade after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocation, the 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 31 points at 26,744.69.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE index Nifty, after declining below the 8,000 mark by falling 67.05 points or 0.84 per cent to 7,950.05, ended the session at 8,002.40, down 15.15 points.
Brokers said that the selling pressure was witnessed soon after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks, allotted since 1993. Besides, persistent selling by foreign funds also dampened the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 1,185.17 crore yesterday, as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Among BSE sectoral indices, capital goods index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, followed by realty 1.69 per cent, consumer durables 1.27 per cent and banking 1.08 per cent. On the other hand, FMCG index was up 1.75 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.55 per cent and oil & gas 0.23 per cent.
Coal India, HUL, Cipla, ITC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SBIN, Tata Steel, L&T, BHEL and TCS.
Most European stocks fell as a measure of German business confidence dropped and the dollar weakened from a four-year high.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slid 0.1 per cent and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.1 per cent at 9:55 a.m. in London.
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Markets in red; Suzlon plunges 5%; top 15 counters that are in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex off from highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its morning gains and turned choppy in mid-morning trade on Wednesday. The index got support from some bit of buying seen in ITC, HUL , Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band, supported by gains in FMCG and pharma stocks.
"The market which till recently was set to enter a new orbit suddenly seems to have lost fuel. A correction was always on the cards. The F&O expiry and weak global cues added to the choppiness," said IIFL report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 1360.
Hindalco, JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made.
At 10:10 a.m.; Hindalco was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 155.85 and JSPL was down 2.4 per cent to Rs 205.70.
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.1 per cent higher at Rs 221.50.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 279.50.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.13 per cent lower at Rs 964.80.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 75.35.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 922.15.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 155.80.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 2565.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 70.85.
Pidilite Industries: Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 396.50.
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 117.55.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 36.50.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 5 per cent lower at Rs 115.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metal stocks crack up to 5% ahead of SC rulingMetal stocks such as Sesa Sterlite, JSPL slip ahead of SC ruling on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Bhushan Steel
(Ahead of the verdict, metal…)
NEW DELHI: Metal stocks came under bit of selling pressure in trade on Wednesday ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will rule on the fate of coal blocks at 2 p.m. that had been declared illegal earlier on August 25. The top court had declared some 200-odd coal blocks as illegal but had not cancelled them.
Ahead of the verdict, metal stocks such as JSPL, Sesa Sterlite, NMDC, Jindal Steel , JSW Steel, Bhushan Steel slipped are down between 0.3-5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE Metal index was trading 0.13 per cent lower as compared to 0.12 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex.
JSPL was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 208, Sesa Sterlite was down 0.7 per cent to Rs 278.80 and NMDC was trading 0.32 per cent lower at Rs 168.80.
JSW Steel was down 0.4 per cent and Bhushan Steel was trading 4.9 per cent lower at Rs 107.30.
The government has since urged the court not to cancel those 38 which are already in production and another six which were on the verge of production, ET reported.
The rest could be cancelled and re-auctioned, the government has said. Industry bodies are citing massive investments in end use projects to oppose this, saying instead these should be regularised after penalties, but the court is unlikely to do this. Instead it may go with the government advice, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets in the red: Top 15 stocks in focus todayYou are here: Home > Collections
Fifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 07.58AM IST
Tags:
Essar Oil
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
After a flattish start, benchmark indices came under pressure due to weak global cues and lost more than one & half percent in the end. Technically, Nifty has breached previous week's low indicating that pressure is likely to remain in the index.
"The market breadth was also a sign of caution today with the balance tilting strongly toward declines," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty has been trading in 8000-8200 level overall and any move below the crucial psychological and support level of 8000 is likely to result in further downside till 7900," added the report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
Hindalco , JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
Pidilite Industries : Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Educomp Solutions rallies 10% on talks the co is planning to sell its B-schools to AB GroupEducomp Solutions rallies 10% on talks to sell its business schools to AB Group
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 09.31AM IST
(At 09:25 a.m.; Educomp Solutions…)
NEW DELHI: Educomp Solution Ltd rallied 10 per cent in trade on Wednesday on reports that the Aditya Birla Group has been in talks to acquire the schools business of Educomp Solutions, once the country's largest diversified education service provider, as the debt-laden company has been restructuring its business portfolio to deleverage its balance sheet.
At 09:25 a.m.; Educomp Solutions was trading 7.3 per cent higher at Rs 34.90. It hit a low of Rs 34.75 and a high of Rs 35.75 in trade today.
GEMS Education - spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey - and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country, ET reported.
"Educomp has, as part of restructuring, allocated for strategic investments in some of its businesses that increase shareholder value. Educomp's schools business is the leading business of its kind in the sector and generates interest in normal course among investors. However, there is no such proposal under active consideration at this time," the spokesperson told ET.
Currently, the schools business has Rs 919 crore in net debt. As per the annual report figures, in fiscal 2014, it posted a turnover of Rs 84 crore and a loss of Rs 130 crore.
Sources said it is looking to raise around Rs 1,500 crore through this sale process and such rich valuations is unlikely to find any favour with the potential suitors, said the ET report.
Even parent Educomp Solutions - which also underwent a separate debt recast --has been magnetising several of its noncore operations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Short Reliance Infrastructure: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Reliance Infrastructure has broken down from a very large distribution. This may not be about power stocks. This could be about Anil Ambani Group because all these stocks are doing the same thing. I am relating it to it's group performance rather than anything else."
"All charts for those companies are not bullish, it is breaking down. It is a positional short," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Ajay Bodke positive on UPL  ACC  JK Lakshmi CementLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ajay Bodke positive on UPL, ACC, JK Lakshmi Cement
Ajay Bodke of Prabhudas Lilladher is positive on UPL, PI Industries, ACC and JK Lakshmi Cement.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Ajay Bodke of Prabhudas Lilladher told CNBC-TV18, "We continue to remain positive on the agrochemical space names like  UPL and PI Industries . I am positive on the cement space, companies like  ACC and  JK Lakshmi Cement are our preferred picks in cement."
"In auto ancillaries  LG Balakrishna and  Motherson Sumi and in the engineering space it is  Cummins and  Crompton Greaves which remain our top picks and in midcap IT space  KPIT Technologies is what we are looking at in the medium term," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty may trade between 7950-8080: MagnumLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty may trade between 7950-8080: Magnum
According to a report by Magnum Equity Broking, Nifty is likely to trade between 8080 and 7950 with sideways biasness.
Post your opinion here
 
Magnum Equity Broking's Fundamental Report:
Indian market posted their biggest single-day fall in about two-and-a-half months as blue-chips tracked weaker global shares on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 1.58 percent lower at 26,775.69, while the broader Nifty also fell 1.58 percent to 8,017.55. Blue chips led the falls. Shares in ICICI Bank closed 2.6 percent lower after gaining 3.5 percent in the last four sessions.
Shares in Reliance Industries closed down 2.6 percent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp, which gained 3.7 percent on Monday, fell 2.8 percent. Caution also prevails ahead of the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday which traditionally sparks volatility in markets. Investors were also mitigating risk after surveys showed French business activity contracted in September and Germany's manufacturing sector expanded at its slowest pace since June 2013. Meanwhile, a private survey showed China factory activity edged up in September, but also showed unemployment falling to a 5-1/2- year low.
US stocks declined on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq falling for a third day to close at five-week lows, as investors weighed data illustrating a slowing global economy and tracked conflict in the Middle East. Asian stocks declined on Wednesday, tracking losses in US and European markets.
Global cues are subdued today with them SGX Nifty is showing 8 points cut in morning trade indicating that Indian market may open little soft today and Nifty is likely to trade between 8080 and 7950 with sideways biasness.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Obama Urges World to Follow US Lead on ClimateAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Rupee down 7 paise versus dollar in early tradeRupee down 7 paise versus dollar in early trade
India s maiden Mars mission successfulIndia s maiden Mars mission successful
JK Tyre board to consider stock split on September 25JK Tyre board to consider stock split on September 25
Buy midcaps as trading play; valuations expensiveBuy midcaps as trading play; valuations expensive
NRC to hold board meetingNRC to hold board meeting
IFC In Talks With India To Sell $2 Bln In Offshore Rupee BondsIFC In Talks With India To Sell $2 Bln In Offshore Rupee Bonds
Samsung to launch Note 4 in China before iPhone 6Samsung to launch Note 4 in China before iPhone 6
JSW Energy up 4% on nod to raise capacity of Rajasthan MineJSW Energy up 4% on nod to raise capacity of Rajasthan Mine
PM witnesses historic successful insertion of Mars Orbiter Mission into Martian orbitPM witnesses historic successful insertion of Mars Orbiter Mission into Martian orbit
Floods reignite Kashmiri separatismIndia’s flood response failings stoke Kashmir separatist passions
By Victor Mallet in Srinagar
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/112fb526-3e33-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazons made-for-India hiring strategy may soon go globalAmazon
(Through BOLD, Pathways,…)
MUMBAI: Amazon's 'made-for-India' hiring strategy may soon go global. The e-commerce giant is exploring the idea of rolling out Building Operations Leadership (BOLD), its MBA hiring programme unique to India, to other countries as well. "BOLD was launched specifically for India in 2011. Now we have been talking about introducing it in other markets as well," Raj Raghavan , director, HR, Amazon India, told ET. He declined to comment on the other markets under consideration. Where BOLD differs from Pathways - Amazon's global flagship leadership development programme - is that it takes in students with around two to four years of pre-MBA work experience, whereas for Pathways, the average prior work experience required is 7.5 years in opera
"We realised that India was a very different market from the US, where a majority of the students finish their undergraduate programme and work for several years before doing their MBA. In India, from an overall standpoint, there wasn't a big enough MBA student pool with enough experience and we didn't want to disadvantage ourselves. Hence, BOLD," explained Raghavan. Both BOLD and Pathways hire for the operations function that is key to Amazon's success. "The backbone of Amazon is its operational excellence. Because they are so efficient, they can execute faster and keep costs down. Most of the headcount always comes from operations," says Ashish Jhalani, founder of eTailingindia, a research firm that tracks the e-commerce industry.
BOLD, a rotational programme, was launched with the intent to build a pipeline of strong operations managers for tech and non-tech teams in India. This is a structured MBA leadership programme that hones the participants' functional and leadership skills through onthe-job learning.
Pathways aims at developing a pipeline of experienced leaders who are capable of taking on general manager and senior leader positions in operations. Pathways participants are hired for their deep analytical skill set and are expected to develop leadership skills through on-the-job work, business critical assignments and 'crucible' experiences.
Through BOLD, Pathways, as well as direct recruiting of experienced students, Amazon has emerged as one of the most prominent recruiters across campuses. Earlier this year, it made a debut into ET's top recruiters at B-schools list with around 50 hires across top management institutes including IIMs Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Calcutta and SP Jain Institute of Management and Research. It is believed to have hired around 45 students from the executive programme at ISB as well, says a source.
"Our campus hiring will run into several hundreds this year," says Raghavan. That includes MBAs, tech talent (primarily in software development engineer roles) from IITs and NITs as well as interns.
While the company declined to reveal specific numbers, there was an average increase of about 45% to 50% in the B-school student intake in 2013-14 as compared to 2012-13. A similar increase is expected this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi Jinping: People s Liberation Army should be combat ready to win a regional warE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US  partners begin airstrikes in Syria against Islamic State: PentagonISIS militants wave flags in Iraq.
Associated Press | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:45 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:51 am
The U.S. and partner nations began launching airstrikes against Islamic State group targets in Syria for the first time Monday night, expanding a military campaign against the militants with a mix of fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk cruise missiles fired from ships in the region.
The strikes were part of the expanded military campaign that President Barack Obama authorized nearly two weeks ago in order to disrupt and destroy the Islamic State militants, who have slaughtered thousands of people, beheaded Westerners, including two American journalists, and captured a large swath of territory stretching from within Syria to land across northern and western Iraq.
ALSO READ: ISIS, ISIL or Islamic State (IS): Where the name makes a statement 
Because the military operation was ongoing, no details could be provided yet, said Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon’s press secretary. He said the decision to strike was made earlier Monday by the military. He did not name the partner nations participating in the operation; however U.S. officials have said the U.S. would not launch this mission alone and some Arab nations had been expected to participate.
Some of the airstrikes were against Islamic State group targets in Raqqa. Military officials have said the U.S. would target militants’ command and control centers, re-supply facilities, training camps and other key logistical sites.
“We will be prepared to strike ISIL targets in Syria that degrade ISIL’s capabilities,” Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told senators last week, using one of the acronyms for the Islamic State group. “This won’t look like a shock-and-awe campaign, because that’s simply not how ISIL is organized, but it will be a persistent and sustainable campaign.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that the plan “includes targeted actions against ISIL safe havens in Syria, including its command and control logistics capabilities and infrastructure.” He said he and Dempsey approved the plan.
The U.S. has also been increasing its surveillance flights over Syria, getting better intelligence on potential targets and militant movements.
Military leaders have said about two-thirds of the estimated 31,000 Islamic State militants were in Syria.
In a speech Sept. 10, Obama vowed to go after the Islamic State militants wherever they may be. And his military and defense leaders told Congress last week that airstrikes within Syria are meant to disrupt the group’s momentum and provide time for the U.S. and allies to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels.
The U.S. military has been launching targeted airstrikes in Iraq since August, focusing specifically on attacks to protect U.S. interests and personnel, assist Iraqi refugees and secure critical infrastructure. Last week, as part of the newly expanded campaign, the U.S. began going after militant targets across Iraq, including enemy fighters, outposts, equipment and weapons.
To date U.S. fighter aircraft, bombers and drones have launched about 190 airstrikes within Iraq. Urged on by the White House and U.S. defense and military officials, Congress passed legislation late last week authorizing continued…

Modi govt promises 40% more grain under Food LawCentral Government
(Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said…)
NEW DELHI: The Modi government promises a 40% increase in the supply of heavily subsidised grain as it seeks to expand coverage under the food security law, a move that can inflate the subsidy bill and disappoint critics who thought the new regime would abandon UPA's entitlement-based approach.
Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said monthly entitlement of 5 kg foodgrain per person under food security law was meagre. "The focus of the government will be on providing food security to all. With huge stocks of grain in the country we want to increase monthly entitlement to 7 kg," he told ET in an interview. He said the food law passed by the previous government was inadequate.
"I feel the Food Security Act was prepared hurriedly. In my understanding during three months in government, it does not have clear concepts," Paswan said.
He said Modi himself, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, had observed that the grain provided under the Act was too less.
Paswan was silent about the food subsidy bill, which is already projected to be Rs 1.15 lakh crore this year, but analysts said additional grain would cost a lot of money.
Tejinder Narang, a Delhi-based analyst said the bill may rise by about 15% apart from starving the open market, which would raise prices. Pramod Joshi, director, International Food Policy Research Institute, said if the government is raising the quantity of susbsidised grain it would also be looking at steps like focusing on the poorest households and direct cash transfers subsidies following the campaign to open bank accounts.
The issue of food security came to the centre stage last year when Sonia Gandhi spearheaded the food security law in the last year of the UPA government.
It aims to give over 61 million tonnes of wheat, rice and coarse grains priced between Re 1 and Rs 3 per kg to 81 crore people. The law was seen as a key tool in the Congress party's bid to be voted back to power but it was eventually trounced by Modi-led BJP. The Bharatiya Janata Party had earlier showcased the food security apparatus in states ruled by the party as better solutions for combating hunger and deprivation.
Paswan said welfare of the people was a key priority and the Central government would not budge from its position despite international pressure to change its stance to facilitate an agreement under the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Some analysts say the issue of food security may be raised during Modi's visit to the US. Paswan said there was a huge difference in the mindset of a developing and developed country.
"We are a welfare state and we have a public responsibility. We have to protect the interest of farmers and the poor man. Not just USA, but some of our own experts feel that subsidy should end," he said. Paswan said it was a huge challenge to store grain and check leakages in transportation and distribution.
A high-powered committee under Himachal Pradesh MP Shanta Kumar would submit its report in three months on restructuring Food Corporation of India (FCI).
He said there were numerous complaints about irregularities in the FCI, the biggest organisation under its ministry. "The first major problem is on damage. Products that come from FCI godown or from rakes is not of proper quality. Sometimes it doesn't reach fair price shops or beneficiaries," the food minister said. "It goes to the open market. Quality is only on paper, not physically. Sometimes, we find grain rotting in the open. There is nobody to buy it. If it has been bought, then it is not stored properly," he added.
"In the public distribution system, there so much 'dhandebazi' (corruption) irrespective of states. Wherever you go, you will not find the correct beneficiary's names; there are problems in quality and quantity. We have started door-todoor delivery. Now with the usage of new technology like CCTV and GPS, we should be able to track trucks, storage position in grounds. We have to see how successful we are," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ministry invites suggestions to rename three schemesRural development ministry invites suggestions to rename three central programmes
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
central programmes
(The exercise, being carried…)
NEW DELHI: The department of land resources under the ministry of rural development has invited suggestions for new logo, unique names and catchy taglines for three of its important programmes as the Narendra Modi-led government has kick-started the exercise to rebrand and rename central programmes to popularise them and help people identify with them.
The exercise, being carried out on the lines of Gujarat, includes the Integrated Watershed Management Programme (IWMP), the National Land Records Modernisation Programme (NRLMP) and the World Bank-assisted National Watershed Management Project Neeranchal.
The ministry has decided to award the winning entries with acash price of Rs50,000 for IWMP and Rs40,000 each for NRLMP and Neeranchal. Besides this, the five shortlisted entries for each of three programmes will also get Rs10,000 each.
The ministry wants to rebrand the programmes with logo, name and taglines that are unique, dynamic, progressive and scalable, communicate the essence of the programme and its objectives and represent the cultural ethos of the country, the ministry said in a notice.
The issue was raised by the prime minister at the first secretary-level meeting in July. According to the officials present at the meeting, Modi had suggested that ministries rebrand the programmes with short and crisp names, which could even be abbreviations but ensure top-of-mind recall for the target group, citing the example of the GIFT-City in Gujarat.
ET had earlier reported that several key ministries involved with social sector programmes are looking at renaming their important flagship programmes so that people can relate to them faster.
As chief minister of Gujarat for about 13 years, Narendra Modi had renamed most of its flagship schemes such as UMEED, Mission Mangalam and Nirmal Gujarat.
The Gujarat International Finance Tec-City or GIFT-City is a global financial hub while UMEED is a market-driven, aptitude based skill upgradation programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NSA to collate with Intelligence Bureau to counter Left-wing extremismcentre
(Centre has asked Research…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked Alok Joshi, the chief of India's external intelligence agency, the Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW), along with the chiefs of the Intelligence Bureau (IB) and Joint Intelligence Committee to give their inputs for a new strategy being framed to counter Left-wing extremism .
ET has learnt that Home Minister Rajnath Singh asked Joshi on September 12 to give inputs for the new policy after reports with the ministry suggested that the CPI (Maoist) was also drawing support from organisations abroad. "The R&AW has been roped in for the first time to frame a strategy to counter the ideological or financial support being received by CPI (Maoist) from abroad," a senior home ministry official said.
NSA Ajit Doval, who was also present at the meeting, is said to be overseeing the exercise of collating the inputs from all intelligence agencies and incorporating them into a cohesive policy, tentatively named 'Strategic and Tactical Paradigm to Combat Maoist Insurgency'. The policy will be sent to all affected states for their views and is expected to take the final shape by October, a ministry official said.
Singh is visiting Jharkhand on Tuesday for a review of the situation after a report prepared by the ministry said anti-Maoist operations have yielded "very poor results". "Largescale extortions and levy collection by Maoists and presence of seven splinter Naxal groups in Jharkhand, the worst Naxal-affected state, make the situation worse in the state."
FEATURED ARTICLES

More Flipkarts IITs to teach entrepreneurshipYou are here: Home > Collections
Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurship
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 08.31AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Other IITs in Madras,…)
NEW DELHI: IITs have always produced a steady stream of entrepreneurs, including those behind celebrated companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal . Many IITs also have thriving incubation cells that seek to spawn such entrepreneurs. IIT-Madras is even raising a startup fund. Now, finally, IITs are gearing up to teach entrepreneurship in the classroom.
IITs in Delhi, Kharagpur and Hyderabad are planning to bring entrepreneurship at the forefront of their BTech curriculum, and plan to launch minor as well as elective courses on the subject from next year. Other IITs in Madras, Mumbai, Gandhinagar, Kanpur, Patna and Mandi have just taken baby steps to include entrepreneurship in their curriculum. These steps could further whip up a culture of entrepreneurship at the IITs and in the country, entrepreneurs and investors say.
"This will benefit students who are not born into a business family, but yet aspire to run a company," Sasha Mirchandani, managing partner and founder of Kae Capital and founder of Mumbai Angels, a network of investors, said. "If you have faculty members teaching entrepreneurship, students would be more willing to learn about start-ups and businesses," he added.
IIT-Delhi recently introduced courses on entrepreneurship. These could evolve into a minor, PV Madhusudan Rao of the mechanical engineering department of IIT-Delhi, said. A minor is a pre-defined course in a focus area whereas an elective is an optional departmental or open-category course. Patna is another IIT thinking about launching a minor in entrepreneurship.
"With a subject like entrepreneurship being taught by actual entrepreneurs, it will help, support and guide young entrepreneurial ventures in the right direction," said Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches the subject at IIT-Hyderabad and is the chairman at IIT-Patna. "It could play a crucial role in reducing the number of failed start-ups," he added.
IIT-Kharagpur is considering a micro or thin specialisation in engineering entrepreneurship for its BTech students from next year, said PP Das, head of Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT-Kharagpur. This summer, IIT-Gandhinagar sent a dozen engineering students to attend a course on entrepreneurship at Technion, a technology institute in Israel.
"Since inception, IIT-Gandhinagar has been focusing on entrepreneurship as we do not want to be an institute offering a vanilla degree in BTech. We are offering entrepreneurship as both an elective and minor," said Sudhir K Jain, director at IIT-Gandhinagar. IIT-Madras is raising a fund for start-ups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why big brands like Canon & Samsung turn to e-tailersCanon
(Several consumer electronics…)
KOLKATA: When Philips India recently launched a specially designed entry-level shaver targeted at male consumers in smaller towns, what convinced the Dutch firm about its market potential was data culled primarily from e-commerce and search sites, validated by its own research.
A Philips official said tracking sales and browsing data of such products helped the firm notice high interest in shavers in tier-II towns and the features and price range they were looking for, which convinced the firm to roll out a new product with a starting price of Rs 900, about 40% less than the previous entry-level product.
Consumer electronics companies, smartphone makers, apparel and lifestyle brands are increasingly sourcing consumer data research from e-commerce firms on the back of rapid growth of online shopping and product searches in the country, pitting the likes of Flipkart and Snapdeal against market research firms such as Nielsen and GfK .
"Big data gathering has been a key goal for major e-commerce players. Now that a significant data has been gathered, companies have started mining insights and actions from this big data," said Sachin Oswal, co-founder and chief operating officer of e-commerce firm Infibeam.
He said apparel and jewellery brands use "purchase data" of customers to plan new product styles, including material and colour, based on its analytics system while electronic brands are using it to plan inventory levels. Brands are also diving into the shopping history and reaching out to consumers via personalised newsletters and notifications, Oswal said.
Several consumer electronics brands, including Canon, Samsung , Panasonic and Sony, have either tied up with e-commerce firms, or plan to do so, to tap into their goldmine of consumer data.
Panasonic India MD Manish Sharma said the company plans to tap consumer insight from online sales for product development, creating pricing and launch strategies. "We will primarily use it for televisions, smartphones and beauty care products," he said.
Brands say data from online retailers cost a fraction of the hefty fees market research firms charge. Often it comes at no cost if they have direct business agreements with the retailer.
Many brands already avail data analytics services of search major Google, which is often the starting point for a lot of e-commerce transactions. Canon buys consumer surfing data on cameras from Google to understand what features, colour and specifications consumers are searching.
"This kind of data analytics is insightful for our planning and strategy," said Alok Bharadwaj, executive vice president at Canon India. "However, the next big wave of research will be the e-commerce websites where consumers have a much deeper level of engagement," he said, adding that Canon plans to soon tap e-commerce sites too for data.
Almost one-fourth of digital SLR camera sales in the country already take place on the internet.
Vivek Sharma, vice president and head of marketing at Philips India, said that since many e-commerce platforms have transformed into marketplaces where goods are sold by multiple vendors, sharing of data from these platforms is governed by different set of guidelines. "We rely equally on our own consumer research and analytics across digital mediums and social networks to gain consumer insight," he said.
Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder of online retail website Shopclues. com, said merchants registered on its e-commerce platform have access to a wealth of data that gives them store analytics, sales data, promotions tracking and invaluable customer insight.
"The fact that e-tailing can be integrated seamlessly with other digital media like mobile and social, is a big advantage for new brands in the market," she said. The size of India's e-commerce market last year was estimated at around $13 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Social Media Week kicks off in Mumbaipicture  others
Social Media Week kicks off in Mumbai
(From Left to Right) MSNBC journalist Richard Lui, Maharashtra Health Minister and Congress leader Suresh Shetty, Indian Express New Media head Anant Goenka, New Media head at Reliance Industries Gautam Chikermane, Twitter India head Rishi Jaitley and BJP MP Poonam Mahajan at Mumbai’s second edition of the Social Media Week (SMW 2014). (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
Social media has changed the political campaign and discourse in India like never before, agreed a panel discussing the learnings from the Lok Sabha elections and the last two US elections as part of the Social Media Week Mumbai on Monday.
Panelists are seen participating in the discussion. (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
The panel was hosted by The Indian Express Group as part of the Social Media Week, being organised simultaneously in many cities across the world. (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
Indian Express New Media Head Anant Goenka makes a point during the discussion. (Source: Express photo by Dilip Kagda)
Related

Alibaba founder Jack Ma now China s richest manAlibaba founder Jack Ma tops China rich list with $25 bn fortune
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 17:08 IST
Jack Ma, executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding (Photo: Reuters)
Jack Ma, executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding, has become China's richest man with a fortune estimated at $25 billion, underscoring the ascension of tech tycoons over real estate peers in the world's second biggest economy.
Ma knocked Wang Jianlin, head of the Wanda property group, into second place with $24.2 billion, according to this year's list of China's super-rich published by Hurun Reports Inc.
Hurun said its rankings were accurate as of mid-August. It was not immediately clear what valuation it used for Alibaba.
A record-setting IPO this month catapulted Alibaba's valuation to well over $200 billion. Ma owns 7.8 per cent of Alibaba and also made gains of some $850 million by selling shares in the offering.
Tech billionaires accounted for half of the top 10 names and included Tencent Holdings founder Pony Ma in fifth place with a $18.1 billion fortune and Baidu Inc CEO Robin Li in sixth position with $17.5 billion.
Making the top 10 for the first time were cellphone company Xiaomi Inc co-founder Lei Jun and e-commerce entrepreneur Liu Qiangdong who led JD.com to a New York listing this year - in ninth and tenth position respectively.
While six real estate developers occupied the top 10 places in 2013, just two made the cut this year, a reflection of a Chinese housing market that has stalled for several quarters.
Despite the size of Alibaba's IPO, only one other Alibaba shareholder, Simon Xie, made Hurun's list, coming in at No. 177. Xie is an Alibaba vice president and co-founder who holds significant shares in the company alongside Ma.
Although the vast majority of the roughly 1,100 people tracked by Hurun saw their wealth grow, it's tense times for the Chinese elite as President Xi Jinping's administration continues its far-reaching corruption crackdown in both the public and private sectors.
According to Hurun, five members of its rich list are under investigation, two have been imprisoned, two are awaiting sentencing, one has been sentenced to death, while one - the flamboyant Sichuan businessman Li Yan - has disappeared altogether.
Hurun said it counted a record 354 US dollar billionaires in mainland China, up 13 per cent from last year and which compares with just 65 billionaires in 2012.
"The entrepreneurial spirit that has caught China seems not to be abating, with eight self-made individuals born in the eighties making the list," said British accountant Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report chairman and chief researcher.
(Reuters)

AAP  Congress slam Delhi government for hiking circle ratesAAP  Congress slam Delhi government for hiking circle rates
Russia moves to cap foreign media ownershipRussia moves to limit foreign ownership of media outlets
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f83e04ee-4339-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Price cap relief for drug makersPrice cap relief for drug makers
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn a set of guidelines issued in May, invoking a public interest clause, based on which it had reduced the prices of 108 medicines in the anti-diabetes and cardiovascular segment and promised to bring many more under price control.
The move followed a directive from the government on Friday. However, the price ceilings imposed by the regulator in July remain, as NPPA has withdrawn the guidelines and not the order.
Official sources said the government’s department of pharmaceuticals, under the ministry of chemicals and fertilizer, had sought the law ministry’s opinion on the regulator’s capping of prices of drugs that were otherwise outside price control. NPPA had invoked Paragraph 19 in the Drugs Price Control Order, 2013 — this empowered it to order a reduction in the price of medicines in “extraordinary” circumstances in the public interest.
REVISITING THE NORMS
NPPA had reduced prices of 108 medicine packs in anti-diabetes and cardiovascular segment and promised to bring many more under price control
Currently, 348 essential medicines are directly under price control
Prices of all these medicines are capped by NPPA at the average of all medicines in a particular segment with more than one per cent market share
For others, firms are free to price medicines
It appears the law ministry suggested the government  withdraw the power delegated to NPPA under this clause.
The July pricing order was seen as impacting the profit margins of major drug makers. Both domestic and multinational drug manufacturers have already approached different high vourts against the price cap order.
NPPA had, beside invoking the Para 19 clause, raised concern over large inter-brand differences in the market. It said this indicated “severe market failure”. To fill this perceived gap, it identified eight therapeutic areas with disease intensity and said if the price of any drug in these categories was more than 25 per cent higher than the most expensive medicine among the regulated products, then the price of such drugs would be capped by NPPA.
Currently, 348 essential medicines are directly under price control. Prices of these are capped by NPPA at the average of all medicines in a particular segment with more than one per cent market share. For all other drugs, companies are free to price their products, though there is a restriction on the raising of prices in any year.

HCC in talks with Piramal  others for sale of road assetsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

40 Years Ago... And now: HUL - From  intrepreneur  to subsidiary40 Years Ago... And now: HUL - From 'intrepreneur' to subsidiary
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:49 AM IST
"It's been 10 years since you have made any meaningful acquisition. Why?" Unilever chief executive Paul Polman was asked this question during his first trip to India after being appointed the conglomerate's global head.
Polman was meeting the Indian media for the first time, at a brand new office of subsidiary Hindustan Unilever (HUL) in Andheri here. HUL had moved here after 47 years at Lever House, the company's iconic headquarters at Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate. It was a historic moment, celebrated with much aplomb. And, Polman was in high spirits, following the inauguration of the office. As such, the journalist's question caught him off guard. He had no answer. To an extent, it reflected the growing grip of the Anglo-Dutch parent over the local subsidiary and the diminution of HUL's image in India.
To be sure, HUL remains the country's largest fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company and the jewel in Unilever's crown, providing the world's second-largest consumer goods company about eight per cent of its annual revenues. This contribution is expected to grow, as India's long-term consumption story remains intact.
Last year, in an affirmation of India's growing importance, Unilever increased its stake in HUL from 52.5 per cent to 67.3 per cent, with a Rs 29,200-crore open offer, the largest such offer in India. While Unilever consolidated its presence here, its hold over the local management was, in a sense, complete. Unilever's domination was in sharp contrast to the culture of HUL, known as Hindustan Lever, or HLL, till 2007, through the 40 years of business history this series covers.
Since its inception in November 1956 to the mid-1990s, HUL had a history of powerful and, as company observers say "iconic", chairmen, following the merger of three subsidiaries - Hindustan Vanaspati Manufacturing Company, Lever Brothers Ltd and United Traders Ltd.
Giants such as Prakash Tandon, T Thomas, A S Ganguly, S M Datta and K B Dadiseth were responsible for shaping the company's future, with entrepreneurial zeal and passion. Like the Tata satraps during the time of J R D Tata, these men dominated the corporate world during their tenures.
Consider Prakash Tandon, HUL's first Indian chairman (appointed in 1961). He was responsible for introducing many noteworthy practices such as the popular management trainee programme that ensured the company was a breeding ground for good managers. To this day, HUL retains this edge, as a flag-bearer of premium management talent.
The company's relentless focus on market research, product development and innovation was also a legacy attributed to Tandon. He persuaded parent Unilever to set up a research centre here in the 1960s. This allowed the company to develop products locally, using local ingredients and processes, helping cut costs and respond to market challenges quickly.
T Thomas, chairman from 1973 to 1980, contributed to bringing an end to the government's price control of soaps in the 1970s. He did this by introducing a mass-market soap brand---Saral. At that time, India, among the world's largest importers of crude oil, was reeling under global oil shocks. To tackle the resultant inflation, the Indira Gandhi government had imposed price controls on manufactured products, including soaps and vanaspati, in 1973. Thomas's response, on a suggestion from senior Cabinet minister Jagjivan Ram (for which he sought approval from Gandhi), ensured HUL cut the losses it had incurred in the first half of 1974 (the first loss in the company's history), bringing it back on the growth path.
In a special issue HUL brought out in 2008 to celebrate its 75th anniversary, Thomas wrote: "If price control had continued for some more time, HLL would have suffered mounting losses. In that case, even Unilever would have lost patience and considered ways of pulling out of India, as it had done in some African countries."
By the 1990s, HUL was pushing hard on mergers and acquisitions (M&As), led by S M Datta (1990-96) and, subsequently, K B Dadiseth (1996-2000). Expansion of its core FMCG business and diversification into new areas such as cosmetics, foods and women's hygiene characterised HUL's 'M&A decade'.
In 1994, Datta led the merger of HUL's key competitor, Tata Oil Mills Company, with itself, a move that gave corporate watchers a shape of things to come, just as the Indian market was opened to global competition, following the end of the licence raj.
Joint ventures with US-based Kimberly-Clark (for baby and women hygiene products) and Tata's Lakme (for cosmetics) followed.
In 1993, Unilever's second subsidiary, Brooke Bond, acquired the Kisan business (jams and ketchup) from the UB Group, and Dollops ice-cream from Cadbury's, marking its foray into the foods segment. In 1994, the Kwality ice-cream business was acquired by Brooke Bond and the latter merged with Lipton India to form Brooke Bond Lipton India Ltd. In 1996, Datta merged this company with HUL by Datta to bring all businesses under "one roof".
K B Dadiseth, Datta's successor, kept the M&A momentum going, merging Pond's India with HUL in 1998, acquiring Tata's 50 per cent stake in the Lakme-Lever joint venture, and buying 74 per cent in Modern Foods, the first public sector company to be divested by the government, in 2000 (the remaining 26 per cent was acquired in 2002).
Much of this inorganic growth was a means for HUL to acquire market share in an arena that was rapidly turning hyper-competitive and to use the new-found domination to cut supplier costs and hold margins.
In the new millennium, HUL opted to go slow on the M&A front, choosing to build its business organically. In part, the decision was led by a need to consolidate its operations, following the frenetic pace with which it had bought and merged companies in the 1990s. This was also a time when competition with rivals such as Procter & Gamble was heating up in categories such as detergents.
Thus began HUL's focus on core operations, under chairman M S 'Vindi' Banga (2000-2005). He famously devised HUL's power brands strategy, which meant focus on 35 core products across detergents, soaps, personal products and packaged foods. Brands with a pan-India and international appeal (such as Lux, Lifebuoy, Fair & Lovely, Wheel, Surf, Rin, Knorr, Kissan, Dove, Ponds, Lakme, Brooke Bond) gained from this exercise, while regional gems (Breeze, Liril, Moti, Hamam, Rexona, etc) were relegated to the background.
With a focus on bigger and more global brands, it wasn't surprising that HUL's dependence on its parent grew. At the same time, Unilever was also beginning to take greater hold of its Indian operations, under what it called the 'One Unilever' policy; this strategy would be increasingly determined by the parent. The policy also paved the way for the company's name being changed from HLL to HUL in 2007. In an increasingly globalised world, HUL's senior executives and managers turned to the parent for technological transfers, best practices and brands. While products such as water purifier Pureit were Indian creations, these were largely few and far between. Chief executives came and went, but didn't quite dominate the scene as their predecessors had from the 60s to the 90s.
Today, HUL is on its way to increasing the royalty it pays to its parent - from 1.4 per cent (the rate till January last year) to 3.15 per cent of its turnover by March 2018.
HUL's dependence on Unilever appears complete.
A WALK THROUGH TIME
1956: Hindustan Lever Ltd is formed following the merger of Hindustan Vanaspati Manufacturing Company, Lever Brothers Ltd and United Traders Incorporated
 
1961: Prakash Tandon appointed as chairman of HLL, the first Indian to be appointed to the position
 
1963: HLL headquarters at Backbay Reclamation, Mumbai, opened; called Lever House
 
1975: Ten-year modernisation plan for soaps and detergent plants put in place
 
1982: Government allows 51 per cent Unilever shareholding in HLL
 
1993: Brooke Bond India acquires the Kissan brand from UB Group
 
1994: Tata Oil Mills Company merges with HLL
 
1996: HLL and Lakme Ltd form 50:50 joint venture
 
1996: Brooke Bond Lipton India Ltd merges with HLL
 
1998: Ponds India merges with HLL
 
1998: HLL acquires Lakme Ltd's 50 per cent stake
 
2000: HLL acquires 74 per cent stake in Modern Food Industries
 
2007: Company name changed to Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL)
 

Mandelas widow warns on climate changeClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba inspires Tata Group to get into e-com space | Need larger car mkt: Ratan TataAlibaba Group
(Tata already operates an…)
NEW DELHI: The Tata Group plans a bigbang entry into the Indian ecommerce space with the marketplace model that has been made immensely successful by Alibaba — which just made a record initial public offering in the US — and has also been emulated domestically by Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal, according to two people familiar with Tata Group's plans.
The initiative will be led by Tata Industries Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Tata Sons that shepherds the group's entry into new businesses, and not by its existing retail units, said one of the persons.
"Tata Industries incubates new businesses as they have done with Tata's entry into auto components and telecom ventures," said the person, who didn't want to be named. "Then such businesses are taken forward by their respective units." A Tata Sons spokesperson said the group is eyeing the country's ecommerce business but did not elaborate on plans. "Suffice it to say that ecommerce is of interest to the Tata Group. We will share more information at the appropriate moment," the person said.
To be sure, Tata already operates an ecommerce site for its consumer electronics business Croma, but the marketplace model will allow any vendor to sell on the platform, similar to what Amazon or Flipkart do in India. Ecommerce marketplaces make money by charging fee or commission from merchants using them.
Tata is modeling its business on Tmall.com, the Alibaba Group's marketplace, said the second person cited above. This, along with twin B2C marketplace Taobao.com, generated about $248 billion in gross merchandise sales last year for the Chinese company, more than that of Amazon.com and eBay put together.
The yet-to-be-named marketplace is planned to be rolled out next year and will initially showcase Tata's existing retail chain brands such as Westside, Croma and Star Bazaar. Tata is also working to rope in joint venture partner Zara, which otherwise sells online only through its own sites globally, to sell on the platform, the person added.
Tata has already started the process of hiring people as well enrolling vendors for its marketplace, the person said.
India's ecommerce market has been red-hot in recent years with market leader Flipkart clocking a valuation of $7 billion in a July funding round when it raised $1 billion from a clutch of existing investors. A day later, Amazon announced plans to invest $2 billion in India.
India's online retail business is expected to surge to between $19 billion and 38 billion, from about $2.3 billion in annual sales now, according to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors.
Enticed by the potential, several Indian companies, including Reliance Industries, are planning online retailing forays. Tata has a sizeable presence in real-world retail, which includes high-profile JVs with Britain's Tesco, Spain's Zara and No. 1 coffee chain Starbucks . Interestingly, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, has invested personally in Snapdeal and online jewellery retailer Bluestone in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Graa Machel says world leaders pledges at one-day UN climate summit fail to match scale of problemClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US needs precision politics against IsisUS needs precision politics if bombs are to defeat Isis
By David Gardner in Beirut
Regional consensus is needed to stop the jihadis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0128c592-4328-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent crude futures settle lowerBrent crude futures settle lower
E-cigarettes fail to help cancer patients kick the buttE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brent slips further from $97 as ample supply...Brent slips further away from $97 as ample supply weighs
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.35AM IST
Brent for November delivery fell 31 cents to $96.54 a barrel by 0312 GMT. US crude slipped 1 cent to $91.55 a barrel.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude fell for a third day on Wednesday, slipping further below $97 a barrel as inflated supplies and weak economic data from Europe outweighed rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
The European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq and Nigeria overshadowed a boost from China with Tuesday's release of a better-than-expected flash Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for September. US air strikes on militants in Syria also failed to lift prices.
Brent for November delivery slipped 1 cent to $96.84 a barrel by 0704 GMT, although US crude rose 29 cents to $91.85 a barrel.
"Oil prices did not really gather the support coming from China's manufacturing data from yesterday as softer European manufacturing data followed," said Ben Le Brun , a market analyst at OptionsXpress in Sydney.
The European Central Bank faces an uphill task to spur growth as euro zone business activity expanded at a slightly weaker pace than expected in September as firms cut prices for the 30th month in a row, a survey showed on Tuesday.
Manufacturing and services output in the bloc's top two economies, Germany and France , has also slowed.
August crude inventories in China, excluding strategic reserves, were higher than the previous month.
China's 2015 economic growth, however, is expected to be "well above" 7 per cent, according to the International Monetary Fund on Wednesday.
But for now, oil prices are under pressure and even US manufacturing activity, which held near a 4-1/2-year high this month, and tensions in the Middle East have failed to turn the market around.
The United States and Arab allies bombed militant groups in Syria for the first time on Tuesday, killing scores of Islamic State fighters.
"We've got some push-pull factors working in the market at the moment," said Le Brun at OptionsXpress, referring to geopolitical tensions and ample supplies. "The major point is that the market is very well supplied."
Iraq and Nigeria are stepping up exports, adding even more oil to the market, while output in Libya has rebounded.
Libya is producing 800,000 barrels per day (bpd), up about 14 per cent from Sunday, after the El Sharara oil field restarted production.
Exports from Iraq's southern terminals have averaged 2.58 million bpd, according to shipping data for the first 23 days of September tracked by Reuters, up from August's average of 2.38 million.
Nigeria's oil exports are expected to hit a 14-month high in November, adding more light, sweet crude oil to an already well-supplied market.
US OIL PRICE RISE SEEN SHORT-LIVED
In the United States, investors were waiting for weekly oil inventories data from the Energy Information Administration later on Wednesday for indications about demand in the world's largest oil consumer.
Crude inventories fell by 6.5 million barrels in the week to Sept. 19, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday. Analysts in a Reuters poll were expecting inventories to have risen by 400,000 barrels..
But any long-term rise in prices for US oil is unlikely.
"Crude prices rose likely due to price corrections as WTI Nov 14 remained lower than Sep 14 when the Sep 14 contract closed," Phillip Futures said in a note.
"The overall signal for WTI is still on its bearish trend. We do not expect this rise in prices to continue," it added.
(Editing by Florence Tan, Muralikumar Anantharaman and Alan Raybould)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/1mOhleeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Soda giants to cut calories 20% by 2025
The nation's beverage behemoths — Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and Dr Pepper Snapple Group —  on Tuesday announced a shared goal to reduce the number of beverage calories consumed per person nationally by 20% by 2025.
Post to Facebook
Soda giants to cut calories 20% by 2025 The nation's beverage behemoths — Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and Dr Pepper Snapple Group —  on Tuesday announced a shared goal to reduce the number of beverage calories consumed per person nationally by 20% by 2025. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uEqyUS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
21
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Soda giants to cut calories 20% by 2025
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 1:38 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
FILE - This Feb. 13, 2014 file photo shows sugary sodas in Sacramento, Calif.
(Photo: Rich Pedroncelli AP)
334 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Imagine the nation's beverage behemoths essentially asking folks to drink fewer sugary soft drinks — not more.
On Tuesday, Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and Dr Pepper Snapple Group came close to that by announcing a shared goal to reduce the number of beverage calories consumed per person nationally by 20% by 2025.
The move, announced at the Clinton Global Initiative, does not reduce the actual calories in  a 12-ounce can of conventional soda, which is about 150 calories.  Instead, the beverage companies pledged to take specific actions to reduce soft drink calorie consumption — like selling smaller portion sizes and increasing promotion of products such as bottled water.
The companies jointly pledged to provide calorie counts and promote calorie awareness on the vending machines, fountain dispensers and retail coolers that they control nationwide.
"This is the single largest voluntary effort by an industry to help fight obesity and leverages our companies' greatest strengths in marketing, innovation and distribution," said Susan Neely, CEO of the American Beverage Association, the industry's trade group, in a statement. "This initiative will help transform the beverage landscape in America."
The action comes at a time when beverage industry sales of most carbonated soft drinks — both sugared and artificially sweetened — have been falling. Sales of non-diet soda have fallen by 15% since 1998 and, more recently, sales of diet soft drinks also have begun to decline.  These declines have nudged the beverage makers to begin to produce other kinds of lower calorie products and more water options.
At the same time, the beverage giants face a threat of voter or legislative action if they don't take some concrete steps themselves to reduce calories.  On Nov. 4, voters in San Francisco and Berkeley, Calif.,  will vote on whether to impose excise taxes on sugar drinks.
The progress of the beverage industry's new initiative will be tracked. The beverage companies will retain an independent, third-party evaluator to track their progress. This will be done in conjunction with the Alliance for a Healthier Generation, an organization founded by the American Heart Association and the Clinton Foundation.
But one consumer watchdog group says that, while the action is commendable, it's inadequate.
"The announced action is not nearly big enough or fast enough to protect the public's health," says Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest.  The group already has petitioned the Food and Drug Administration to lower the sugar content of soft drinks by 75%, but has not received a response yet, says Jacobson.
One nutritional expert is wholly unimpressed.
"Consumption trends are moving in this direction already, so they might be promising something that will happen no matter what they do," says Kelly Brownell, dean of the Sanford School of Public Policy at Duke University. "These companies are under fire, and promises without substance will not help."
334 CONNECT 100 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uEqyUS
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Rupee weakens to 61.01 on dollar demandRupee closes a tad lower at 60.97
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The rupee closed almost flat on Wednesday at 60.97 as the markets remained on the edge over the apex court’s impending order on cancelling the licenses of coal blocks allocated since the year 1993. Also, the currency market movement remained muted as the month end demand for dollars from oil importers weighed on it.
The Indian unit had closed at 60.95 on Tuesday.
It opened at 61.01 and then moved in the narrow 60.92 – 61.05 range.
The rupee is likely to trade with a downward bias ahead of the RBI monetary policy next week amid strengthening dollar, according to experts.
Call Rates, G-sec yields up
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended at 8 per cent from a close of 7.60 per cent on Tuesday.
The price on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, fell to Rs 99.44 from Tuesday’s close of Rs 99.53. The yield on the bond hardened to 8.48 per cent from previous close of 8.46 per cent.
Bond prices and yields move in the opposite directions.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Titan board accepts customer depositsTitan board accepts customer deposits
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Titan Company has informed the exchanges that its board of directors has approved the invitation and acceptance of deposits from customers for jewellery purchases under the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Climate summit ends with rebuke to leadersClimate summit ends with rebuke to leaders
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7fa7e04-433a-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP  Sena back to talks after RSS intervenesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

JSW Energy gains on environmental clearanceJSW Energy gains on environmental clearance
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:08 AM IST
JSW Energy gained 2% to trade at Rs 75.75 in the opening hour after the company informed that one of its joint ventures, Barmer Lignite Mining Company, has received environmental clearance from Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for a duration of four years.
Barmer Lignite Mining Company is a joint venture between Raj WestPower Limited and Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Limited located at Rajasthan.
The stock opened at Rs 76.80 which was also the high point for the stock thus far. Nearly four lakh shares have changed hands on the NSE.

SC verdict on coal blocks; Metals  power stocks in focusSC verdict on coal blocks; Metals, power stocks in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:04 AM IST
Metal and power stocks are in focus ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
On September 8, the Government had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court over coal block allocations, leaving it to the apex court to decide if the 218 blocks deemed illegal by it should be cancelled or not.
It also gave SC details about 40 operational coal blocks and six ready to be functional blocks, which it had earlier asked the apex court to spare.
It may be recalled that the Supreme Court on August 25 declared that the entire allocation of coal blocks from 1993 till 2010 was illegal, arbitrary, non-transparent and without application of mind and guidelines.
Around 40 of the 105 blocks with private companies are producing coal and six are ready for production. These mines produce 53 million tonnes of coal, about 10 per cent of the total projected output from all blocks, and feed 26,000 Mw of power output and 12 million tonnes of steel production.
Meanwhile, in their submissions, industry bodies Independent Power Producers Association of India and Coal Producers’ Association said only those blocks in whose case criminality had been proven should be cancelled.
The Mahan Coal block allocated to Hindalco eight years ago to feed its aluminium plant in Madhya Pradesh.
With regards to Jindal Steel and Power it is the Utkal B1 block. JSPL needs access to coal from Utkal B1 mine for its steel and power project at Angul in Odisha.
In the metal pack, Bhushan Steel, Jindal Steel, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, JSW Steel and Hindalco were down 0.2-5% each.
In the power segment, JP Power, Torrent Power, Adani Power, Reliance Power, Reliance Infra and GMR Infra were down 0.2-2% each.

RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015  then easeReserve Bank of India seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 10.35AM IST
0
Share More
46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent when it meets on Sept. 30.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent when it meets on Sept. 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio ( CRR ) that sets the per centage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the US Federal Reserve , in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero per cent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 per cent by mid-2016.
"From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus," said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. "That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter."
At an RBI meeting in early August, Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was "appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance".
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 per cent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India's economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 per cent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Stock markets have rallied since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May on hopes his government will rapidly usher in reforms and attract foreign investment.
But New Delhi's failure to introduce any big-ticket reforms has dented much of that optimism, putting a spotlight back on the RBI to help boost growth through credit and interest rates.
"Governor Rajan is acutely aware of the trade-off in growth, but what he is trying to achieve is the credibility of inflation targeting," said Vishnu Varathan , senior economist at Mizuho Bank in Singapore .

Samsung launches Galaxy Note 4 ahead of sche...Samsung launches Galaxy Note 4 'phablet' ahead of schedule
By AFP | 25 Sep, 2014, 10.54AM IST
It would be the first time a flagship Samsung product has gone on sale in China ahead of other markets, reflecting the firm's desire to battle growing competition.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Samsung's newest phablet, the Galaxy Note 4 , which was originally slated for release in October, will be launched ahead of schedule on Friday in South Korea after witnessing the massive response received by Apple 6 models.
Samsung said the Galaxy Note 4 would hit stores in South Korea and China this week before being available in 140 nations by the end of next month. It would be the first time a flagship Samsung product has gone on sale in China ahead of other markets , reflecting the firm's desire to combat increasing competition from cheaper Chinesemade products.
The Galaxy Note 4 comes with some major improvements. The newest version of the phone features metal edges that make the phone feel more premium, a much sharper screen with a resolution of 2560 x 1440, and an improved camera with Optical Image Stabilization. This means photos and video won't appear blurry even if your hands shake while you are shooting.
Samsung has launched preorders in US for the Galaxy Note 4 on the same day Apple started selling its first phablet, the iPhone 6 Plus. Apple's biggest iPhone yet comes with a screen that is smaller than that of the Galaxy Note 4, but is the same size as LG's G 3 phone.
What makes the Note 4 stand out from the iPhone 6 Plus and other phones of its size is its S Pen stylus, which can be used as a mouse-like pointer for the phone. The company's software is also optimized to be used with the S Pen in other ways.
For example, pressing the button on the stylus will launch a short fan-shaped menu of apps catered for use with the S Pen (i.e. sketching and notetaking apps). It'll be interesting to see who wins the phablet war.

4 stocks that can outperform & give good ret...Four stocks that can outperform their peers and give handsome returns
Jwalit Vyas, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.14AM IST
Tags:
Can Fin
(The second half is expected…)
With the stock market on a roll for the past three months, valuations of most shares appear steep. But there are some stocks with strong fundamentals that are still reasonably valued when compared with their peers. Here's a list of four such stocks that can outperform their peers and give handsome returns.
CAN FIN HOMES
The company has grown at a CAGR of 40% in the past three years. At the same time, its non-performing assets have come down to 0.2% from 1.1%.
Can Fin is confident of achieving a similar growth over the next few years while improving its NIMs (net interest margins) in FY15 and FY16. With a potential to show higher earnings growth over peers, the valuation gap between Can Fin and its peers can come down significantly.
LLOYD ELECTRIC
The company manufactures ACs and LED TVs under the brand 'Lloyd' and also supplies parts to other OEMs.
Over the past few years, its consumer business has grown, g
enerating 50% of the total revenues. It owns 4.5% of the organised AC market and 7% of the unorganised market against 2.5% three years ago.
Despite being a less established brand, Lloyd Electric's growth and profitability are better than most of the other more known brands. With the company now focusing more on branding and advertising, its cash flows and working capital will improve, going forward.
IFGL REFRACTORIES
Although the largest in terms of sales and profit, IFGL Refractories' m-cap is less than half of its peer, Vesuvius, and 40% less than that of Orient Refractories.
This maker of refractories, used in metal manufacturing, has been reporting strong numbers for the past two quarters. The second half is expected to be better than the first and the company is confident of 20-25% growth in the current fiscal over the previous fiscal.
PC JEWELLERS
It has grown at 60% over the past five years, faster than its peers, including Titan-owned Tanishq. Even in FY14, which was a tough year for jewellery companies, PC Jeweller's net profit grew 22%. Although its stock has outperformed Titan's by 130% in the current year on strong financials, it is trading at a steep discount to Titan's stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gopal Kanda in conversation with voters at a saree shop in Sirsa city during his campaign. Gajendra yadavSirsa knows Gopal Kanda as millionaire, philanthropist, religious head; Geetika Sharma suicide case finds no mention
Dipankar Ghose | Sirsa | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:56  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:56  IST
 

Mangalyaan  Curiosity greet each other on Mars with Howdie and NamastePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 11:12 am
Curiosity Rover, Nasa’s mission to explore the surface Mars, greets ISRO’s Mars Orbiter for its success. Curiosity Rover welcomed Mars Orbiter into its horizon.
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around.
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
ISRO Mars orbiter took it to social media flatform to make a grand entry. It got an exclusive Facebook profile and Twitter handle.

Barack Obama urges world to follow US lead on globalwarmingPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 24, 2014 10:51 am
The only thing rising faster than heat-trapping gases Tuesday were the statements of urgency by world leaders, who told each other at a United Nations summit how seriously they take global warming. Binding commitments and action are to come.
President Barack Obama pressed other countries to follow the United States’ lead on the issue, even as the summit revealed the many obstacles that stand in the way of wider agreements to reduce heat-trapping pollution.
“The United States has made ambitious investments in clean energy and ambitious reductions in our carbon emissions,” Obama said. “Today I call on all countries to join us, not next year or the year after that, but right now. Because no nation can meet this global threat alone.”
But none of the pledges made at the one-day meeting was binding. The largest-ever gathering of world leaders to discuss climate was designed to lay the groundwork for a new global climate-change treaty. It also revealed the sharp differences that divide countries on matters such as deforestation, carbon pollution and methane leaks from oil and gas production:
Brazil, home to the Amazon rainforest, said it would not sign a pledge to halt deforestation by 2030.
The United States decided not to join 73 countries in supporting a price on carbon, which Congress has indicated it would reject.
And minutes after Obama said “nobody gets a pass,” Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli insisted the world treat developing nations, including China, differently than developed nations, allowing them to release more heat-trapping pollution. China, the No. 1 carbon-polluting nation, signed on in support of pricing carbon and vowed to stop the rise of carbon-dioxide emissions as soon as possible.
Obama said global warming “will define the contours of this century more dramatically than” terrorism, disease or inequality. Today we must set the world on a new course,” said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who added that pricing carbon was critical. “Climate change is the defining issue of our age. It is defining our present. Our response will define our future.”
In some ways, the summit, which was part of the annual U.N. General Assembly, answered that call. The European Union said its member nations next month were set to approve a plan that would cut greenhouse gases back to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. The EU also called for using renewable energy for 27 percent of the bloc’s power needs and increasing energy efficiency by 30 percent.
The United States will not release its new emissions targets until early next year. “There were not that many surprises,” said Connie Hedegaard, the top climate official for the European Commission, referring to Obama’s speech.
Hedegaard said the first-ever limits on carbon from power plants, proposed by Obama back in June, were “a good signal continued…

The visit offers golden opportunity to repair India-US tiesAtal Bihari Vajpayee
(Modi's visit to Washington…)
WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit will provide a golden opportunity to both countries to repair the faltering bilateral ties though circumstances are not favourable, according to top American think-tanks.
Modi is scheduled to arrive in New York on September 26 to attend the annual session of the UN General Assembly. He will meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29 and September 30.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi's forthcoming visit to Washington will provide India and the US with a golden opportunity to repair their faltering partnership. The stakes are high, even if the circumstances today are not particularly propitious," Ashley Tellis of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said yesterday in an article ahead of Modi's visit.
Tellis said if Modi's private remarks to visiting American officials recently are any indication, he seeks to end the current level of stagnation in bilateral ties.
"But his approach, which seemingly centres on soliciting huge international investments for important, high-profile projects at home, offers poor prospects for any deep US involvement that would quickly resuscitate joint cooperation between the two countries," he said.
Expectations are very high from the Modi-Obama meeting; the first between the two leaders.
"Modi has said all things are possible between India and America--even a strategic alliance. But the two countries still have much distance to travel to create one," said Daniel Twining, a senior fellow for Asia at the German Marshall Fund of the United States.
"An agenda for the Obama-Modi summit should encompass five critical areas for cooperation: defence, energy, trade and investment, the future of Afghanistan and the crisis in the Middle East," he added.
Writing in an article for the Wall Street Journal, he said: "The two leaders should embrace an agenda that strengthens their role as democratic and economic counterweights to growing global disorder."
"Washington and New Delhi should develop a joint plan to expand training of Afghan security forces and enhance India's stabilising economic and diplomatic role," he added.
Twining applauded Modi for boosting India's stock market up by 30 per cent, and surging growth to nearly six per cent.
Another think tank, Richard M Rossow writing for the Wadhwani Chair in US-India Policy Studies at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) noted that Modi's main agenda is creating a strong base for infrastructure and manufacturing industry.
"As evidenced by his tenure as the chief minister of Gujarat, as well as statements made since winning the national election, the Modi government will focus on building infrastructure to create a stronger manufacturing base," he said.
Tellis noted that the challenges cannot be resolved overnight or through a single visit by a prime minister who has had other reasons to nurse personal grievances against the United States, apparently referring to the denial of American visa following the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Yet, dismaying his many hard-line followers, Modi has reached out to Washington, warmly receiving a series of American dignitaries since assuming office in May, he said.
"The US vice president and secretary of state is expected to host an intense set of bilateral discussions to review the entire gamut of the relationship," he said.
It will therefore be no surprise if Modi's visit to Washington records further progress on, among other issues, cyber security and homeland security, defence, education, public health and human capital growth, energy and the environment, infrastructure and urban development, and civilian space and nuclear cooperation, he said.
Other ambitious initiatives including US decisions to partner with New Delhi on developing India's next-generation aircraft carrier, to sell India unconventional oil and gas, or to permit US companies to use Indian space launch services can be expected out of the meetings, he added.
The United States may also accelerate its efforts to complete India's integration into the multilateral nonproliferation regimes or decide to deepen meaningful cyber-defense cooperation with India, he added.
"Similarly, India could bring to the table important decisions to close on key projects subsumed by the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative or new solutions for overcoming the impasse over the nuclear liability law," Tellis said.
"India could show a renewed willingness to cooperate on salvaging the Doha round of global trade talks or advancing the common quest for mitigating climate change, or it could recommit to energetic liberalisation at home in ways that open the door for greater American private participation in India's economic growth," he wrote.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex back in green  Suzlon down 5%; top 15 stocks in focus todayYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex off from highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its morning gains and turned choppy in mid-morning trade on Wednesday. The index got support from some bit of buying seen in ITC, HUL , Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band, supported by gains in FMCG and pharma stocks.
"The market which till recently was set to enter a new orbit suddenly seems to have lost fuel. A correction was always on the cards. The F&O expiry and weak global cues added to the choppiness," said IIFL report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 1360.
Hindalco, JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made.
At 10:10 a.m.; Hindalco was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 155.85 and JSPL was down 2.4 per cent to Rs 205.70.
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.1 per cent higher at Rs 221.50.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 279.50.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.13 per cent lower at Rs 964.80.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 75.35.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 922.15.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 155.80.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 2565.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 70.85.
Pidilite Industries: Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 396.50.
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 117.55.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 36.50.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 5 per cent lower at Rs 115.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhushan Steel down 5% ahead of SC rulingMetal stocks such as Sesa Sterlite, JSPL slip ahead of SC ruling on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
Bhushan Steel
(Ahead of the verdict, metal…)
NEW DELHI: Metal stocks came under bit of selling pressure in trade on Wednesday ahead of the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocations later today.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will rule on the fate of coal blocks at 2 p.m. that had been declared illegal earlier on August 25. The top court had declared some 200-odd coal blocks as illegal but had not cancelled them.
Ahead of the verdict, metal stocks such as JSPL, Sesa Sterlite, NMDC, Jindal Steel , JSW Steel, Bhushan Steel slipped are down between 0.3-5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
At 09:50 a.m.; BSE Metal index was trading 0.13 per cent lower as compared to 0.12 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex.
JSPL was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 208, Sesa Sterlite was down 0.7 per cent to Rs 278.80 and NMDC was trading 0.32 per cent lower at Rs 168.80.
JSW Steel was down 0.4 per cent and Bhushan Steel was trading 4.9 per cent lower at Rs 107.30.
The government has since urged the court not to cancel those 38 which are already in production and another six which were on the verge of production, ET reported.
The rest could be cancelled and re-auctioned, the government has said. Industry bodies are citing massive investments in end use projects to oppose this, saying instead these should be regularised after penalties, but the court is unlikely to do this. Instead it may go with the government advice, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Manappuram Finance  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Manappuram Finance, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends buying Manappuram Finance.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Manappuram Finance is a buying opportunity. Non-banking finance companies are going through a minor dip and they are buying opportunities if you are looking at a time horizon of two months, you buy them in this dip and wait till November."
"Manappuram is one of the better ones and so is SKS Microfinance . It has run up and we shouldn’t worry about the run up. It has more steam," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Reliance Infra may bounce till Rs 640: Manoj Murlidharan08:00 am
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Yesterday’s close for Reliance Infrastructure  was at Rs 636. I am expecting we get a bounce till Rs 640, that is the time to buy and get a good Rs 20-24 odd on that."
"Participatory notes (P-Notes) have paid a lot in derivatives and weakening rupee always attracts more P-Note participation, which was close to 21 percent and has come down to 18-90 percent odd," he said.
"Therefore, for the month of October we are not positive, we find that there might be some profit booking. We are expecting Nifty at 7,700 and Bank Nifty close to 15,300. So, I would not trade beyond this expiry because we have five days off in first week of October and that is exactly why VIX is so low at 11-12 percent. Therefore, rather doing a bear spread and Put with 8,000 and 7,600 for October at Rs 55 is what I may do."
RELATED NEWS

CESC may gain by Rs 20-25: Manoj Murlidharan08:00 am
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We are looking into quant models where we are seeing the money come out. We all know that banks have good weightage in Nifty close to 26 percent odd and we are expecting at least 1.8 percent reduction in that. I am expecting the money to come out of banks specifically the four big boys into the Nifty and it might get into cement or power sector."
"Realty is one sector where we have seen, even yesterday the net money that has come into the Indian markets, the net delivery based selling which has come, that has exceeded by 9 percent, usually realty has around 19 percent of the delivery of the entire F&O scrip and yesterday it was a good 29 percent. So, we are seeing money coming out of this sector as well as some in the banks and we are seeing this coming into the cement and the power sector," he said.
"I would go with CESC  close to Rs 770, keep a stoploss at Rs 750 and expect Rs 20-25 of positive gain in the stock."
RELATED NEWS

Chinese steel  iron ore edge up  but still near record lowsChinese steel  iron ore edge up  but still near record lows
Daimler aims to double share in Indian truck market in 5 yrsDaimler aims to double share in Indian truck market in 5 yrs
Tata Global Beverages announces change in directorateTata Global Beverages announces change in directorate
Sasken Communication s director Anjan Lahiri resignsSasken Communication s director Anjan Lahiri resigns
Why is Educomp Solutions up 10%Why is Educomp Solutions up 10%
US  Arab allies strike ISIS in SyriaUS  Arab allies strike ISIS in Syria
India makes history  enter Mars orbit in maiden attemptIndia makes history  enter Mars orbit in maiden attempt
Starbucks to buy up Japan unit for $900 millionStarbucks to buy up Japan unit for $900 million
India s Mars Orbiter Mission successful on 1st attemptSpace history: India successfully places Mars spacecraft in orbit
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre: ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in jubliant mood after Mars Orbiter Mission successfully enters the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
Subbiah Arunan (left), Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), and M Annadurai, Programme Director, Indian Remote-Sensing Satellites (IRS) and Small Satellites Systems (SSS), at the Mission Operations Complex-2 of ISRO, at Peenya in Bangalore. (file photo)
Bangalore, Sept 24:  
India today created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
The successful manoeuvres were carried out in early hours, watched keenly by Prime Minister Narendra Modhi, his cabinet colleagues and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah.
Watched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, ISRO scientists successfully ignited the main 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and eight small thrusters that fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. and slowed down the speed of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft ‘Mangalyaan’ for it to slip into a smooth orbit around the Red Planet after almost an year-long voyage.
“Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” Modi, who wore a red coloured jacket, said annnouncing the Rs 450-crore mission’s success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) here.
Scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg spacecraft was manoeuvred into its designated place, capping a 666 million km journey that began on November 5 last.
With the success of “Mangalyaan”, India has become the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. The first Chinese mission to Mars, called Yinghuo-1, failed in 2011. Earlier in 1998, the Japanese mission ran out of fuel and was lost.
Modi, who witnessed the operation along with the space scientists, said the odds were stacked against “us with only 21 of the 51 missions to Mars being successful'', but “we have prevailed''.
“We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and innovation.
We have navigated our craft through a route known to very few,” Modi said in a speech in Hindi and English, congratulating the scientists and “all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion''.
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
“I have said it in the past too, the amount our scientists have spent on this mission is even less than what they spend in making Hollywood movies,” he said in his address to the mission scientists.
At just $74 million, the mission is less than the estimated $100 million budget of the sci-fi blockbuster “Gravity“.
India’s MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA’s Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
It aims to study Mars’ surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
Given the high rate of failures — only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful, the success of MOM has given a boost to India’s global standing in Space.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus

Decisive move above 8150 may suggest more upside with another rally18 September 2014
Thursday
Stunning rally in the markets takes Nifty, Bank Nifty almost near previous life time highs; big lesson for all traders
YESTERDAY WE SUGGESTED: “For tomorrow, traders should be alert to the possibility of a one-sided move, up or down.” Today’s spectacular up move was certainly one sided, but the magnitude of the rally was a surprise. Bank Nifty has seen a big up move prices closes above 16000. PSU Banks are at the verge of breakout. A correction is now over in CNX IT as prices closes above to its resistance near 11050. Look for a buying opportunity in IT stocks.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Trend is down and prices are now trading at the support. We have AUTOMOBILE in Sector Focus. A minor correction is over and we may see another breakout. Stock in focus includes EXIDEIND, IGL, M&MFIN and UNIONBANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

DHL draws flak from couriers for denial of rightNEW DELHI, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 23:40 IST
DHL draws flak from couriers for denial of right
Anumeha Yadav
The Hindu DHL Employees Union members staging a protest demonstration against the management at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Sunday. Photo: R. V .Moorthy
TOPICS
labour
Couriers of DHL Express India (Pvt.) Ltd., the Indian arm of German mail and logistics company Deutsche Post DHL, in several centres have alleged that the company is preventing them from joining the DHL Employees Union. Protesting DHL staff in Delhi said the company had unfairly categorised couriers working in its Delhi, Kolkata, Pune and Jaipur offices under “Hay” grade, as management staff category instead of couriers, to deny their rights as workmen under the Industrial Disputes Act.
Anil Khot, Business HR Manager, DHL Express (India) Pvt. Ltd., in a letter to DHL Employees Union in July 2013, a copy of which is with The Hindu, has written that “Hay grade employees on whose behalf union has submitted charter of demands in our opinion are not “workmen” under the Industrial Disputes Act.”
“The “H grade” employees are predominantly performing managerial and /or administrative jobs and they belong to the non-unionised cadre, and their service condition is independently laid down by the management from time to time,” notes the letter.
“The company is denying our constitutional right to form a trade union by falsely categorising even couriers as managerial staff.
They show couriers as “Hay grade” managerial staff in some centres while those doing the same work of picking and delivering mail as couriers are under “S” grade in the Mumbai office.
They formed the union in 1999 but they say we cannot form a union,” said Narendra Mishra, who has worked as a courier at the company since 1997. Over 100 workers, accompanied by their family members and labour activists from New Trade Union Initiative, had organised a protest meet at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on Sunday. A number of his colleagues had been unfairly transferred and suspended since last year, he added.
Mr. Khot did not respond to attempts made by this correspondent for eliciting his comment.
“How can couriers be categorised as management and not workmen? The management is trying to discourage new workers from joining the union, and denying our right to collective bargaining and right to association,” said Aabess Khan, General Secretary, DHL Mumbai Union, who had travelled from Mumbai to participate in the protest meeting.

Want a job at Google Five resume mistakes to avoidWant a job at Google? Five resume mistakes you should never make
1/6
Want a job at Google?
23 Sep, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
A bad resume can knock you out of the running for a job that you deserve, no matter how illustrious your work history. Laszlo Bock, Google's senior vice president of people operations for the last eight years, would know.
Google sometimes gets more than 50,000 resumes in a single week, and Bock has personally reviewed more than 20,000. In a recent post on LinkedIn, Bock highlights the most common mistakes that cause him to throw out a resume and how to correct them. Even if you're not gunning for a Google job, avoiding these mistakes will make sure your resume helps - not hurts - you, no matter what you're applying for.
Here are the five resume mistakes that Bock sees again and again...

CAT s 100 percentilers chase big dreams in corporate careers  startupsYou are here: Home > Collections > Mumbai
CAT's 100 percentilers chase big dreams in corporate careers, startups
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Cat
(Then there’s Shashank Prabhu,…)
MUMBAI: Topping the CAT (Common Admission Test) is no small feat - after all, the race for the prestigious Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) is run by some of India's best and brightest. Which is why every one of the thousands of MBA aspirants that sit for the exam each year, dreams of making it to the 100 percentilers' club - the honour reserved for the top scorers alone.
But after coming up trumps in an examination as competitive as this, where do these 100 percentilers go? As CAT registrations for 2014 get set to enter the eighth week, ET tracks down a bunch of the toppers from CAT 2011, to find out where they are and what they are doing.
Of the nine students who bagged a 100 percentile in CAT 2011, ET managed to zero in on five: Vishal Kedia, Sri Ram Prasad Pemmasani, Shashank Prabhu, Ajinkya Deshmukh and Rajesh Balasubramanian. Three of them have opted for corporate careers; Deshmukh is heading a vertical at an education startup while Balasubramanian trains students to crack CAT.
First, the outliers. Ajinkya Deshmukh, deputy general manager at Ace Creative Learning, who completed his MBA from IIM Bangalore this year after his CAT coup, took a call to not join a high-paying MNC and work in the field of education instead. In a quasi-entrepreneurial role, he has full responsibility for the social business division at the Bangalore-based startup which offers training and guidance to students for various entrance examinations.
This division aims at promoting quality education among deserving children from underprivileged backgrounds.
"Having had prior experience in a multinational firm before joining an MBA, I always felt the need to work at a place which offers me plenty of scope for shouldering responsibility and decision-making. I think once that was clear, joining a startup was the obvious choice," says the IIT Madras grad.
Then there's Shashank Prabhu, who despite a top score, decided to continue in Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), where he was pursuing an MBA at the time. "I had a bent towards sales and marketing, the opportunities for which are similar across all the top campuses. Also, the fact that it would have taken an extra year and a few lakhs more made me stick to FMS, instead of appearing at any of the interviews/GDs at the IIMs," says Prabhu, who's also a doctor by qualification.
At present, he is working with ITC handling sales and distribution for their personal care products portfolio and looking forward to getting into more of a strategy-based role in the next few years.
  For both Prabhu and Deshmukh, the 100 percentile was primarily about the confidence boost it provided; whether it was in facing interviewers or in pursuing a career of their choice. For Vishal Kedia, a senior associate with the Boston Consulting Group, on the other hand, the biggest takeaway from CAT was expectations management.
"People start expecting a lot from you post a thing like this. You have to learn to manage expectations and prioritise," says Kedia, a chartered accountant. After his MBA from IIM Ahmedabad this year, he's recently joined BCG, handling his first case in the industrial goods sector.
Kedia's batchmate at IIM-A, Sri Ram Prasad Pemmasani, was another CAT 2011 topper. The 23-year-old signed up for an MBA after completing his electrical engineering from IIT Ropar. He was a student placement committee coordinator at IIM-A and has now landed a job at Nestle in the sales and marketing division.
Pemmasani prefers to play things down. "I think it definitely becomes a talking point" - he says of his 100 percentile - "but after that, it's the rest of the profile that matters. All other things remaining constant though, a topper would get a slight edge," he says.
Agrees Rajesh Balasubramanian, an IIT Madras and IIT Bangalore graduate, and director of 2IIM, an IIM alumni initiative that prepares CAT aspirants. He has secured a 100 percentile, not just in CAT 2011, but in CAT 2012 as well.
Balasubramanian creates all the content for the Chennai-based company that has around 300 students a year, and has recently launched an online version of CAT coaching.
"Getting a 100 percentile does earn you bragging rights, but it's more a conversation point than anything else. Most of these students go on to do pretty well in academics but it's not a huge advantage or anything when it comes to placements. You can't call it a game changer," says Balasubramanian.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why you should not get impressed while meeting a bank VP or MDBank of America
(For the non-banking corporate…)
MUMBAI: In a country or a company, a vice-president is a top job, the title-holder is most likely No. 2 after the big boss, and the only one with that grand designation. In a bank, a VP can be...well, one of 12,000! Greg Smith, a Goldman Sachs VP, briefly became world famous in March 2012 when he quit the giant investment bank via a scathing oped piece on his employer in The New York Times.
But more revealingly, Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman's boss, had reportedly said he didn't understand the fuss since Smith was just one of 12,000 VPs in the bank. US media then estimated that an astounding 40% of Goldman staff were VPs. And, get this, Goldman was also estimated to have 2,400 managing directors!
For the non-banking corporate world, a managing director is of course often the big boss or the second-biggest boss — a company has just one MD. Goldman's fancy designation party is pretty much the norm across investment banking and banking everywhere, including in India — banks are chockfull of vice-presidents, directors and managing directors. So, when you meet a bank VP, or even a bank MD, don't get impressed, be curious. Why are there so many of them?
Just look at the data. Vito India Advisers, an executive search firm, estimates that of the 2,210 people employed in MNC commercial banking in India, 365 are VPs, 325 are directors and 65 are MDs. So, over 25% of the total staff have business cards with fancy designations.
In I-banking in India (domestic and MNC), there are 49 VPs, 31 directors and 32 MDs out of an executive headcount of 782. Here's the definitive proof of grand title inflation in banks worldwide: Jerome Tillier, a consultant with financial services company GXS and a sharp blogger, ran a test. He keyed in 'bank vice-president' in LinkedIn's search box, and got 449,898 hits! That's bigger than the population of Malta, as Tiller explained.
So, what gives? Why are there more bank VPs globally than the population of a small country?
"Designations like MD, VP are not jobs, but grades that reflect seniority," says K Sudarshan, managing partner, Asia, EMA Partners International, a global executive search firm. But that doesn't quite explain the seemingly madcap HR policy of banks. Sudarshan has more. "VPs are just fancy titles on visiting cards for market-facing executives... VPs are ubiquitous and the title does not mean anything and has nothing to do with the job one is doing...even the person managing in-house tech support can be called MD, technology."
So, why do banks do it? ET spoke to dozens of bank executives and headhunters and the following four reasons seem to explain best why almost everyone's a VP at a bank.
Most executives and headhunters who spoke to ET for this report did so on the condition they not be identified.First, Indian and India-based banks are simply copying a longstanding practice of American banks, especially I-banks. When finance was liberalised, American banks brought with them American banking HR norms and peer pressure meant Indian private banks and I-banks had to follow suit.
 
The fancy designation party in Indian private sector banking really caught on from 2000 onwards, and banks got around company law stipulations on designations such as MD by anointing one or two people as big bosses and the rest as functional heads. Many took local legal opinion before creating the fancy designation-heavy hierarchy.
So, Standard Chartered Bank in India, with around 100 executives in its I-banking division, has 10 MDs, 30 directors and 22 associate directors. HDFC Bank has five country heads — in one country, India. Even a new investment bank like Avendus has 21 VPs. Or consider Kotak Mahindra's I-bank, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company.
It employs 50 executives — around 20% are associates to assistant VPs, 25% are VPs and the rest are directors and MDs. One out of every 10 executives in Deutsche Bank is an MD. Private equity? Teams are far smaller here. And PE hotshots say dynamics are different.
"We are like high-end consultants," a veteran PE executive said, adding, "we don't need an army...we need talented heavyweights who can get direct access to CEOs or promoters and start a business conversation..." But to outsiders, it looks like this: Blackstone has 3 senior MDs, and Chrys Capital, 4 MDs and 2 VPs in a 12-member investing team. Warburg Pincus' 17-strong team has 4 MDs. And Carlyle India has 3 MDs. Examples abound, and it's clear within the fancy designation party in banking, I-banks are even more liberal than their commercial bank cousins. The second reason, given most often by banks themselves, is that throwing around titles like VPs or directors or MDs is an employee retention tool in a highly competitive skilled labour market with a shallow talent pool.

Alibabas Jack Ma is second richest Asian nowAlibaba’s Jack Ma is second richest Asian, overtakes Mukesh Ambani
By Piyush Pandey, TNN | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Ma (50) has overtaken Mukesh Ambani and Hong Kong's Lee Shau Kee to become China's richest and Asia's second wealthiest with a personal wealth of $26.5 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, has not only created history with the largest IPO ever at $25 billion but also made its founder and CEO, Jack Ma, the second richest man in Asia. The record for the largest IPO was held by Agriculture Bank of China, which raised $22.1 billion in 2010.
Ma (50) has overtaken Mukesh Ambani and Hong Kong's Lee Shau Kee to become China's richest and Asia's second wealthiest with a personal wealth of $26.5 billion. Ma trails HK's Li Ka-Shing among Asia's richest, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
Jack Ma , a former English teacher, wants Alibaba to be bigger than Walmart in the coming years.
As per Friday's trade (entire detail's of Monday's trade were not available at the time of filing this report), Alibaba shares surged by 38% to $92.7 in New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), valuing the firm at over $231 billion. It thus raised the fortune of Ma to $26.5 billion.
RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani, once Asia's richest and world's fifth richest (till 2008), has now been overtaken by the Chinese and the Hong Kong billionaires in Asia and has slipped to fourth position in Asia and 33rd in the global rankings. He retained the tag of Asia's wealthiest till 2012. However, Ambani saw his wealth falling to $23.2 billion in 2014 from a high of $43 billion in 2008.
Hong Kong's Li Ka-Shing with a personal fortune of $31.2 billion is Asia's wealthiest person and the only Asian to figure among the top 20 list of billionaires at 19th rank. Li controls Hutchison Whampoa, a conglomerate with interests in energy, port, retail, infrastructure and mobile networks.
On the other hand, Lee Shau Kee is the founder and the largest shareholder of Henderson Land Development, the real estate conglomerate that builds and manages properties in Hong Kong and China. Lee also holds a 36% stake in Hong Kong and China Gas.
Ambani is followed by Dilip Shanghvi, another Indian, in the top 5 list of Asian billionaires. Shanghvi (58), promoter of Sun Pharmaceuticals, is the second richest Indian. Shanghvi saw a 43% surge in his wealth after Sun Pharma acquired Japanese-owned Ranbaxy, making Sun the largest drug maker in India and fifth largest in the world.
Investment advisor S P Tulsian believes that the depreciation of the Indian currency from 45 levels to above 61 against the US dollar is one of the major reasons for the fall in Ambani's wealth. "Falling gas production is another factor in investors losing faith in RIL. Besides, the petrochemicals and refining segments have been stagnant while retail and telecommunications are yet to take off," said Tulsian.

J&K tackling multi-dimensional problems: Omar AbdullahJammu and Kashmir government tackling multi-dimensional problems: Omar Abdullah
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 05.16AM IST
(Water levels have receded…)
Running his "reasonably functional government" from a state guest house, J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is waiting for the water levels to recede so that he can take the final figures on this month's catastrophic floods in the state to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Speaking to Masood Hussain, he says the government is facing multi-dimensional problems and is tackling them. Excerpts:
J&K faced history's worst floods. What is the state of the crisis now?
In Jammu, water levels have receded and there are no flood areas and only floodaffected areas. Now there is a need to rebuild their lives, restore electricity, water supply and reconnect areas by rebuilding the roads washed away by the floods. In Kashmir, there are areas which remained unaffected by floods and the challenge is to ensure a normal functioning of the government, restoration of services and make the delivery fast. The second affected areas are where water levels have receded and the situation is similar to Jammu. In these areas losses are grave. Public infrastructure apart, there is not a single fruit that has survived; even land has been washed away. Then we have huge areas in the city along the Jhelum, Sumbal belts and those on the banks of Wullar lake which are still under water. The challenge here is to manage food and medicine supplies. Right now the biggest challenge before the government is dewatering. We are tackling it.
Your government is accused of being absent from the scene.
Initially it was not wrong but unfair it was. We were not absent by choice. We were missing because of circumstances. The fact is nobody was visible. If you ask me within minutes of the crisis, the paramilitary or the army was visible. No. All of us were swept away. The Badamibagh cantonment was under 12 ft of water, police headquarters were under water, CRPF battalion headquarters were under water. Areas were cut off. Yes, it is true. For the first 24 to 48 hours, we really struggled to re-establish our presence. At the same time, we had to mobilise assistance from the Centre in terms of flying in rescue teams, boats, and NDRF (National Disaster Response Force). And in this case, lot many people overlooked the fact that it was for the first time in the country a capital city was crippled by a natural disaster. As in all other calamities, the first 48 hours are crucial and difficult. We had to really struggle to stabilise and then establish our presence, start flying rescue teams. Whatever you say about the government, I may have competent or incompetent, tell me if the situation were so easy, why are not cell phones functioning even now. That is not a state subject. Why All India Radio and DD (Doordarshan) are not able to broadcast properly. If the problem is purely with the functioning of the state government, then these two things should be functioning absolutely normally. To understand the scale of the problems one needs to see the magnitude of the crisis.
Wasn't rising water levels in Jhelum an adequate alarm?
Nobody visualised this catastrophe. In areas where we thought the flood protection bund was weakening, we warned the people and asked them to leave their homes many hours in advance. At some places, the people actually left, but some refused. In areas we didn't warn, we had not even a remotest idea that they will be affected. As for the capacity of passage of water (through Jhelum) is concerned, we have been working on this for years. When we sent a proposal to the central government for funding capacity expansion of 1,25,000 cusecs of water to the tune of Rs 2,200 crore, the file kept bouncing back and forth. We were asked how we reached to the calculation that Jhelum will ever have this much of discharge. They asked us what computer model have you used, what study have you done and prove this number is relevant. Now, I have nothing to prove because nature has proved itself.
There were reports of problems on the relief front.
How the media was covering the crisis in the first few days, we are not aware of. They were sitting at the airport and were filing from there. We were preparing from here and there was no contact. From us, the priority to reach out to people. We put our men in choppers to assist locating the areas that required rations. We were trying to reach out to the marooned people by boats. Part of our problems was the architecture of the place. It made our problems worse. Flat roofs would have made evacuation easier as well air dropping the relief. We were landing the relief on the roofs and it was getting into the water because we do not have flat roofs. We need to learn about how to manage an urban flash flood.
There was lot of reportage about rescue teams being subjected to stone pelting.

NCP wants alliance but everyone has Plan B: Supriya SuleYou are here: Home > Collections > Congress
We want alliance but everyone has Plan B, says NCP leader Supriya Sule
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.55AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Pawar
(NCP leader Supriya Sule…)
The Congress-NCP alliance is on the verge of a split with no seat agreement between the two yet for the state polls. Now, all the four big parties could end up fighting the elections separately and then go in for a post-poll alliance. NCP leader Supriya Sule tells Krishna Kumar she can't predict who NCP's ally could be in a post-poll scenario.
Is NCP waiting for Sena-BJP split, before it decides to go it alone?
We don't like to peep into other people's homes. What they do is their problem. We want to go with the Congress. You have seen how keen we are to have an alliance with them.
Sharad Pawar had in the past aligned with the BJP... That happened in 1978.
I don't see that happening now because we are with Congress. We have had a very good relationship with Congress for 15 years and we are the only ally that has stood by the Congress in good and bad days.
What happens if there is no alliance with the Congress?
Our first priority is to have an alliance with Congress. If we can't have an alliance with Congress then we have no option but to go it alone. That is not a choice. We would have to do this because of the situation. For a pre-poll alliance, we would definitely get all the forces, like-minded people together. That's why we are going with Congress, which is a like-minded party.
What about a post-poll alliance?
Post-poll nobody knows anything. We have to wait.
Is Ajit Pawar pushing for NCP to contest alone?
He has publicly said that all parties should go alone to test their strength. Our first choice is Congress. However, if we have no option... See in life, you have to understand I am expecting something from you. That is my first choice. But, everybody has a plan B in life.
Allies of the Sena-BJP, Raju Shetti has claimed that Sharad Pawar is responsible for Sena-BJP alliance breaking up?
Can you see the power Mr Pawar has that he can influence other parties also (sarcastically)? I am glad that Raju Shetti acknowledges and recognises Mr Sharad Pawar's power. It is wonderful that our opponents are saying this, it is very flattering.
Congress leader Digvijay Singh wanted Sharad Pawar to merge his party with the Congress.
I appreciate Digvijay Singhji's love and care for NCP. I think it is obviously regret, because they threw Mr Pawar, Mr Purno Sangma and Mr Tariq Anwar out of Congress. Obviously, they do realize today that it was a mistake and they want to call him back.
How do you see Rahul as a leader?
He seems to be a down-to-earth person. Some one you can have a good conversation with. He seems like a warm person. I don't judge leadership from just the point of view of success. Leadership has many facets.
Will Ajit Pawar be the Chief Ministerial candidate if NCP comes to power?
The legislators who get elected will decide who their leader is. We are not projecting any one face.
But many NCP leaders prefer you to be the Chief Minister if the party comes to power?
It has to be on merit. I am very happy being at the national scene.
The Opposition is saying that if they come to power they would send Ajit to jail for scams?
This is the worst thing. I find this arrogant. In a democratic system, you can make allegations. But you can't hang some without a trial, this is injustice.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brinkmanship in MaharashtraUpdated: September 23, 2014 01:47 IST
Brinkmanship in Maharashtra
state politics
Common sense would dictate that the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena have more to lose than gain by breaking their alliance when so close to an expected victory in the Maharashtra Assembly polls. They have been together during difficult times, losing two consecutive elections to the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party. Now, when they are the clear favourites to win, there can be no real reason to part ways. However, short-term interests are often in conflict with long-term interests. After having beaten back the Congress in the Lok Sabha election, the BJP realises it can grow any further only at the expense of its regional ally, the Shiv Sena, which too plays the Hindutva card with the voters. If the gains of the Lok Sabha election are not to be surrendered in the Assembly polls, the BJP will necessarily have to make more room for itself within the alliance with the Sena. To be the perennial junior partner of the Sena cannot be a very appealing prospect for the BJP, especially after it became the first party since 1984 to win a majority of its own in the Lok Sabha. Thus, the pressure is on the national party to bargain hard to the point of threatening to break ties.
But just as the BJP needs to expand its base in Maharashtra, so does the Sena feel the compulsion to protect its territory. Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray knows very well that if the BJP is given an inch, it would take a foot; he cannot easily forget how some leaders of the BJP had tried to build bridges with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, the breakaway group of the Shiv Sena led by his cousin, Raj, before the Lok Sabha election. The BJP can easily encroach on the Hindutva constituency of the Sena; the difficulty is in harnessing the Marathi chauvinist vote. If the Shiv Sena does indeed break away, the party would surely turn to the MNS, which would only be too happy to play the role of a junior partner. Moreover, the Shiv Sena is uncomfortable with the BJP’s refusal to publicly endorse Uddhav Thackeray for the post of Chief Minister. To leave the issue of chief ministership until after the results are declared would mean that the party with more members in the Assembly would stake claim for the post. The Sena, therefore, wants to limit the number of seats the BJP can possibly win, and is unwilling to give up even those seats outside its strongholds for the national party to contest from. Political strategy dictates that both the Sena and the BJP would have to find a way to reconcile their short-term goal of coming to power in Maharashtra, with their long-term plan of expanding their base in the State. If the Sena-BJP alliance breaks up and the Congress and the NCP were also to go their separate ways, the Maharashtra election would be wide open.

VVIP chopper deal: ED makes first arrest in money laundering probearrest
Gautam Khaitan, former board member of a Chandigarh-based tech firm named in the Rs.3,700 crore AgustaWestland VVIP chopper deal case, is the first accused to be arrested by the Enforcement Directorate on Tuesday for his alleged role in routing funds for kickbacks.
The ED has sought Mr. Khaitan’s custodial interrogation as the agency believes that through him it can also blow the lid off a network of companies suspected to be involved in managing unaccounted money, particularly in the Lichtenstein-based LGT Bank trust accounts.
According to sources, the ED has found that some of Mr. Khaitan’s employees were directors in the companies associated with certain LGT bank accounts’ beneficiaries.
Searches yield Rs. 1 crore worth jewellery
Mr. Khaitan’s name had also cropped up in the list of 600 entities of Indian origin, disclosed in 2013 by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), who had through front companies or in their own names allegedly parked money in tax havens.
The ED, during searches at the premises of Mr. Khaitan on Monday, has seized jewellery worth over Rs.1 crore and documents purportedly pertaining to some transactions between AgustaWestland and another company IDS Tunisia.
Based on the investigations conducted by the Italian authorities and disclosures by alleged middleman Guido Ralph Haschke, who struck a plea bargain in the case there, an Italian court had earlier summoned Mr. Khaitan to join the proceedings. However, he did not turn up, following which the court issued a warrant against him.
ED probe, based on the papers received from Italy through the Defence Ministry, has revealed that around €60 million were purportedly paid by the chopper suppliers to clinch the deal. While British citizen Christian Michel received €30 million, Giuseppe Orsi of the parent Italian firm Finmeccanica got €12 million, the remaining went to Mr. Haschke and another middleman Carlo Gerosa for further transfer to India.
The probe agency has alleged that the then AgustaWestland (UK) CEO Bruno Spagnolini transferred funds to Mr. Haschke and Mr. Gerosa in the garb of multiple consultancy contracts with Gordian Services, a company they were associated with. Through a contract, the company also agreed to appoint Gordian Services as a consultant in the VVIP chopper deal.
Mr. Spagnolini along with Mr. Orsi subsequently entered into engineering contracts with two companies IDS Infotech and IDS Tunisia as a “subterfuge” to pay kickbacks to middlemen and public servants in India.
Both the ED and the Central Bureau of Investigation have accused Mr. Khaitan, who was earlier a legal advisor to IDS Infotech, of introducing the middlemen to the company chairman Satish Bagrodia and managing director Pratap K. Aggarwal. The firm is suspected of being used to route the kickbacks in the garb of engineering contracts.
The agencies have alleged that between November 2007 and April 2010, the company received €2.1 million from AgustaWestland, and then IDS Tunisia was floated as a 100 per cent subsidiary of IDS Infotech for the purpose.
Later IDS Tunisia was sold to Mr. Haschke and Mr. Gerosa, after which another Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix was set up and the business of IDS Infotech was transferred to it. The kickback money was subsequently transferred via Aeromatrix on the pretext of purchase orders from IDS Tunisia in the form of “fictitious or over invoices”.
ED probe has revealed that 82 per cent of shares of Aeromatrix were held by another company Infotech Design System (IDS) Mauritius and 17 per cent by Mr. Khaitan. The agency has also found that he had links with Mauritius-based Interstellar Technologies, another “front” company.
Based on the CBI findings, the ED had on July 3 registered the money laundering case in the VVIP chopper deal against retired Air Chief Marshal S.P. Tyagi, his three cousins and 16 others. It has been alleged that Mr. Tyagi approved reduction in the required flying capability of helicopters from 6,000 to 4,500 metres, which allowed the supplier to bid for the contract.
According to the ED, Air Chief Marshal Tyagi’s cousins Julie, Dosca and Sandeep Tyagi -- who already knew Mr. Haschke and Mr. Gerosa, -- entered into a consultancy contract with Gordian Services (Tunisia) in 2004.
Under the contract, the Tyagi brothers allegedly received €1.26 lakh after May 2004 and €2 lakh after February 2005. Air Chief Marshal Tyagi was designated to be IAF chief in November 2004 and he took over in January 2005. His term ended in March 2007.
Some of the high- profiled ministers along with other higher officials were in the list of people who accepted bribe from AgustaWestLand in order to win the $36 billion Indian contract for the supply of VVIP helicopters.
August 1999 – The Indian Air Force (IAF) proposed to replace the Mi-8 helicopters due to operational constraints.
March 2002- The request for proposals was published globally.
March 2003- The principal secretary Brajesh Mishra meets the Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee requesting him to change the rules to include more bidders.
January 2006- The acceptance for the procurement of 12 VVIP choppers which was accorded by Defence Acquisition Council.
April 2008- Indian Air Force suggested a deal with Britain company AgustaWestLand to purchase VVIP helicopters.
January 2010- The Cabinet Committee on Security cleared the proposal of 12 helicopters which were meant to be utilised for the VVIPs. The Committee went through all the parameters, evaluation and negotiations.
Feb 8, 2010- The Ministry of Defence finished the contract for supply of 12 AW-101 VVIP choppers with Britain’s well- known company AgustaWestland.
Feb, 2012- Media reports alleged that there have been some unethical dealings in helicopter dealings. With the result of which, the MOD reaches out the Indian Embassy in Rome for factual report.
2013- The fresh investigation started on chopper deal with AgustaWestland which allegedly involved bribery and corruption.
Feb 12, 2013- First arrest of Giuseppe Orsi, CEO of Finmeccanica was made by the Italian Police which is the parent company of AgusraWestland.
Feb 15, 2013 – MOD took the action of cancelling the contract and putting the payments on hold to the Italian company. A formal show cause notice was issued to AgustaWestLand to cancel the contract and taking other actions according to the contract and integrity pact. CBI took over the investigations.
Feb 25, 2013- A preliminary enquiry (PE) was registered against 11 people, including former IAF chief S.P. Tyagi, and four companies by CBI.
March 13, 2013 - A first information report was filed against Mr. Tyagi and 12 others for allegedly conspiring and cheating in the chopper deal.
March 23, 2013-A.K. Anthony, the defence minister gave out a statement accepting that the corruption charges were proven to be correct.
November 2013- AgustaWestland officials meet MoD officials to present their case. The company nominates Justice B.N. Srikrishna for arbitration. It submits its reply to the final show cause notice before Nov 26 deadline.
Jan 1, 2014 - The Indian government lapses the agreement on grounds of breach of the Pre-contract Integrity Pact (PCIP) and agreement by AgustaWestland.
June 2014- So far, the Indian government has recovered around Rs. 2068 crore and have also recovered the entire amount of Rs. 1620 crore that it had paid to AgustaWestLand.
Sept 9, 2014 - The Enforcement Directorate made its first arrest of Gautam Khaitan who is happened to the CEO of the accused company.

Protests await Narendra Modi during United States visitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Syndicate Bank chairman SK Jain sackedSyndicate Bank chairman Sudhir Kumar Jain sacked
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 15:51 IST
Former Syndicate Bank MD Sudhir Kumar Jain
State-owned Syndicate Bank on Tuesday terminated the services of its suspended chairman and managing director Sudhir Kumar Jain with immediate effect, a day after a court in Delhi extended his police custody till September 23.
"Syndicate Bank has informed the Exchange that the central government (vide their letter dated 22.09.2014), in terms of Sub-Clause (1A) of Clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/1980 has terminated the term of office of Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank with immediate effect," the bank said in a notice to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Jain was arrested last month by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on charges of taking bribes to sanction a loan to Bhushan Steel, as also of enhancing the credit limits of some other companies in violation of procedures.
Along with the sacked bank chairman, 11 others including the CMD and directors of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries have been booked by the CBI under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
 

Chidambaram says 8% growth possible in next 2-3 yearsChidambaram says 8 per cent GDP growth possible in next 2-3 years
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 16:51 IST
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram (Photo: Associated Press)
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram has said India can achieve 8 per cent growth in the next 2-3 years by following the path of fiscal prudence.
Chidambaram said if the government continues to remain on the path of fiscal prudence , promotes savings and investments, and be more diligent in implementing projects, it would be possible to get back to 8 per cent growth.
"I remain very confident despite change in government, that if we remain firmly on the path we will get back to 8 per cent growth in about 2-3 years," he said at an event in the national capital.
The Indian economy grew by 4.9 per cent in 2013-14 fiscal. However, in the April-June quarter, the growth picked up to 5.7 per cent. The economy was growing at over 9 per cent before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008.
" Financial sector reform is also very much required for achieving 8 per cent growth. FSLRC (Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission) has made far reaching recommendations, some are legislative, some are non-legislative in nature. Non-legislative recommendation should be carried out over a period of next 2-3 years," he said.
Chidambaram said it is possible to finance 8 per cent growth by domestic savings and some foreign direct investment.
"Anything more than 8 per cent is bound to become inflationary which will exacerbate fiscal deficit. We have to borrow more and there are consequences of borrowing more and enlarging the fiscal deficit and current account deficit," he added.

IFC in Talks With Indian Regulators to Sell $2 Billion in Offshore Rupee BondsYou are here: Home Bonds
IFC in Talks With Indian Regulators to Sell $2 Billion in Offshore Rupee Bonds
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 16:55 (IST)
IFC Sells Rupee Bonds, Raises Rs 1,000 Crore for Axis Bank
Mumbai: The International Finance Corp (IFC), the World Bank's private sector arm, is in talks with Indian regulators on selling another $2 billion in rupee-denominated bonds overseas, signalling strong foreign interest in gaining exposure to the country.
The IFC launched a maiden, $1-billion, offshore, rupee-linked bond programme last year to raise money for private infrastructure projects in India. It was completed in April and attracted strong demand. The programme has allowed foreign investors to gain further access to India, while the country has benefited from a small step towards internationalisation of the rupee and gets help in raising funds for infrastructure.
The IFC also said on Tuesday it had raised around $100 million through an issue of rupee-denominated bonds in India, christening them "Maharaja bonds". The debt, which targets both foreign and domestic investors, is part of the organisation's $2.5 billion onshore debt programme.
Serge Devieux, regional director of the IFC for South Asia, told reporters the organisation had been surprised at the demand for its offshore issuance, giving it confidence in launching the onshore debt programme.
"The response was immense. It was many times oversubscribed," Mr Devieux said about the offshore sale. "There are quite a lot of investors out there, whether local or international, who want to make an investment."
Keshav Gaur, IFC's head of treasury client solutions for Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, said the organisation was "still talking to the regulators" about expanding the offshore bond sales by $2 billion.
The rupee has rallied 13 per cent since hitting a record low of 68.85 per dollar in August last year, helped by measures to narrow the current account deficit and the RBI's commitment to curb inflation.
Investors have also welcomed the election in May of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has pledged to revive the economy and the investment climate.
The IFC's $1 billion offshore bond was followed by the Asian Development Bank's first-ever sale of rupee-linked bonds abroad last month with a Rs 300 crore issue.
Foreign investors' exposure to rupee debt could get a further push should India join Euroclear, the world's largest securities settlement system, which would let foreign investors settle domestic government bonds on the system.
The IFC's domestic sale on Tuesday involved a Rs 600 crore ($98.5 million) issue with four tranches with maturities ranging from five to 20 years.
Sales by the IFC of onshore bonds could help with raising funds in the capital markets for India to pursue infrastructure projects.
In mid-July, the government sought to encourage banks to issue bonds to fund infrastructure by exempting these bonds from reserve requirements.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Tesco Suspends Execs Over Alleged Book-CookingTesco Suspends Execs Over Alleged Book-Cooking
 | By                                                                DANICA KIRKA
Updated:
11/22/2014  5:59 am EST
A customer leaves a Tesco Metro supermarket store, operated by Tesco Plc, in London, U.K., on Friday, Aug. 29, 2014. Tesco Plc unexpectedly slashed its dividend and reduced investment as the largest U.K. retailer was squeezed between German discount chains and upscale stores such as Waitrose, driving the stock to the lowest in almost 11 years. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
LONDON (AP) — Tesco, the world's second-largest supermarket chain after Walmart, has suspended four executives and launched an accounting investigation after admitting that its half-year profit was overstated by 250 million pounds ($407 million).
The scandal deepens the financial woes for the British company, which on Monday had to issue its third profit warning in two years as it struggles to compete with low-cost rivals. The announcements shocked investors, with shares plunging 11.6 percent to 203 pence at market close Monday. The problems have driven the company's stock down 46 percent in the past year.
The investigation, prompted by information from a whistleblower, comes less than a month after the new chief executive, Dave Lewis, was brought in to turn around the company's business.
"We have uncovered a serious issue and have responded accordingly," Lewis said in a statement.
Lewis took over from Philip Clarke after the company issued a profit warning at the end of August. At the time, Tesco said it expected to report "trading profit" of about 1.1 billion pounds for the six months ended Aug. 23. The retailer now plans to release its earnings for the period on Oct. 23, three weeks later than previously scheduled.
Tesco has long dominated the supermarket industry in Britain, but has recently been squeezed by aggressive cost-cutting competitors such as Lidl and Aldi.
The company, which last year was the world's second largest food retailer after Walmart when measured by revenue, said the overstatement of profits resulted from reporting commercial income too early and delays in booking some costs. The company asked audit firm Deloitte to begin an independent review, along with the group's external legal advisers.
Lewis stressed in an interview with the BBC that the decision to ask employees to stand aside was not an indication of guilt or that disciplinary action was warranted. He declined to speculate on what he might discover, but described it as a single incident.
"This is about getting to the bottom of a full and frank inquiry of what happened," he said.
The company does not have a chief financial officer at the moment. Alan Stewart begins work in December.
Shore Capital analyst Clive Black said the development is flabbergasting.
"Such an announcement is not the stuff of a well operated FTSE-100 organization."
Neil Saunders, managing director of retail consultancy Conlumino, said that while mistakes happen, it gives the impression of a company which is not fully in control of internal procedures.
"More significantly, it means that performance — which is already extremely weak — is actually much weaker than anticipated," he said. "This is something that will alarm investors and means that Tesco has much further to travel to recovery than first thought."
More:

Congress ready with list of candidates  likely to release on WednesdaySep 23, 2014 at 09:58pm IST
Congress ready with list of candidates, likely to release on Wednesday
8
0
New Delhi: Congress is said to have prepared the list of most of its candidates for Maharashtra Assembly polls which could be out on Wednesday amid expectations that the seat sharing arrangement with its 15-year old NCP would be clinched soon.
Party sources also indicated that there was a view that relatives of senior leaders should not be fielded and two tickets from a family should not be given barring exceptional circumstances.
It can be possible only both of the candidates are already sitting MLAs and in a winning condition or there is an exceptional scenario, where somebody has a sure shot chance of winning the seat minus any other credible alternative.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nominations.
#congress #assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
The talk in Congress circles was that several senior leaders were keen to give tickets to their kith and kin, including former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan, who was looking to field his wife Amita from Nanded, Congress Campaign Committee chief Narayan Rane was looking for a ticket for his son Nitesh from Konkan while PCC chief Manikrao Thakre wants his son Rahul to be given a ticket from Yavatmal.
Others seeking a ticket to their kith and kin include Revenue Minister Balasaheb Thorat, who wants a ticket for one of his nephews from Ahmednagar, while Transport minister Madhukar Chavan wants his son to replace him as the party candidate from Tuljapur and Shivajirao Deshmukh wants his son to contest from Shirala.
AICC sources indicated that while one of the family members could be considered for a ticket, the leadership is not warm to the idea of multiple members of a family contesting as it demoralises loyal workers.
A senior party functionary speaking on the condition of anonymity said that since the inauspicious Shradh Paksha ends by Wednesday noon, the time by which the seat dispute between Congress is also likely to be resolved after meetings in Maharasthra, the first list carrying most of the candidates' name could be out by the evening.
September 27 is the deadline for filing nominations. "After all candidates have to be given at least a day or two to prepare for filing nominations. So we have to declare all our candidates latest by September 25," the functionary said.
0

Liar s Dice  is India s entry for OscarPrint
Mumbai, Sep 23 (IANS) Happiness and pride are feelings that engulfed actress-director Geetu Mohandas when her independent film "Liar's Dice" was chosen as India's official entry for the best foreign film category at the 87th Academy Awards Tuesday. She says this was unexpected.
"I am extremely excited and happy for my entire cast and crew, and for my producers. This ('Liar's Dice') was purely an independent film. It's a proud moment for all of us today," Geetu, a Malayalam film actress, who made her directorial debut with "Liar's Dice", told IANS.
"When you make a film, you don't expect anything from it...you just want the film to be accepted and appreciated. But I am extremely happy with the way things have shaped up," she added.
The film stars talented actors Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Geetanjali Thapa. It tells the story of a young mother who takes her daughter in search for her missing husband.
Geetanjali's performance was lauded with the best actress honour at the 61st National Film Awards, while Geetu's husband Rajeev Ravi had won the best cinematography National Award for the movie.
Ravi, who married Geetu in 2009, told IANS: "I don't have words to describe how it feels. It certainly feels great and it's a proud moment for the entire team of this film."
The team is now waiting for the moment when the Oscar shortlist for the best foreign film category will be announced.
Today on Yahoo

US  Arab allies bomb Syria; kill 120 ISIS  al Qaeda militantsprint
The United States and five Arab nations struck multiple ISIS targets in Syria using fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk missiles on Monday night.
Going alone in a separate action, the US struck al Qaeda operatives, also in Syria, to foil an “imminent attack”  they were planning against Americans and Western interests.
US military described the strikes as “very successful” but said they were not in a position to share precise details of the impact, apart from aerial shots of damaged ISIS facilities.
ISIS targets included fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles.
These attacks were “only the beginning” of a long and sustained campaign to degrade and destroy ISIS, Director of Operations Lt Gen William C Mayville Jr told reporters.
Syria was notified of the strikes, and was warned against engaging US aircraft. The US insisted it did not coordinate the attacks with the Assad regime, or seek its permission.
Read: Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the strikes, the first four carrying out what is being called “kinetic action”, dropping bombs.
“America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” said President Barack Obama, before leaving for UNGA on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is reaching New York for the UNGA on September 26 and comes to DC on September 29 for meetings with President Obama.
Read: Air raids may put Indian hostages at risk, worries govt
The two leaders are expected to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq, and, specifically, ISIS, which continues to hold 39 Indian citizens it captured three months ago in Mosul.
In Monday night attacks, the US-led coalition conducted 14 strikes against ISIS targets in and around Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal in Syria.
The US used “47 TLAMs (Tomahawks) launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the US Central Command area of operations”.
Th strikes were conducted in three waves. The first wave, starting at 8:30 pm US eastern (6:00 am in India), targeted Khorasan group facilities west of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
More than 40 Tomahawk missiles struck Khorasan group’s training camps, an explosives and munitions production facility, a communication building and command and control facilities.
US officials said the group, which had been under observation for a while, was in the “execution phase” of a terrorist attacks against American and western interests.
The second wave came at 9:00 pm US eastern (6:30 am in India) with F-22s (Raptors) and F-6s targeting ISIS headquarters and training compounds in northern Syria.
The third wave, that was launched just after midnight (9:30 am, India), targeted ISIS facilities in eastern Syria, and saw a  massive participation of Arab allies.
US officials said they had not targeted the ISIS leadership individually and were aware that its fighters were being dispersed to hide among civilian populations.

Haemorrhaging talent  Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka lets staff to use Twitter  Facebook at workInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook, Twitter at work but get job done
Reuters | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
 

India successfully puts Mars Orbiter into orbit of red planet  makes space historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s Mangalyaan successfully enters Mars orbitIndia has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also cheapest such mission till now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
At 7.17 AM, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic moment from ISRO's centre. "MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said annnouncing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of Indian Space Research Organisation.
After successful launch PM Modi said, "India has become the first country to enter Mars orbit on a maiden mission." "History has been created today with India reaching Mars. ISRO has joined an elite group of countries to reach Mars," he said. "It was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot."
"Our budget is even lesser than a Hollywood blockbuster. These will go down as landmarks in history," Modi added.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
With MOM successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter.
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
2014
Mars Orbiter Insertion was carried out automatically by commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft had entered the Martian neighbourhood on Monday. At the time of MOM's orbital insertion, its signals took about 12 minutes and 28 seconds to travel to Earth for reception by NASA's Deep Space Network Stations in Canberra and Goldstone that relayed the data in real time to ISRO's station here.
The first sign of success in the final moments came when ISRO announced that burn of engines on India's Mars orbiter had been confirmed. "All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed," said ISRO signalling that history was in the making.
Page 1 of 2

We have achieved the near impossible  says PM Narendra ModiMars Orbiter Mission
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
An elated Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday described as "historic" India's "spectacular" success in reaching Mars in the maiden attempt, saying the country has dared to reach out into the unknown and achieved the near impossible.
In his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, Modi said, "Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won't disappoint us."
Saluting India's space scientists after its Mars mission created history, PM said the country has achieved the "near impossible" and prevailed though the "odds were stacked against us".
Calling the "spectacular" success of the country's space programme after today's Mars feat as a shining example of what it was capable of as a nation, Modi said it has dared to reach out into the unknown and gone beyond boundaries of human enterprise and imagination.
"The odds were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed!," Modi said in his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission(MOM) 'Mangalyaan'.
As the orbiter was placed in the orbit of the Red Planet, Modi patted the back of Indian Space Research Organisation Chairman K Radhakrishan after watching the critical final moments with space scientists.
"Travelling a mind-boggling distance of more than 650 million, or 65 crore kilometres, we have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination. We have, accurately navigated our spacecraft, through a route known to very few," he said, showering compliments on ISRO scientists.
PM Narendra Modi congratulates scientists on successful launch of Mars Orbiter Mission . #Mangalyaan pic.twitter.com/SDdhLUIZN3
— Narendra Modi PM (@Narendramodi_PM) September 24, 2014
"I congratulate all ISRO scientists as well as all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion," said the Prime Minister. Modi told the scientists that through their brilliance and hard work, "you have made it a habit of achieving the impossible".
"No one represents this zeal for exploring the unknown more than our space scientists here at ISRO," he said, adding, "These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history."
India's Mars orbiter, the Prime Minister noted, had been built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
He noted that the spacecraft had been put together in a record time with a mere three years of studying its feasibility, which was matter of pride for Indians.
"India is the only country to have succeeded in its very first attempt," Modi stressed, adding that, with today's spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached the red Mars.
He said the success of India's space programme is a shining symbol of "what we are capable of as a nation".
"Let today's success drive us with even greater vigour and conviction. Let's set ourselves even more challenging goals--this too must become a base for challenging the next frontier," he said.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
  Modi said Atal Bihari Vajpayee's "vision had inspired us to reach for the moon. The successful Chandrayan mission in turn led to the Mars Orbiter Mission."
The Prime Minister said, "We also have a great legacy and responsibility to live up to. Our ancestors had helped the world understand the mysteries of the heavens.
"Grasp the idea of Shunya or nothingness. Map spatial knowledge; such as the rotation of the Earth, motion of planets and occurrence of eclipses. Modern India must continue playing this leading role of 'Jagad-guru Bharat'," he said.
Modi said, "We have done so, from a distance so large; that it took even a command signal from Earth, more time to reach it, than it takes sunlight to reach us."
Uncertainty, he said, is a part of the journey of every explorer who seeks to push boundaries and the hunger of exploration and the thrill of discovery are not for the faint-hearted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISRO s Mars mission a historic achievement: Prez Pranab MukherjeePresident Pranab Mukherjee congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan success
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.09AM IST
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan', saying the breakthrough will inspire the country's scientists to make even greater strides.
In a message to Chairman of ISRO K Radhakrishnan, the President said, "I extend my hearty congratulations and best wishes to you and your team on the successful Orbit Insertion Maneuver of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan' after a journey of nearly nine months.
"The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. ISRO is also the first to enter the Martian Orbit in it's maiden attempt," he said.
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
"I am sure that this breakthrough, which marks a significant landmark in our space programme, will inspire our scientists to make even greater strides. Kindly convey my greetings to the members of your team of scientists, engineers, technologists and all others associated with this great mission. The nation is grateful for their hard work and proud of their accomplishment," he said.

India Successfully Puts Spacecraft in Mars  OrbitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Auto parts maker Magna to open two new plants in GujaratCanadian auto parts maker Magna to open two new plants in Gujarat
Allison Martell     Toronto   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 12:13 IST
Magna CFO Vince Galifi speaks during the company's Annual Shareholder Meeting in Toronto (Photo: Reuters)
Canadian auto parts maker and contract manufacturer Magna International said on Tuesday it plans to open two new plants in Gujarat.
One of the facilities, measuring 215,000 square feet and employing some 200 people, will manufacture seat systems for an unnamed "leading automaker."
The second, at 365,000 square feet and 400 employees, will manufacture vehicle body and chassis for multiple customers, Magna said. Both sites are expected to start producing at volume in 2015.
"With almost a million square feet of capacity now installed in India, we believe we are extremely well-positioned to support the increasing vehicle production forecast for the Indian automotive industry," said Jim Tobin, President of Magna Asia, in a release.
Magna has several other facilities in India, and 1,600 employees. Once the new sites are open it will have 11 manufacturing facilities and four engineering centers in the country.
In a separate release on Tuesday, Magna and Tata Group's automotive supplier Tata AutoComp Systems said they had agreed to form a joint venture that would supply seat systems for domestic commercial vehicle makers. The venture is to be based in Maharashtra .
(Reuters)

India Cements to hive off Chennai Super Kings for better valuationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter MissionComments
The success of Mangalyaan in achieving the desired orbit around Mars shows great maturity in space science and technology that India has achieved. It will lend credence to what Prime Minister Hon. Narendra Modi has said — that India can be the Walmart for space technology for the world.
India has shown that taking risk in expanding the boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) is ingrained in its culture and ambitions. The exploration of Mars has attracted tremendous attention of the world as Mars may have hosted life once in its past. In executing this first India’s mission to Mars, Isro has faced many formidable challenges and overcame these through meticulous planning and execution. Some of these challenges included launch into an orbit 250km by 23, 550km orbit around the Earth, performance of liquid engine after its long sleep mode, geocentric phase and trans Mars injection, achieving trajectory suitable for Mars orbit insertion, mission planning and management, and finally putting MOM in Mars orbit.
Mars formation and evolution are comparable to that of Earth. Research to date has shown that Mars conditions were suitable for life sometime in its past. The Methane Sensor for Mars on MOM has methane absorption wavelength and can measure the magnitude of methane up to the surface of the planet. This measurement will be very important as the earlier Nasa Curiosity mission reported in 2013 that there was no methane in the Martian atmosphere. With no methane, it is very unlikely that there was life on Mars. This gives MOM a new dimension in adding needed knowledge.
Through MOM, India has achieved its objectives of developing and testing capabilities and technologies such as deep space communications, navigation, mission planning and execution for interplanetary mission which is characterized by a distance that takes more than twelve minutes for light to travel. The mission will sense Mars surface features, morphology, mineralogy, and Martian atmosphere with indigenous scientific instruments.
NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (Maven) spacecraft successfully entered Mars’ orbit on September 21. “As the first orbiter dedicated to studying Mars’ upper atmosphere, Maven will greatly improve our understanding of the history of the Martian atmosphere, how the climate has changed over time, and how that has influenced the evolution of the surface and the potential habitability of the planet,” said Nasa administrator Charles Bolden. “It also will better inform a future mission to send humans to the Red Planet in the 2030s.”
Together, MOM and MAVEN will help us understand the past of Mars. India has had romance with astronomy for thousands of years and this mission keeps that alive.
Dr. Krishen is a Senior Scientist at NASA and views expressed by him are not necessarily those of NASA.

Modi congratulates ISRO scientists for Mangalyaan s success  says MOM has united with MarsSep 24, 2014 at  10:05am IST
Modi congratulates ISRO scientists for Mangalyaan's success, says MOM has united with Mars
239
4
Bangalore: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday congratulated Indian Space Research Organisation for its history achievement as it successfully launched India's maiden Mars Mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in its first attempt.
With the achievement, ISRO has entered the league of three other agencies which have succesfully launched Mars mission.
PM Modi and Karnataka Chief Minister K Siddaramaiah were at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bangalore to witness the crucial Mars Orbiter Insertion.
#narendra modi #isro #mangalyaan #mars
Hailing ISRO scientist for this stupendous achievement, Modi said, "I congratulate all ISRO scientists and all Indians on this historic occasion. History has been created today. We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
Modi was confident that the mission would be 100 per cent successful. He said, "MOM ka Mangal se milan hua (MOM has been united with Mars). MOM never disappoints."
The spacecraft has travelled a distance of 65 crore kms to reach its destination. He said, "With scarce resources our great scientists have achieved it. I am really proud. We have gone beyond the boundaries. Travelling an incredible distance of over 650 million or 65 crore kms, we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination."
Noting the level of scientists involved in this mission, Modi said, "It takes more time for our scientists to convey a message to Mangalyaan than it takes the sunlight to reach Earth. The odds were stacked against us. Of 51 missions attempted in world only 21 succeded. We have prevailed."
India's accomplishment will also go down as landmark in history. "Innovation by its very nature involves risk. You are trying to do something not done. It is a leap into the dark."
Modi added that scientists have honoured fore-father by this achievement. "Scientists have made great personal sacrifices to achieve this. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations. ISRO has a tradition and culture of grooming junior scientists."
Modi also asked citizens to celebrate this day as 'Anand Utsav'. He said, "If our cricket team wins a tournament, then nation celebrates. Our scientists' achievement is much greater. Today all of India should celebrate our scientists. Schools, colleges should applaud this."
101745

Asian stocks hit by Syria air strikesAsia stocks edgy on geopolitical woes, Europe set to falter
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 24:  
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
Spreadbetters saw European equities starting lower, forecasting London's FTSE to open down as much as 0.3 per cent, Germany's DAX and France's CAX down 0.2 per cent each.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
The CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings climbed 0.9 per cent, while the Shanghai Composite Index was up 0.8 per cent.
Space and defense stocks surged, with the industries enjoying support on hopes they would benefit from deepening reforms in state firms and from more government investment in defence.
On the other hand, Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.3 per cent and Australian shares lost 1.1 per cent.
The United States and its Arab allies bombed militant groups in Syria for the first time on Tuesday, opening a new front amid shifting West Asian alliances and sapping demand for risk.
"If geopolitical concerns deepen, you can't expect Japanese markets alone to survive. The market could fall up to 10-15 percent at most," said Akiko Miyazaki, director of stocks at Barclays in Tokyo.
Syria air strikes
The air strikes in Syria also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed US Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The dollar was down 0.3 per cent at 108.58 yen, after going as low as 108.25 yen overnight.
The greenback has been on the back foot after scaling a six-year high of 109.46 on Friday, receiving an additional knock after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe voiced concern about the economic impact from the currency's recent weakness.
The euro was little changed at $1.2851, limping away from the 14-month low of $1.2816 hit Monday.
Fed comments
Fed officials could offer more catalysts for currency markets, after Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota had said on Tuesday that the central bank can keep stimulating the US economy because inflation is posing little threat - comments the markets perceived as dovish.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester speaks later in the day.
"Fed officials will be in focus again today.. .if they do not give any hints that they are in a hurry to hike rates the dollar could lose more ground against the yen and present 109 as a ceiling," said Masafumi Yamamoto, market strategist for Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
Brent crude, gold
In commodities, Brent crude oil slid, with ample global supplies outweighing tensions in West Asia for the moment. Brent was down 12 cents at $96.73 a barrel.
Gold clung to overnight gains on Wednesday as Asian shares retreated, but investors remained cautious amid a firmer dollar and upbeat US manufacturing data that kept prices near their lowest since January.
Spot gold held steady at $1,223.40 an ounce.
Copper was stuck near three-year lows, weighed after miner Newmont raised its supply forecast and by signs of fragility in the global economy.
Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange inched up 0.1 per cent to $6,725.00 a tonne after slumping to the lowest in three months on Monday at $6,707.25 a tonne.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Oracle Financial Services declines on ex-dividendOracle Financial Services declines on ex-dividend
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:25 AM IST
Oracle Financial Services Software plunged nearly 12% to Rs 3,450 on the BSE on turning ex-dividend today, 24 September 2014, for an interim dividend of Rs 485 per share for the year ending 31 March 2015.
 
Before turning ex-dividend, the stock offered a dividend yield of 12.25% based on the closing price of Rs 3,958.50 yesterday,23 September 2014.
 
Oracle Financial Services Software is a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation. It is an IT solution provider to the banking industry.
 
The  stock opened at Rs 3,464, touched a high of Rs 3,611 and a low of Rs 3,464 on the BSE. A total of 5,074 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.

Mars Mission successful  ISRO confirmsUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:11 IST
India makes a mark in Mars
Tweet
Reuters Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi on screens after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, in Bangalore on Wednesday, September 24, 2014.
AP ISRO scientists celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore.
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
AP Indian Space Research Organisation scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014.
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
ISRO's Mars orbiter becomes first spacecraft to enter Martian orbit in maiden attempt
From 'Congratulations ISRO' to 'Howdy Curiosity' here's how India's Mars Mission scored big on Twitter .
15.02: Nimisha (@nim2391); Bhakt Repeller (@BhaktRepeller); Sherin Johnson (@i_sherin) ask how is the Mars Mission going to impact common man's life.
Executing an interplanetary mission is no simple feat. Being able to do it provides the impetus for more investment in space research as well as could herald an uptick in foreign investment. Expansion of spacefaring capabilities means development of better launch systems to launch more sophisticated scientific payloads, as well as, in the long run, giving India a foot in the door when it comes to hardcore interplanetary exploration and colonization, far though in the future that may be.
14:59: Many Bollywood stars took to Twitter to congratulate ISRO on its historic feat. Read here
14:56: Question from Facebook follower Dharmateja Challa: Will the data will be made public ? It would be great if they do so for scientific community?
Depends on institutional plans for the data because each instrument on the payload has been designed and manufactured by different institutions around India, led by various scientists. If the corresponding institute has plans to release data, then sure.
14.50: Mr. Mallikarjuna Konduri (@elKondorPasa) asks: will ISRO use rest of fuel for gaining a stabler orbit and extend the mission period?
Mission period doesn't depend on orbit stability as far as extension is concerned.
13: 30: Facebook follower Gautam Reddy: Now that ISRO is competing on par with it's contemporaries, Is ISRO having any plans for a Space Station?
There are no known plans for a space station. That would be too ambitious considering the kind of resources such an installation requires.
11.57: Satheesh Sellam (@SatheeshSellam) asked us this question: If we have successful cryo GSLV vehicle, the complexity of taking the satellite out of earth gravity is considered less?
We've had one successful test of the cryogenic engine. It's too soon to say how future missions will pan out, although that one test was encouraging. Also, having such an engine doesn't make it easier in the general sense but gives us the ability to launch heavier - and therefore more sophisticated - payloads into orbit, especially the geostationary transfer orbit.
11.36: Vaibhav Pratap Singh (@NooseVP) had posted a question on Twitter to us asking the difference between ISRO's Mars orbiter and NASA's Maven. Here's the answer:
There are some overlaps in terms of MAVEN's and MOM's objectives. Both are equipped with instruments that will provide a clearer picture of the Martian atmosphere. The Curiosity rover's next phase of operations includes investigating the possible presence of life in Mars' history and this means finding signs of water by looking for minerals that could have formed only in the presence of water. MAVEN will assist in this by looking for isotopic signatures, which is something MOM will do as well. The reason both probes are there right now is because of a certain window that comes once in 26 months that reduces the distance between Earth and Mars, making it a good opportunity to launch probes in this window.
10.45: "The periapsis achieved was 427 km and the apoapsis was 78,500 km. The final values will be obtained after several hours," Mission Director, MOM, V. Kesava Raju says. Read here
10.15:
History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists http://t.co/RNbacKjB5q #Mangalyaan
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 24, 2014
10.10: Watch: India scripts history with Mars Mission
10.06: India’s first rocket launch pad, the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station, Thumba, Kerala, was in a coconut plantation. A local church served as main office, the bishop’s house was converted into a workshop and a cattleshed the research lab! Surely, we’ve come a long way!
10.00: Mars Orbiter Mission: Timeline of events
9. 34: Home Minister Rajnath Singh wishes Team ISRO
Congratulations to ISRO scientists who successfully launched India's 'Mangalyaan' into Mars Orbit. They have scripted history today!
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
9. 20: Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares. Read In Depth aticle about the mission
8.47:
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
8.36: PM Modi concludes his speech with quote from Tagore.
8.35: This achievement is far greater than a cricket win: PM Modi
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
8.33: India is now the first country to succeed at a Mars Mission in the first attempt & cheapest cost: PM
8.29: Modern India must continue. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8. 28:
Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.23: Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building: PM Modi
8.22: Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8.13:
— The Hindu (@TheHindu) September 24, 2014
8: 12:
Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.05: PM Modi felicitates the scientists. "Scientists have gone beyond the boundaries of humar enterprise."
7.59: Occultation over. Mars Mission successful, ISRO Chairman confirms.
Great to hear from you.....welcome to Mars @isro !! #DSNNow pic.twitter.com/6zSrFHj7lr
7: 53:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
— ISRO (@isro) September 24, 2014
7.48: The firing must have been completed by now and MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication.
7.46: The spacecraft is now out of range of radio signals. It has gone behind Mars, in what is called as occultation/eclipse.Occultation is loss of signal due to the orbiter being on the 'dark side' of Mars.
7.38: In about half hour, ISRO is expected to get the first confirmation from NASA's ground station in Canberra, Australia.
7.31: All engines of the Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn start confirmed. Scientific community celebrate the confirmation message.
7.17: Burn must have started. All engines must have started firing by now. Stand by for confirmation. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m.
ISRO Chairman Dr. Radhakrishnan and Director and chariman of Spacecraft Authorisation Board Kiran Kumar waiting for confirmation of the Burn.
7.16: Mars Orbiter is now in the shadow of Mars.
7.12: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at ISRO to witness the historic event. ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan welcomes the PM
7.11: Mars Orbiter start of forward rotation is confirmed: ISRO
7.08: The Liquid Engine Burn is set to begin in a few minutes now.
7.02: Here's all you need to know about the Mars Orbiter Mission
6.56: Forward rotation must have begun, ISRO says. It is required to align the direction of firing for effective braking. Confirmation will reach after 12.5 minutes.
6.50: ISRO Chairman, in an exlcusive interview to The Hindu, talks about the agency's Plan A and Plan B for MOI. Read here
6.43: The result of Mars Orbit Insertion will be available only at about 8:30 a.m.
6.35: The orbiter’s propulsion system, called the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
6.31:
(Image courtesy: ISRO)
6.24: An exclusive interview with ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the MOI manoeuvre.
6.19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Bangalore late Tuesday and is expected to stay in the ISTRAC complex till 9 a.m. and address Team ISRO.
6.15: Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. today.

GM India rolls out new SAIL hatchback  sedanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GM India rolls out new SAIL hatchback, sedan
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
General Motors India today launched the new Chevrolet SAIL hatchback and sedan priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new SAIL hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 and Rs 6.81 lakh and the SAIL sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi), the company said in a statement.
Both the models are available in diesel and petrol options. The diesel option is powered by a 1.3 litre engine, while the petrol has a 1.2 litre engine.
Commenting on the new launch, General Motors India President and Managing Director Arvind Saxena said: “The new SAIL hatchback and sedan reinforce GM’s commitment to provide offerings that offer value for money at the heart of the market.”
Originally introduced in 2012, the SAIL is built on a global passenger car platform from erstwhile Chinese partner SAIC (Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp). It was created especially for India and other fast-growing emerging markets.
The platform has crossed the one million global sales figure in July 2014.
The new SAIL cars are equipped with active and passive safety features such as an engine immobiliser, central door locking, speed-sensitive automatic door locks and remote keyless entry enhance active safety.
In addition, the SAIL is equipped with dual air bags, anti-lock braking system (ABS) and electronic brake force distribution (EBD).
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

London copper stuck near three-month lowsLondon copper stuck near three-month lows
Reuters
Tweet
Melbourne, Sept 24:  
London copper was stuck near three-month lows on Wednesday as more evidence of brighter economic prospects in the United States failed to overcome jitters over Chinese growth and swelling supply of the metal.
Manufacturing in China, the world’s top user of most metals, unexpectedly picked up some momentum in September, even though factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, according to a purchasing managers’ survey.
The improvement was partly seasonal but was likely to stretch into coming months, which, with more targeted economic stimulus by China, would underpin the demand for metals, said Wan Ling, an analyst with consultancy CRU in Beijing.
“In August, it’s not great, to be honest, but in September usually manufacturing activity improves. And I do believe China will do a little more minor stimulus to help the economy - but as always, it won’t do big stimulus,’’ she said.
LME copper
Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was at $6,719 a tonne by 0309 GMT, little changed from the previous session when it also closed steady.
Copper prices slumped to the lowest in three months on Monday at $6,707.25 a tonne, weighed down by jitters over China’s growth and the prospect of increased refined supply.
The most traded December copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was flat at 47,990 yuan ($7,820) a tonne.
Newmont Mining output forecast
Newmont Mining Corp raised its full-year copper production forecast this week after ending a tax dispute with the Indonesian Government, which allows it to resume shipments from the country. Indonesia had enforced a ban on ore shipments in January.
Indonesia’s biggest copper miner, Freeport-McMoRan Inc , has already resumed shipments.
The pick-up in supply is feeding through into China’s smelters. China’s refined copper production rose 7.4 per cent in August from July to a record 680,128 tonnes.
“That looks like the start of this oversupply story coming through but we need to see it for a few months to ease the physical market tightness,’’ said a trader in Singapore, adding that traders who shorted the market now could get burnt.
A lack of immediately available copper metal was reflected in LME spreads, with cash copper trading at a $50 premium against the benchmark this week, the highest since late May.
US manufacturing activity
Elsewhere, US manufacturing activity hovered at a near 4-1/2-year high in September and factory employment surged, supporting views of sturdy economic growth this quarter.
But global goods trade will grow less than hoped this year and next, and factors including regional conflicts and the Ebola outbreak are putting a quick return to stronger growth at risk, the World Trade Organization had said on Tuesday.
Among other metals, ShFE zinc rose 1 per cent, extending a rebound from 2-1/2-month lows reached on Monday.
Smelters have boosted production and stocks in bonded warehouses have climbed to around 100,000-200,000 tonnes from around 50,000 tonnes at the start of the year, dampening zinc premiums and in turn eroding import demand, Ling said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

General Motors launches new SAIL sedan at Rs...General Motors launches new SAIL sedan at Rs 5.19 lakh, hatchback at Rs 4.41 lakh
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 10.49AM IST
0
Share More
The models are available in diesel and petrol options. The diesel option is powered by a 1.3 litre engine, while the petrol has a 1.2 litre engine.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: General Motors India today launched the new Chevrolet SAIL hatchback and sedan priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new SAIL hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 and Rs 6.81 lakh and the SAIL sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi), the company said in a statement.
Both the models are available in diesel and petrol options. The diesel option is powered by a 1.3 litre engine, while the petrol has a 1.2 litre engine.
Commenting on the new launch, General Motors India President and Managing Director Arvind Saxena said: "The new SAIL hatchback and sedan reinforce GM's commitment to provide offerings that offer value for money at the heart of the market."
Originally introduced in 2012, the SAIL is built on a global passenger car platform from erstwhile Chinese partner SAIC ( Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp ). It was created especially for India and other fast-growing emerging markets . The platform has crossed the one million global sales figure in July 2014.
The new SAIL cars are equipped with active and passive safety features such as an engine immobiliser, central door locking, speed-sensitive automatic door locks and remote keyless entry enhance active safety.
In addition, the SAIL is equipped with dual air bags, the anti-lock braking system (ABS) and electronic brake force distribution (EBD).
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Valuations of midcaps at historical highs: UBSSave precious time tracking your investments
Investment bank UBS turned more selective on Indian midcaps and said valuations relative to large caps are now at historical highs.
It listed Multi Commodity Exchange of India, Voltas , LIC Housing finance as its top picks. Its other top picks include Britannia Industries and Bajaj Electricals .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

To maintain 20-25% growth on sustainable basis: Kitex08:00 am
The third largest supplier of infant garments globally,  Kitex Garments derives 85 percent of revenue from sale of infant garments and 15 percent from fabric to Kitex Childrenwear.
The company aims to be the number one player in infant wear market over the next few years. It derives 100 percent of garment revenue from exports, with 90 percent coming from the US and the rest 10 percent from Europe.
The company witnessed 40 percent growth in the year gone by and Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director of Kitex Garments says it came on the back of capacity expansion. It plans to double capacity over the next three years.
The company expects to maintain 20-25 percent growth on a sustainable basis going forward. Jacob expects to see rise in margins on account of better efficiencies. He expects to improve efficiencies on both automation (production) and labour front.
There are also plans to merge Kitex Garments and Kitex Childrenwear perhaps in FY16. Jacob says Kitex Childrenswear enjoys marginally higher capacity and its margin profile is similar to Kitex Garments.
The company is also hoping to register its own brand in the US by this year end.
Kitex Garments expect topline of Rs 550 crore in FY15 and Rs 750 crore in FY16.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sabu Jacob's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: I was going through your financials. Your income has gone up 40 percent in the year gone by. Can you tell us what the exact order book is at this point and what kind of order visibility do you have? Can this 40 percent growth be sustained in the next couple of years as well?
A: Our growth pattern, if you look at it in the past five years averaged 20 percent and we expect a minimum growth should be like 20 percent growth but last year we have done a lot of expansion and we had a lot of production capacity increased that is why we made a 40 percent growth. This year, we expect between 20 percent and 25 percent and once we increase, again within three years, we are doubling the capacity.
Latha: Because your expansions also came up, you saw huge growth even in your margins. Your margins rose from 19 percent to about 22 percent. Profit obviously doubled because of that. Are you likely to do much better on the margin and bottomline level simply because you are going to use a larger and larger capacity?
A: Once the capacity is increasing and also we are doing a lot of automisation. So while doing that our efficiency is increased and performance of the total factory is improving. So that is why you can see that last year while investing on the production capacity, we invested for the latest technology and while improving that a lot of margin also improved.
So even going forward, we expect the same so we are planning on the technology as well as the manpower and the performance. So we expect further increase on the margins.
Sonia: Can you tell us a little bit about Kitex Childrenswear? Is it a subsidiary? What are the revenues, margins etc of that particular entity and I understand you plan to merge it with the overall business by FY16. So post FY16 for Kitex Garments as a whole, what will the revenues and profits look like?
A: The margin if you look at in Kitex Garments and Kitex Childrenswear is almost at the same level. In some quarters, it is 0.1 percent plus or minus. Other than that because the same kind of business we are doing and globally any buyer is almost same. There isn’t a huge difference. So Kitex Garments and Kitex Childrenswear, margin wise is same. Capacity wise, Childrenswear has little more capacity than the Kitex Garments.
Sonia: At this point you are supplying to a lot of the big brands. But at any point in time, do you plan to launch your own brand and if yes, by when would that be and how much do you think it could add to your revenues or your monetary performance?
A: We have already taken a decision. Monday in board meeting, we registered our brand in US and already these procedures are going on and we expect this yearend we will launch our own sales in US and our plan is by 2020 to do 100 percent sales in US. So we convert this free-on-board (FOB) business to retail business in US.
Latha: Will that mean much higher margins?
A: Definitely because that is adding the margins because now we sell in FOB in India so in addition to that we will sell in US.
Latha: That is FY16 that you are selling your own brand in US?
A: No. The process has already started. So we think the first sales can be done by December this year.
Latha: Would you therefore look at Rs 550 crore revenues and Rs 700 crore revenues for the current and next year likewise on profit should we pencil in Rs 75 crore and Rs 125 crore FY15-FY16?
A: Yes, FY16 we expect Rs 750 crore.
Latha: Rs 750 crore topline in the current year?
A: Rs 550 crore in current year and Rs 750 crore in FY16.
Sonia: Can you also tell us about your working capital cycle, how much will that reduce going ahead by the end of this year?
A: We work in a 90 days cycle and we are planning to bring it down to 60 days now.
Kitex Garments stock price
On November 21, 2014, Kitex Garments closed at Rs 533.60, down Rs 3.5, or 0.65 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 579.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 60.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.93 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 38.31. The latest book value of the company is Rs 36.67 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 14.55.
RELATED NEWS

Police clueless in Rs 12 crore painting theft at artist s house in New DelhiSep 24, 2014 at 10:02am IST
Police clueless in Rs 12 crore painting theft at artist's house in New Delhi
5
2
New Delhi: Police is still clueless in the Rs 12 crore painting theft case at noted artist and Padma Bhushan awardee Ram Kumar's residence.
The incident was reported to the police by Kumar's son on Sunday, when the family was about to shift some of the artist's best pieces from the studio in the basement of the house.
Police said it was reported that three paintings were found missing during the shifting process, which doesn't establish the date or time of the theft and it has proven to be a big hurdle in the investigation.
Police is still clueless in the Rs 12 crore painting theft case at noted artist and Padma Bhushan awardee Ram Kumar's residence.
#padma bhushan #ram kumar #painting #theft
According to police, besides, there is also no CCTV installed in the basement where such expensive paintings were stacked.
"Had CCTV been installed in the basement, police would have identified the accused so far. However, police is leaving no stone unturned to crack the case," a police official said.
On Sunday, three paintings worth Rs four crore each was found missing from Kumar's basement studio in his east Delhi residence. The stolen canvases belonged to his signature series 'Sad Town' painted in the year 1956.
The 90-year-old artist was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2010 and Padma Shri in the year 1972.
2

India s Mars orbiter Mangalyaan s journey to red planetSep 24, 2014 at  10:33am IST
India's Mars orbiter Mangalyaan's journey to red planet
47
0
Bangalore: India on Wednesday successfully placed its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) or Mangalyaan in the red Planet's orbit.
Following is the chronology of events that traces the journey of Mangalyaan which lasted over 300 days:
November 5, 2013: ISRO's PSLV C25 launches India's Mars Orbiter Mission from Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh.
Mangalyaan travelled a distance of 650 crore km for over 300 days to reach its destination.
November 7, 2013: First Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
November 8, 2013: Second Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
November 9, 2013: Third Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
November 11, 2013: Fourth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
November 12, 2013: Fifth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
November 16, 2013: Sixth Earth-bound manoeuvre performed.
December 1, 2013: Mars Orbiter Mission leaves Earth's orbit, Trans-Mars Injection performed.
December 4, 2013: Mars Orbiter Mission leaves Earth's Sphere of Influence of 9.25 lakh km radius.
December 11, 2013: First course correction manoeuvre performed on the spacecraft.
June 11, 2014: Second course correction manoeuvre executed.
September 22, 2014: Mars Orbiter Mission enters Mars' Gravitational Sphere of Influence; 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor test fired after over 300 days of dormancy; last trajectory correction manoeuvre performed.
September 24, 2014: Mars Orbiter Mission reaches the intended orbit around Mars, making India the first country in the world to have successfully launched its mission to the red planet on the very first attempt.
9

Sensex down 39 points; capital goods  realty stocks major losersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid weak European cues.
After falling over 215 points in the late afternoon trade after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocation, the 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 31 points at 26,744.69.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE index Nifty, after declining below the 8,000 mark by falling 67.05 points or 0.84 per cent to 7,950.05, ended the session at 8,002.40, down 15.15 points.
Brokers said that the selling pressure was witnessed soon after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks, allotted since 1993. Besides, persistent selling by foreign funds also dampened the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 1,185.17 crore yesterday, as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Among BSE sectoral indices, capital goods index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, followed by realty 1.69 per cent, consumer durables 1.27 per cent and banking 1.08 per cent. On the other hand, FMCG index was up 1.75 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.55 per cent and oil & gas 0.23 per cent.
Coal India, HUL, Cipla, ITC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SBIN, Tata Steel, L&T, BHEL and TCS.
Most European stocks fell as a measure of German business confidence dropped and the dollar weakened from a four-year high.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slid 0.1 per cent and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.1 per cent at 9:55 a.m. in London.
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Alibaba inspires Tata Group to get into e-co...Alibaba Group
(Tata already operates an…)
NEW DELHI: The Tata Group plans a bigbang entry into the Indian ecommerce space with the marketplace model that has been made immensely successful by Alibaba — which just made a record initial public offering in the US — and has also been emulated domestically by Flipkart, Amazon India and Snapdeal, according to two people familiar with Tata Group's plans.
The initiative will be led by Tata Industries Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Tata Sons that shepherds the group's entry into new businesses, and not by its existing retail units, said one of the persons.
"Tata Industries incubates new businesses as they have done with Tata's entry into auto components and telecom ventures," said the person, who didn't want to be named. "Then such businesses are taken forward by their respective units." A Tata Sons spokesperson said the group is eyeing the country's ecommerce business but did not elaborate on plans. "Suffice it to say that ecommerce is of interest to the Tata Group. We will share more information at the appropriate moment," the person said.
To be sure, Tata already operates an ecommerce site for its consumer electronics business Croma, but the marketplace model will allow any vendor to sell on the platform, similar to what Amazon or Flipkart do in India. Ecommerce marketplaces make money by charging fee or commission from merchants using them.
Tata is modeling its business on Tmall.com, the Alibaba Group's marketplace, said the second person cited above. This, along with twin B2C marketplace Taobao.com, generated about $248 billion in gross merchandise sales last year for the Chinese company, more than that of Amazon.com and eBay put together.
The yet-to-be-named marketplace is planned to be rolled out next year and will initially showcase Tata's existing retail chain brands such as Westside, Croma and Star Bazaar. Tata is also working to rope in joint venture partner Zara, which otherwise sells online only through its own sites globally, to sell on the platform, the person added.
Tata has already started the process of hiring people as well enrolling vendors for its marketplace, the person said.
India's ecommerce market has been red-hot in recent years with market leader Flipkart clocking a valuation of $7 billion in a July funding round when it raised $1 billion from a clutch of existing investors. A day later, Amazon announced plans to invest $2 billion in India.
India's online retail business is expected to surge to between $19 billion and 38 billion, from about $2.3 billion in annual sales now, according to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors.
Enticed by the potential, several Indian companies, including Reliance Industries, are planning online retailing forays. Tata has a sizeable presence in real-world retail, which includes high-profile JVs with Britain's Tesco, Spain's Zara and No. 1 coffee chain Starbucks . Interestingly, Ratan Tata , chairman emeritus of Tata Sons, has invested personally in Snapdeal and online jewellery retailer Bluestone in recent months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Zuari Agro Chemicals: Outcome of AGMSep 24, 2014, 11.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zuari Agro Chemicals: Outcome of AGM
Zuari Agro Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zuari Agro Chemicals: Outcome of AGM
Zuari Agro Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Zuari Agro Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 5th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 01, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

5 things that Mangalyaan will do in Mars orbit5 things that Mangalyaan will do in Mars orbit
Deccan Gold Mines gets nod to takeover Geomysore Services (India)Deccan Gold Mines gets nod to takeover Geomysore Services (India)
Mahindra Xylo facelift launched at Rs 7.52 lakhMahindra Xylo facelift launched at Rs 7.52 lakh
Tata bats for low-cost cars to compete with ChinaHi Guest
Tata bats for low-cost cars to compete with China
Ratan Tata  emphasised the need for  allowing the younger generation to put forward their views on low-cost manufacturing of cars.   Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the Tata group has rooted for low-cost manufacturing to provide the impetus the country needs to compete with China. Tata, who received the GIL visionary leadership award for lifetime achievement hosted by Frost and Sullivan, also stressed on allowing the younger generation to put forward their views if the country ...

MOM: Greetings pour in hailing  historic  moment for IndiaMOM: Greetings pour in hailing  historic  moment for India
Bajaj Electricals strengthens on bagging order worth Rs 108.63 croreBajaj Electricals strengthens on bagging order worth Rs 108.63 crore
Jet Airways in focus on plan to expand international operations from NovemberJet Airways in focus on plan to expand international operations from November
EMIs are taking our dreams awayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian luxury consumer is more price conscious: Sanjay KapoorSanjay Kapoor, MD, Genesis Luxury believes that the luxury consumer has definitely become younger and the demographics are becoming wider in all aspects—gender, geography or age.
Here are the excerpts of his interview with Anita Khatri of Zee Media.
1. In the last 3-5 years, has the Indian luxury consumer evolved? If so, how and why?
Yes, the Indian luxury consumer has definitely evolved over the last few years. The initial phase of the badge/logo-conscious consumer has given way to quality and heritage consciousness. The luxury consumer wants to take the next step and engage with brands that are high on quality and craftsmanship. They are also looking for more bespoke experiences than what is just available off the rack. Exclusivity is the new buzz word.
2. Is there a change in the gender category or age category of the luxury watch consumer making demands?
The luxury consumer has definitely become younger and the demographics are becoming wider in all aspects—gender, geography or age.
Media penetration, frequent overseas travel by the upper-middle classes and a wide growth of aspirational consumers has ensured a greater exposure to international luxury brands within the country.
3. The Indian retail industry seems to be evolving. Your comment.
The Indian retail industry has gone through a metamorphosis, in the last decade. Changes have been from both, the consumer as well as the marketeer’s end. The Indian economy has grown and become more self-sustained, which has also increased the viability of FDI. The consumer has more disposable income, which has raised the purchasing power of the population, each year adding more numbers to this consumer market. The presence of global players in the market has given the right competitive impetus to home-grown brands too and both vie with each other to improve the quality of customer experiences.
4. Is there any peculiarity with regards to the Indian luxury consumer as compared to his/her global counterpart?
The Indian luxury consumer is comparatively more quality conscious and definitely more price conscious than his or her global counterpart. He is aware and well-travelled, he does all the necessary research before making a purchase. Brands entering India must therefore bring their best and latest products at competitive prices. The Indian consumer is also used to more attention and hand-holding. Brands have to roll out some additional services to pamper this consumer.
First Published: Thursday, September 11, 2014 - 17:49
0

Amit Shah calls Uddhav  says alliance must continueAmit Shah calls Uddhav, says alliance must continue
Yahoo India –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: BJP President Amit Shah called Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray Monday morning and urged him not to break the alliance, according to TV reports. "The alliance must continue," Shah reportedly told Uddhav. He also told the Shiv Sena chief that his last proposal was not practical.
Uddhav on Sunday offered 119 seats of the total 288 Assembly seats to BJP in Maharashtra. As per the new formula, Shiv Sena will contest on 151 seats, 119 for BJP and 18 for minor allies. Both Sena and BJP would each carve out nine seats from their quota for 18 seats for the minor allies. Sena would then compensate nine seats to BJP from its own share. “We will choose the nine seats that BJP will get from us and they will not have any say in this,” Uddhav said.
“This is my last attempt at saving alliance. I cannot go beyond this.” Maharashtra will go to polls on October 15. In 2009, Shiv Sena had contested 169 seats and BJP on 119 seats.
Uddhav also appealed to BJP to not let go the golden opportunity to form the government in Maharashtra. “I want power at all cost. Not for myself, but for the people,” he said, dropping hints that if BJP did not take his offer, his party was ready to go alone.
“They first offered 135 seats each... Then they modified the offer giving 145 seats to Sena and 125 to BJP. I reminded them we are the party which is giving seats,” Uddhav said.
He hoped that the BJP would be prudent enough to accept the offer. “However, if the alliance breaks, I will feel hurt. I still feel from the bottom of heart that alliance should remain intact,” Uddhav said.
He added the only reason the alliance lasted for 25 years was because it was never forged for power but for the common agenda of Hindutva. “ In the past, we knew our limits and never stretched the discussions over seat sharing to the point of strain. We were with the BJP through all the ups and downs,” Uddhav said.
Meanwhile, the BJP gave lukewarm response to the Sena’s final offer. “We have been contesting 119 seats in the past. So what is the new offer?” senior state BJP leader Eknath Khadse asked.
Recommend

HTC to make the upcoming 9-inch Google Nexus tabletGoogle's decision to pick HTC reflects its long-term strategy of building a broad base of partners from device to device to prevent any one manufacturer from gaining a monopoly.
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 22, 2014 1:41 pm
Google Inc has selected HTC Corp to make its upcoming 9-inch Nexus tablet, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Google had been mulling HTC as a potential Nexus tablet partner since last year and HTC engineers have been flying to the Googleplex in Mountain View in recent months to work on the project, the report said.
Google’s decision to pick HTC reflects its long-term strategy of building a broad base of partners from device to device to prevent any one manufacturer from gaining a monopoly, the report said.
That may also be one of the reasons why Google chose HTC over bigger rivals Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, maker of the Nexus 10 tablet.
Representatives at Google were not immediately available for comment outside regular U.S. business hours. HTC declined to comment on the report.

How CEO Sanjiv Mehta is taking HUL forwardYou are here: Home > Collections > India
How HUL CEO Sanjiv Mehta is taking forward the process of embracing the market
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.40AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(In challenging HUL managers,…)
A year into his tenure as CEO of Hindustan Unilever, Sanjiv Mehta has made his most significant move yet. Convinced new consumers can be found in heaps in the mosaic that is the Indian market, Mehta is giving his managers a new structure to go find it. In challenging HUL managers, he's taking forward the process of embracing the market his predecessor Nitin Paranjpe began.
When Sanjiv Mehta moved to Mumbai last October to take charge of Hindustan Unilever, India's largest FMCG company, it had been 21 years since he last worked in the country. Yet, the son of an RBI accountant who grew up in Mumbai intuitively describes this melting pot of India as "home" and himself as a "Mumbaikar". "When I reach the turn around the museum at Colaba, the years go by in a roll," he says. "Mumbai has been my home for so many years. My mother lives in Colaba."
Still, for Mehta, returning to India with some sense of permanence, and travelling across it, has been about renewing old attachments and finding new ones. That question of identity — just what is India, especially as a consumer — lies at the heart of the change Mehta is trying to sell to his own managers, many of whom have built Hindustan Unilever into a Rs 29,233 crore company and who, at various points in time, have shrugged to say there's little room for this giant to grow in the India they know. It's a notion Mehta is challenging.
"None of the categories in which we operate are saturated. Not even soaps and detergents, which are highly penetrated categories," says Mehta. "If the per-capita consumption in fabric conditioner was to increase to the same level as Vietnam, the market in India for fabric conditioners would be 40X larger." Mehta is laying down the marker in the inimitable way that has come to define the 55-year-old a leader: firm without being rude, purposeful rather than preachy, looking ahead and not back. The admittance that HUL could have done better on the growth front is implicit in his argument, but is subdued in its expression. The expression, instead, is all about structure.
That structure is formally named 'winning in many Indias', or WIMI, and it was rolled out on September 21. In his one year at HUL, which he will complete this October 10, this is Mehta's most significant move.
Previously, HUL made sales via a structure that broke up India into four regions. As part of WIMI, a fifth region has been added. More importantly, sales will now be flanked — and fed — by consumer insights from a parallel geographical structure that carves out India into 14 parts. The philosophy is to change HUL's responsiveness from a place of being largely homogenous (seeing India as a few big markets) to a place that is a lot more heterogeneous (seeing India as a mosaic of markets). The idea is identify sales gaps and market-creation opportunities — of which, Mehta believes there are ample, even for a large company like HUL — and to infuse it with a growth mindset again.
It's the classic HUL leadership template, quips a former senior company official, and every new CEO does this. "Everyone has to justify changes," he says, on the condition of anonymity. "Undeniably this focus will help... but HUL has been around for 70-80 years. What new findings are there that they haven't yet discovered in India?" He believes that no what matter what HUL does, it will struggle to fend off the scatter of regional players.
CK Ranganathan, founder-chairman of CavinKare, a South India-based competitor, is more circumspect in his assessment. "They seem to be focussing in small parts through smaller structures and sharper teams," says Ranganathan, whose company owns brands such as Nyle, Chik and Fairever. "That will help them win in various smaller markets. One of course needs to wait to see how effective that is."
 
The consolidation
Mehta could not wait. He began his homework on India between his appointment as the new HUL chief and his actual move from Dubai, where he was handling 20 emerging markets for parent Unilever as its chairman, North Africa and Middle East. "I had sent a note to my management-committee members, seeking detailed insights and information into their part of the business," he recounts. "And when I moved here, I did the deep-dive sessions and met a large cross-section of people, from managers in my team in groups and individually to consumers for feedback about my business."
When he did move here, the Indian economy was facing economic headwinds. HUL had used price hikes and cost control to not only protect its operating margins, but even grow them. The issue was growth. For the year ended December 2013, its sales grew a lame 8%.
Mehta began incrementally: for example, renovating and innovating in several big brands, including Pond's men range of personal care products, Tresemme hair care and Magnum ice-creams. Meanwhile, economic sentiment improved. At 13%, HUL's revenue growth in the April to June quarter was the its highest in five quarters.

EXL Service plans to start operations in ChinaYou are here: Home > Collections > Analytics
EXL Service plans to start operations in China, looking to grow in Europe and Australia organically
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
China
(The US-listed business…)
MUMBAI: Outsourcing firm EXL Service is considering setting up operations in China and will focus on Europe and Latin America as part of its expansion strategy.
"We are considering China as a way to break into Japan and Korea," Rohit Kapoor , chief executive of EXL Service, told ET. "We would also look to grow in continental Europe, Canada and Australia organically. We are looking to diversify."
The US-listed business process management company is also setting up a small operations unit in South Africa , he added.
Entering new geographies is seen as the way forward for India's business process management industry, which is projected to nearly double revenues to $50 billion by 2020. The National Association for Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) expects geographies like continental Europe and Latin America to become increasingly important.
About 70% of EXL's revenues come from the US and about 20% from the UK. The company has forecast revenue of about $480-500 million for the year ending December 31, 2014. With geographic expansion, EXL expects divisions such as healthcare and analytics to provide a larger chunk of the company's revenues. "Healthcare is currently about 10% of our revenues. And it is growing fast. I could see it contributing about 20% over the next three to five years," Kapoor said. "Similarly, analytics is also growing at close to 40%. We have about 1,500 people in that division."
According to Kapoor, the company will look at acquisitions to grow in verticals like healthcare, though valuations are currently high in this sector.
Healthcare and analytics are the new areas of focus for BPM companies. "We estimate that analytics will become the second-largest segment for the industry by 2016, overtaking the finance and accounting business," Nasscom president R Chandrashekhar had said at the BPM strategy summit held last week, adding that healthcare was among the fastest growing verticals due to the boost provided by President Obama's healthcare overhaul.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp strategises to increase global footprintHero MotoCorp in line with larger plan of increasing global footprint
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 23 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
The board of directors of the company will meet at a 15th century heritage villa in the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The world's top two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp is holding its board meeting in Florence on Tuesday, its first venue outside India, in line with its larger plan of increasing global footprint.
"With global foray plans, we are holding our first-ever board meeting at an overseas location," a Hero MotoCorp spokesperson said. "In the past 18 months, we have expanded to over 20 global markets across Africa, Asia and South and Central America. We have plans to keep expanding rapidly our global footprint to more than 50 countries by 2020."
The board of directors of the company will meet at a 15th century heritage villa in the capital city of the Italian region of Tuscany.
"It is also a strategic decision to hold the meeting in Italy as it is home to two of our alliances - Engines Engineering and Magneti Marelli - both based at Bologna. The entire team, including our board of directors, visited the R&D centres of Engines Engineering and the facility of Magneti Marelli at Bologna on Monday."
Engines Engineering is a technology partner of Hero MotoCorp. Hero MotoCorp also has a joint-venture with Magneti Marelli in India for fuel injection technologies.
The company flew board members and the entire leadership team into Italy over the weekend. The board members, including Gen (Retd) VP Malik, Anand C Burman, Paul Edgerley, Pritam Singh, Pradeep Dinodia and Ravi Nath, along with the senior leadership team of Hero, will brainstorm on the future roadmap of the company.
The 'Strategy Session' will be moderated by Harvard Business School professor Tarun Khanna. Khanna, an expert on emerging markets, globalisation, international business and strategy, is currently the Jorge Paulo Lemann professor at Harvard where he is a member of the strategy group and the director of Harvard University's South Asia initiative since 2010.
Outside India, Hero Moto-Corp sells bikes and scooters in Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh, Egypt and Turkey in Asia; Peru, Ecuador and Colombia in South America; Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Nicaragua in Central America; Kenya , Mozambique, Tanzania and Uganda in East Africa; and Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Democratic Republic of Congo and Angola in West Africa.
The company is setting up two overseas manufacturing plants in Colombia and in Bangladesh that are expected to go on stream in 2015-16. In partnership with its local distributors, Hero MotoCorp has also set up assembly units in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Infosys  Wipro to help Dell treble services revenueYou are here: Home > Collections
IT veterans from Infosys and Wipro to help Dell treble services revenue in few years
Pankaj Mishra & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.07AM IST
Tags:
Cognizant
(“We want to double, triple,…)
BANGALORE: Michael S Dell wants to more than treble the software services revenue in a "few years", an ambition that the entrepreneur is betting on his team of leaders handpicked from Indian outsourcing giants such as Infosys and Wipro.
Significantly, the founder, chairman and CEO of the Texas-based computer hardware and services firm believes ever since going private, Dell has been able to focus more on clients without being distracted by "activist shareholders" and invest in some of the long-term strategies, including investing in cloud, security and analytics space.
"We want to double, triple, quadruple our (services) business," Dell said in a phone interview last week, outlining his ambitions on services play for the first time. "There are 10 companies which have 1% of the $3 trillion IT industry, we have about 2%. We would want to have 3-4% in the years to come," he said from Brussels where he's been meeting customers. To be sure, Dell had a services unit in addition to selling desktops before it was taken private earlier this year.
The company first handpicked Wipro veteran Suresh Vaswani in December 2012 to steer its services business, who since then has aggressively built a core team by poaching executives from Infosys, Wipro and Hewlett Packard. "(But) remember the IT industry itself will be more than $3 trillion in years to come, and with internet of things (IoT), industry will grow beyond $3 trillion and we would want to bring solutions to capture a bigger share of the growing pie," Dell said.
INSIDE DELL STRATEGY
The centerpiece of Dell's turnaround strategy is based on combining existing IPs within to create software platforms and build newer solutions around disruptive technologies in IoT. Dell's chest thumping on IP hinges on its aggressive play in acquiring companies — it has bought over two dozen firms in the last five years, from StatSoft in advanced analytics to SecureWorks in security space, thereby helping it provide end-toend solutions to its customers.
Over the past one year, Vaswani has been able to convince top Indian IT executives such as Anand Sankaran, a Wipro veteran, Prasad Thrikutam, a high profile Infosys leader among others, to join Dell — "the world's largest startup" as described by its founder.
"If you look at the industry, it needs some freshness, and I will say we are providing that freshness," Vaswani told ET in an interview. "Indian IT services come from a particular angle and HP, EDS are monoliths so to speak. We say a different story, and we don't have legacy. And we have lots of IP."
Thrikutam, who was hired by Nandan Nilekani in 1995 at Infosys, joined Dell last month. "Most companies have a constraint on which path they can take because if they are a public company, they have to follow quarterly targets. Michael said I can choose the path I want, so I have control over my destiny — that was the clincher for me to join," Thrikutam said.
 
Officials said the firm's ability to invest in new services opportunities has become better, and faster after delisting.
"You are sitting in a meeting, and we say we should grow more on healthcare and we need tens of millions of dollar. And it is done. We don't have to go to shareholders to seek their approval," said Vaswani.
COMPETING WITH THE INCUMBENTS
But to compete with the likes of IBM, Accenture and Indian service providers, Dell would need more than just the flexibility of a privately-held company. On one hand, IBM is putting a multi-billion dollar bet on its autonomics solution Watson, and on the other hand India-based software services companies such as Cognizant Technology Solutions are beginning to challenge Dell in the healthcare services market. Cognizant acquired Trizetto for $2.7 billion a week ago, after hitting a slow patch of revenue growth during past year. Some analysts, including IDC, believe that Dell is not strong as IBM, Accenture or Infosys in services play as Dell still approach the market from the technology perspective, rather than a business one.
"Their (Dell) actual share is limited, despite the ambition. (But) services will play an increasing role for Dell — especially as they continue their move towards the what we (IDC) call the 3rd platform of IT : mobility, cloud, social and big data, " said Lionel Lamy, associate VP, European services, workplace & mobility, network life cycle, Internet of Things at IDC, the research firm. "In other words, the strategy is there, the services portfolio is aligned ... all they need is to execute and gain market presence (awareness) as well as market share. This will take time," he added.

HTC expects to ring in higher sales in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
HTC expects to ring in higher sales in India
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.38AM IST
Tags:
Desire 816
(HTC expects India revenues…)
NEW DELHI: Taiwanese handset maker HTC expects India revenues to grow very strongly this year, driven by the increased traction towards its mid segment smartphones, which the company aims to expand further.
Faisal Siddiqui , India head at HTC, said the country remains the third-largest smartphone market for the company. He said the jump in sales in India will help the company increase its market share to 15% from 4% faster than anticipated.
Siddiqui said the mid-segment will be the focus of HTC and it will come up with more smartphones in the coming months. HTC is likely to launch the successor of its successful Desire 816 smartphone, called Desire 820, in India this week
The mid-range segment —Rs 15,000-25,000 — saw more than 100% growth in the first half of the current year, according to gadget research website 91mobiles.com.
Vendors launched 35 smartphones in India in the first half of 2014 against 17 in the year-ago period. Retailers say while HTC's sub Rs 12,000 devices have been successful, the company's mid-range smartphones have received an even better response from the consumers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mobile app for clicking selfie with Isro s MangalyaanYou are here: Home > Collections
Mobile app for clicking selfie with Isro's Mangalyaan
PTI Sep 21, 2014, 06.14PM IST
Tags:
IOS
(The app allows the participants…)
HYDERABAD: City-based start-up Smartur has developed a mobile application (app) built on augmented reality that allows users of Android phone users and iOS mobile devices to click a selfie with Indian spaceship Mangalyaan that is due to land on Mars next week.
The Smartur app will provide the mobile users a platform to experience and participate in India's most important space programme milestone - the historic arrival of Mangalyaan on Mars on September 24, according to a release here today.
The Smartur app is an augmented reality app that has been developed using a 3D model and provides the user with an almost 'real' experience of seeing the object (in this case Mangalyaan) in their living environment, the release said.
The app allows the participants to click and upload/ share innovative pictures that can look like Mangalyaan is lifting off from their hands or out of their car or any other idea that comes to their mind, it said.
A participant would be required to download the app for free on their mobile device and take a print out of the 'Marker' (a marker is a design that helps the model the Mangalyaan to be placed in reality). The combination of the app and marker would give users an actual feel of being right there with the Mangalyaan, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks face fresh curbs on leveraged loansBanks face fresh curbs on leveraged loans
By Tracy Alloway in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9513468-3f47-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US acts to curb firms overseas relocation move to avoid taxesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Real estate sector set to gain after licensing made mandatory for all brokersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CBSE asks schools to make students watch historic Mars missionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Asia Stocks Dip  Lower Yields Keep Dollar in CheckYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Dip, Lower Yields Keep Dollar in Check
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 07:44 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Tokyo:
Asian stocks tracked an overnight decline on Wall Street and dipped early on Wednesday, while the dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent, sliding to a fresh four-month low. Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.6 per cent.
US stocks fell overnight, weighed by downbeat European data and as the first US-led air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters dampened investor risk appetite.
The air strikes in Syria, which opened a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances, also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed US Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The dollar was down 0.3 per cent at 108.50 yen, after going as low as 108.25 yen overnight. The greenback has been on the back foot after scaling a six-year high of 109.46 on Friday.
The euro was little changed at $1.2839, limping away from the 14-month low of $1.2816 hit Monday.
For further currency market direction participants awaited upcoming comments from Fed officials.
"Fed officials will be in focus again today.. .if they do not give any hints that they are in a hurry to hike rates the dollar could lose more ground against the yen and present 109 as a ceiling," said Masafumi Yamamoto, market strategist for Praevidentia Strategy in Tokyo.
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester speaks later in the day, after Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Narayana Kocherlakota said on Tuesday the central bank can keep stimulating the US economy because inflation is posing little threat -comments the markets perceived as dovish.
In commodities, Brent crude oil was little changed, with ample global supplies outweighing tensions in the Middle East for the moment. Brent was up 6 cents at $96.91 a barrel.
Gold dipped as a spike triggered by safe haven bids in the wake of the airstrikes in Syria faded. Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,221.01 an ounce.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Samsung to Launch New Phone in China Before AppleAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Live: India makes history  triumphs in maiden Mars missionIndia makes history, Mars orbiter enters red planet's orbit
India has triumphed in its first interplanetary attempt by successfully putting a satellite into orbit around Mars.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
Print
India's low-cost mission to Mars successfully entered the red planet's orbit on Wednesday, crowning India as the first country to complete the trip at its maiden attempt.
The success of the Mars Orbiter Mission, lauded for its low price tag of Rs 450 crore, will boost India's five-decade-old space programme that newly-elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi aims to expand with better infrastructure and technology.
With a spacecraft around Mars, India joins a small group of nations that have successfully sent probes to orbit or land on Mars. Others, however, failed several times initially.
After rotating the Orbiter towards Mars, the main engine was fired 24 minutes from Mars to enter the Martian orbit, which will be about 500 km from its surface and 215 million km away from the Earth in radio distance.
The spacecraft will consume about 250 kg of liquid fuel with oxidiser.
The 1,350-kilogram orbiter will now circle the planet for at least six months, with five solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on Martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on Mars in large quantities.
Scientists broke into wild cheers Wednesday morning as the orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time and maneuvered into its designated place around the red planet.
Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
On Sunday, NASA achieved its own success in placing its Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, in position. The U.S. has two more satellites circling the planet at the moment, as well as two rovers rolling across the rocky Martian surface. The European Space Agency's Mars Express, launched over a decade ago, is still operating as well.
The success of India's Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, brings India into an elite club of Martian explorers that includes United States, the European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half the world's previous attempts — 23 out of 41 missions — have failed, including one by Japan in 1999.
The Indian Space and Research Organisation described the mission as flawless.
Modi hails India's Mars mission as historic
The success of India's successful mission to Mars "will go down as landmark in history", said Prime Minister Narendra Modi after Mars Orbiter Mission entered the orbit of the red planet.
"These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history," said a visibly happy Modi.
The prime minister said that the MOM was built "indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot".
He said: "India is the only country, to have succeeded in its very first attempt."
"With today's spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group, of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached red planet," he added amidst applause.
Modi, wearing a red coloured jacket, said that the "odds, were stacked against us".
"Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed," he said.
The prime minister said: "Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise and imagination."
All you needed to know about India's low-cost mission to Mars
1
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase.
2
The orbit insertion will take place when the spacecraft will be 423 km from the Martian surface and 215 million km away (radio distance) from the earth.
3
Just 21 out of the 51 missions launched to Mars by different countries have been successful and that too by only three space agencies — NASA, European Space Agency and the Russian Federal Space Agency. The launch gives India an entry into an exclusive club of nations with interplanetary travel capabilities.
4
The Rs 450-crore Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. The project, built over a remarkably short period of two years, is primarily a technological mission considering the critical operations and stringent requirements on propulsion and other systems of the spacecraft.
5
Launched last November, the Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, aims to study the planet's surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
6
If the spacecraft does manage to enter orbit around Mars on September 24, India would become the first country to succeed on its first try. European, U.S. and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts.
7
The Rs 450-crore ($70 million) ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission was launched Nov 5, 2013, on board a polar rocket from spaceport Sriharikota off Bay of Bengal, about 80 km northeast of Chennai.
8
The pay loads include Lyman Lpha Photometer to measure the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen from Lyman- alpha emission; Methane Sensor for Mars to measure methane in the Martian atmosphere, and thus determine past existence of life; Mars Colour Camera to capture images and information about the surface of Mars and its composition; Mars Exopheric Neutral Composition Analyser, which is a spectrometer; and Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer to map surface composition and mineralogy of Mars.
9
The Mangalyaan has been configured to carry out observations of the physical features of the Mars and also to carry out a limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
10
The criticism of the Mars mission being ‘a waste of money’ appears to be misplaced too. If one monetises the worth of national services that ISRO satellites are providing — communications, broadcasting, broadband, weather forecasting, disaster warning, ocean monitoring, education, navigation — it would be several times the budget of the space agency. ISRO’s annual budget is about one billion dollars, compared to $ 17.7 billion for NASA, $7.9 billion for Russian agency, $5.6 billion for the European Space Agency and $ 2.5 billion for China. Unlike the Chinese programme which is completely focused on national pride and superpower dreams, India’s space programme is linked to broader national theme of national development.
Recommend

China bourses buck Asia downward trendStocks shrug off lingering growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd3c531e-4398-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/Y4jFBVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Post to Facebook
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uDiJ1P
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow off more than 100 again after airstrikes
David Carrig, USA TODAY 4:39 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Video Keywords average height Wall Street Journal FaceBook
Traders assess possible market effect as U.S. airstrikes in Syria target ISIS. Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Good morning it's Tuesday September 23 thoughts are lower at
00:03  the opening ballots trader at that US airstrike in the area
00:06  targeting I. The body began approximately 8:30 eastern last evening. The
00:11  American military along with Arab allied carried out the attack using
00:14  a -- warplanes dropping bombs remotely piloted aircraft and ships fired
00:20  cruise missiles. President Obama will be in New York today addressed
00:23  the UN general assembly. He will announce a new executive order
00:27  at the climate summit focusing on international development programs. They look
00:31  at unveiling a new average height and slap on the Wall
00:34  Street Journal is reporting the product is designed to help marketers
00:37  better target FaceBook users. And in a rare public -- Appleton
00:41  nine planes from techcrunch report. That the company will find --
00:45  shut down the apple quiet and -- the streaming service and
00:49  make it three billion dollars what apple and that it would
00:52  be at. Still unknown for the street I'm definitely have a
00:55  great trading day.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
42 CONNECT 71 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks fell Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Nearly half of the Dow's 117-point drop came in the last 20 minutes of trading, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq echoing that end-of-day plunge pattern.
Investors have turned cautious as concerns over global conflicts and economic growth are resurfacing.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped more than 100 points for a second second straight day, losing 0.7% to 17,055.87.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 0.6% to 1982.77 and the Nasdaq composite index fell 0.4% to 4508.69. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq logged a third straight day of losses.
Oil prices rose as the benchmark contract for October delivery was up 55 cents, or 0.8%,  to $91.42 a barrel.  The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.54% from 2.57% Monday.
U.S. and Arab allies launch airstrikes against ISIL in Syria
Share of Alibaba (BABA) dropped for a second straight day after Friday's blockbuster stock debut. Alibaba was down 3% to $87.20.
In Europe, stocks were hurt by a report that showed that the economy of the 18-country eurozone is failing to find any renewed momentum. Britain's FTSE tumbled 1.4% to 6676.08 and Germany's DAX index dropped 1.6% to 9595.03. France's CAC 40 plunged 1.8% to 4359.35.
In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone — a closely watched gauge of business activity — fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September.
Asian markets were mixed as China's Shanghai composite index jumped 0.9% to 2309.72 on better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index fell 0.7% to 16,205.90 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.5% to 23,837.07.
U.S. markets ended lower Monday as the Dow dropped 107.06 points, or 0.6% to 17,172.68. The S&P 500 fell 16.11 points, or 0.8%, to 1994.29. The Nasdaq plunged 52.10 points, or 1.1% to 4527.69.
America's Markets
Contributing: The Associated Press
In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron flies over the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria.
(Photo: AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens)
42 CONNECT 71 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uDiJ1P
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Delhi property market staring at a slump under new circle rates  say expertsDelhi property market staring at a slump under new circle rates, say experts
Express news service | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 09:32  IST
Sep 24 2014, 09:32  IST
 

6 years  2 rejections later  Indias largest hydro project clearedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tata Global Beverages appoints new CFOHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Global Beverages appoints new CFO
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Tata Global Beverages said K Venkataramanan, Chief Financial Officer, will be moving to its subsidiary, Tata Coffee, as Executive Director-Finance.
In a filing to the stock exchanges, Tata Global said that its board of directors has appointed John Jacob, Vice-President - Group Finance, as the Chief Financial Officer. The changes will be effective October 25.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sasken hits lower circuit as whole time director & CEO resignsSasken hits lower circuit as whole time director & CEO resigns
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:28 AM IST
Shares of Sasken Communication Technologies is frozen at lower circuit of 20% at Rs 253 on National Stock Exchange after the company said Mr. Anjan Lahiri, whole time director & chief executive officer (CEO) has resigned from the services of the company and consequently from the board of directors effective September 23, 2014.
Lahiri, was the head of MindTree‘s information technology business before joining Sasken in August 2013.
Sasken is an R&D technology solutions company offering wireless software products, solutions and services for consumer electronics and network engineering services.
The stock opened at Rs 316 and touched a high of Rs 322 on NSE. At 1020 hours, a combined 540,000 shares changed hands and there are pending sell orders for 234,000 shares on NSE and BSE.

History scripted as MOM enters Mars orbit in first attemptIndia has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also cheapest such mission till now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
At 7.17 AM, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic moment from ISRO's centre. "MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said annnouncing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of Indian Space Research Organisation.
After successful launch PM Modi said, "India has become the first country to enter Mars orbit on a maiden mission." "History has been created today with India reaching Mars. ISRO has joined an elite group of countries to reach Mars," he said. "It was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot."
"Our budget is even lesser than a Hollywood blockbuster. These will go down as landmarks in history," Modi added.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
With MOM successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter.
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
2014
Mars Orbiter Insertion was carried out automatically by commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft had entered the Martian neighbourhood on Monday. At the time of MOM's orbital insertion, its signals took about 12 minutes and 28 seconds to travel to Earth for reception by NASA's Deep Space Network Stations in Canberra and Goldstone that relayed the data in real time to ISRO's station here.
The first sign of success in the final moments came when ISRO announced that burn of engines on India's Mars orbiter had been confirmed. "All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed," said ISRO signalling that history was in the making.
Page 1 of 2

@MarsOrbiter: Twitter handle of ISRO s MOM greets NASA s @MarsCuriositySave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: With Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter .
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now. European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
Celebrations began at the command centre at Bangalore after delayed communication signals confirmed the spacecraft had entered Martian orbit.
Page 1 of 2

Expect dull trading on Nifty today: Religare08:00 am
Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities believes it will be a dull trade today with only 30-40 points swing around the 50-stock index ahead of the expiry tomorrow.
According to him, the Nifty is likely to test patience today and so, 7980-8000 might be a level one can buy the index.
“So, not more than 30-40 odd points swing in Nifty is what I am expecting for the day rather the Bank Nifty might give some short rolls. Therefore, the best strategy is to trade for 20 points, close to 8,000 on Nifty,” he adds.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: What is the strategy on the index today?
A: It’s expiry tomorrow and the Nifty roll is a good 48 percent. In terms of open interest we are close to 1 crore and the last time we started contract, it was close to 1.5. So today will be a dull day. It might test our patience. I am not expecting the Nifty to hover more than 30-40 points odd.
The best trading strategy we can do for the day; let’s say the 8,000 Put writing happened at Rs 20 odd yesterday as well, so 7,980-8000 might be a level one can buy Nifty. So, not more than 30-40 odd points swing in Nifty is what I am expecting for the day rather the Bank Nifty might give some short rolls. Therefore, the best strategy is to trade for 20 points, close to 8,000 on Nifty.
Q: What is your best guess about where the index might end this contract?
A: The most important part that we are seeing is that the Bank Nifty is lagging in rolls. It is almost at 30 percent wherein the Nifty is doing good 48 percent. Apart from the percentage – if one look into open interest then Bank Nifty has another 7 lakh odd to roll and we have two more days and the Nifty would be 56 lakh odd.
The previous low of 7,940, we might not go below 7,980 today but there is a possibility that tomorrow we might make a low closer to 7,960 odd but then the expiry will be closer to 8,000; 8,000 or 8,010 is what I am expecting.
However, tomorrow apart from the index there will be a lot of volume-weighted average price (VWAP) because this is consecutive eight odd sessions where we have seen the Nifty close on a positive month-to-month. So, this might be the first month.
The previous expiry was 7,950, so not more than 50-60 points odd. So, VWAP in terms of scrip would be a big thing to do tomorrow.
Q: On which stocks would you expect a lot of movement in the next 24 hours? Where should we watch out for in terms of trades?
A: We are looking into quant models where we are seeing the money come out. We all know that banks have good weightage in Nifty close to 26 percent odd and we are expecting at least 1.8 percent reduction in that.
I am expecting the money to come out of banks specifically the four big boys into the Nifty and it might get into cement or power sector.
I know that realty is one sector where we have seen – even yesterday the net money that has come into the Indian markets, the net delivery based selling which has come that is exceeded by 9 percent, usually realty has around 19 percent of the delivery of the entire F&O scrip and yesterday it was good 29 percent.
We are seeing money coming out of this sector as well as some in the banks and we are seeing this coming into the cement and the power sector.
However, as I have been saying that tomorrow the most important part is the data that we have today will be used for a VWAP trade but since it’s a trading session I would go with  CESC close to Rs 770, keep a stop loss at Rs 750 and expect Rs 20-25 positive gain on CESC.
Q: Do you also have a trading strategy on Reliance Infrastructure ?
A: We have seen cash-based selling which has come – that was not much in the first half and in second half ideally we have seen some buying coming. Therefore, Reliance Infra’s yesterday’s close was at Rs 636. I am expecting we get a bounce till Rs 640 that is the time to buy and get a good Rs 20-24 on that.
Participatory Notes (P-Notes) are the guys who have paid a lot in derivatives and weakening rupee always attracts more P-Note participation, which was close to 21 percent has come down to 18-90 percent odd.
Therefore, for the month of October we are not positive, we find that there might be some profit booking. We are expecting Nifty at 7,700 and Bank Nifty close to 15,300.
I would not trade beyond this expiry because we have five days off in first week of October and that is exactly why VIX is so low at 11-12 percent. Therefore, rather doing a bear spread and Put with 8,000 and 7,600 for October at Rs 55 is what I may do.
RELATED NEWS

Crude oil futures down at Rs 5 619 per barrelCrude oil futures down at Rs 5,619 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
Crude oil futures prices today eased 0.35 per cent to Rs 5,619 per barrel, as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak trend in the Asian trade.
Trading sentiment turned weak at the futures trade after oil prices fell in Asia following the return of disrupted Libyan production into an already well-stocked global market and as dealers await the latest US inventory report, analysts said.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in October shed Rs 20 or 0.35 per cent to Rs 5,619 per barrel in 706 lots.
Similarly, the oil for November delivery contracts moved down by Rs 16 or 0.28 per cent to Rs 5,617 per barrel in a volume of 21 lots.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil for November delivery was down one cent at $91.55, while Brent crude for November fell 32 cents $96.53 a barrel, in late-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Telangana Govt to revise holiday calendarTelangana Govt to revise holiday calendar
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 24:  
The Telangana Government has decided to revise the holiday calendar, giving more priority to festivals that are celebrated more in the new State.
It has increased the number of holidays for Dasara for schools from this year and reduced the number of holidays for Sankranti.
“Our festivals were not given importance in the undivided State. It is time we revisit the holiday schedule and give prominence to our very own,” Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao has said.
Addressing a meeting after releasing a Batukamma festival poster here on Tuesday, he asked the officials to shrink the Sankranti vacation to two days from over 7-10 days earlier.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Anjan Lahiri quits Sasken CommunicationAnjan Lahiri quits Sasken Communication
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Sasken Communication Technologies in an exchange filing said Anjan Lahiri, Whole-Time Director & CEO, has resigned from the services of the company and board of directors effective September 23.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Starbucks to buy out Japan unit for $914mSeptember 24, 2014 4:14 am
Starbucks to take control of Japan operations for $914m
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/977d7b28-4391-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Narendra Modis Navratri fast not an issue: WhiteHousePrint
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 24, 2014 11:41 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 11:45 am
In view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi observing ‘Navratri’ fast during his US visit, the White House on Wednesday said this is unlikely to be an issue as they respectfully accommodate the practices of visitors.
“We are aware of the Prime Minister’s plans to fast during his visit to Washington. As with all guests hosted by US Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors,” said Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council.
“The President looks forward to a successful bilateral visit with the Prime Minister, and we do not anticipate this being an issue in any way,” Hayden told PTI when asked about Modi’s Navaratri fast, during which he will be on a liquid diet and consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day.
The White House did not provide any further details, of what Modi would be served during the private working dinner hosted by US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29. However, the White House Historical Association, believes that the details of the dinner have already been worked out, which would be respectful of the religious practices and believes of the visiting leader.
“Since the early 1920s, the Office of Protocol at the State Department always meets with – as happened with the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister – the Head of State advance team several weeks in advance and goes over every detail of the visit, which includes any dietary concerns or restrictions,” Lara M Kline, spokesperson of the White House Historical Association, said.
“So the Indian advance team and the State Department Office of Protocol would have come to an understanding and an agreement related to his arrival and there is always the utmost concern, respect and consideration of the Head of State. I know, they would absolutely do everything he would be comfortable with, which the advance team shared,” Kline said.
The Obama’s White House – courtesy the First Lady – has its own bee hive and produces honey which is used by the First Family and the White House kitchen. The beehive is located on the South Lawn, and the foraging bees help pollinate the Kitchen Garden.
Charlie Brandt, a White House carpenter for more than two decades, who started beekeeping as a hobby, is the official beekeeper of the first ever beehive on White House grounds. Meanwhile, on Tuesday in New Delhi, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “It is normal diplomatic practice that when we discuss any engagement which may entail any meal or any other food… for the host to
request and for the guest, that is the Indian side, to indicate what are the dietary preferences.”
“And let me assure you that those dietary preferences have been indicated to the host (US) and they have taken note of it and have prepared everything accordingly,” he said.

Haemorrhaging talent  Infy s new CEO Sikka allows staff to use Twitter  FacebookInfosys' new CEO Vishal Sikka allows staff to use Twitter, Facebook to retain talent
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 11.26AM IST
To retain talent, Vishal Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Infosys Ltd's new CEO has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of country's trailblazing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of country's outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka , the company's first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
"These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent , Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to country's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a "quiet period" ahead of its interim earnings announcement on Oct. 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 per cent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 per cent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services Ltd and Wipro Ltd. A rate of 12-15 per cent is seen as normal in this industry.

Sasken Comm CEO Lahiri quits | Stock slumpsSasken Communication Technologies CEO Anjan Lahiri quits
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 11.17AM IST
Tags:
Anjan Lahiri
(With so many near-death…)
MUMBAI: Anjan Lahiri , CEO of Sasken Communication Technologies , has resigned from the company, just over a year after he took over the role to try and turn around the struggling mid-sized IT player .
Lahiri's resignation was effective Tuesday, Sasken said in a filing with the Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday morning.
With so many near-death experiences, as top customers went bankrupt, Sasken became inconsequential for analysts and the industry. Until recently, it also enjoyed almost 40% attrition rates.
However recently, the company won a close to $40 million arbitration award, which for a company with $80 million revenue, is quite a bounty. With the new money, Sasken founder has got a shot in the arm. The company now plans to use that money in developing new solutions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM hails success of Mars mission as historicPM hails success of Mars mission as ‘historic’
PTI
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is seen on a screen as he addresses scientists alongside a graphic of the Mars Orbiter Spacecraft (MoM), after the spacecraft successfully entered the Mars orbit, at the Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC), Peenya, in Bangalore on September 24, 2014. Photo: K. Murali Kumar. Arrival Date: 24/09/2014
Bangalore, Sept 24:  
Saluting India’s space scientists after its Mars mission created history, an elated Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the country has achieved the “near impossible” and prevailed though the “odds were stacked against us”.
Calling the “spectacular” success of the country’s space programme after today’s Mars feat as a shining example of what it was capable of as a nation, Modi said it has dared to reach out into the unknown and gone beyond boundaries of human enterprise and imagination.
“The odds were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded.
But we have prevailed!,” Modi said in his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission(MOM) ‘Mangalyaan’.
“Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” Modi, who wore a red-coloured jacket, told the scientists at the ISRO command centre here.
As the orbiter was placed in the orbit of the Red Planet, Modi patted the back of Indian Space Research Organisation Chairman K Radhakrishan after watching the critical final moments with space scientists.
“India has successfully reached Mars, congratulations to all of you, congratulations to countrymen. History has been created today. We have dared to reach out into the unknown.
“And have achieved the near impossible,” said Modi, as India became the first country to succeed in the mission to Mars in the very first attempt.
“Travelling a mind-boggling distance of more than 650 million, or 65 crore kilometres, we have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination. We have, accurately navigated our spacecraft, through a route known to very few,” he said, showering compliments on ISRO scientists.
Modi told the scientists that through their brilliance and hard work, “you have made it a habit of achieving the impossible”.
“No one represents this zeal for exploring the unknown more than our space scientists here at ISRO,” he said, adding, “These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history.”
India’s Mars orbiter, the Prime Minister noted, had been built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
He noted that the spacecraft had been put together in a record time with a mere three years of studying its feasibility, which was matter of pride for Indians.
“India is the only country to have succeeded in its very first attempt,” Modi stressed, adding that, with today’s spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached the red planet.
He said the success of India’s space programme is a shining symbol of “what we are capable of as a nation”.
“Let today’s success drive us with even greater vigour and conviction. Let’s set ourselves even more challenging goals – this too must become a base for challenging the next frontier,” he said.
Modi said Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s “vision had inspired us to reach for the moon. The successful Chandrayan mission in turn led to the Mars Orbiter Mission.”
The Prime Minister said, “We also have a great legacy and responsibility to live up to. Our ancestors had helped the world understand the mysteries of the heavens.
“Grasp the idea of Shunya or nothingness. Map spatial knowledge; such as the rotation of the Earth, motion of planets and occurrence of eclipses. Modern India must continue playing this leading role of ‘Jagad-guru Bharat’,” he said.
Modi said, “We have done so, from a distance so large; that it took even a command signal from Earth, more time to reach it, than it takes sunlight to reach us.”
Uncertainty, he said, is a part of the journey of every explorer who seeks to push boundaries and the hunger of exploration and the thrill of discovery are not for the faint-hearted.
With today’s spectacular success, ISRO joins an elite group, of only 3 other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached red planet: PM

Socrus Bio Sciences  board meeting on Sept 30  2014Sep 24, 2014, 11.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Socrus Bio Sciences' board meeting on Sept 30, 2014
Socrus Bio Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to consider the Scheme of Arrangement relating to Reduction of Capital under Section 100 of the Companies Act, 1956 (Section 66 of Companies Act, 2013) to the extent of 95% of its paid up capital.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Socrus Bio Sciences' board meeting on Sept 30, 2014
Socrus Bio Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to consider the Scheme of Arrangement relating to Reduction of Capital under Section 100 of the Companies Act, 1956 (Section 66 of Companies Act, 2013) to the extent of 95% of its paid up capital.
Post your opinion here
 
Socrus Bio Sciences Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to consider the Scheme of Arrangement relating to Reduction of Capital under Section 100 of the Companies Act, 1956 (Section 66 of Companies Act, 2013) to the extent of 95% of its paid up capital.Source : BSE

Thermax surges after JV firm bags Rs 3.39 bn orderThermax surges after JV firm bags Rs 3.39 bn order
Component suppliers to India s Mars mission in focusComponent suppliers to India s Mars mission in focus
Airstrikes against IS  not America s fight alone : ObamaAirstrikes against IS  not America s fight alone : Obama
ICICI Bank launches Smart Star accountICICI Bank launches Smart Star account
Chinese Yuan Rises To 9-day High Against U.S. DollarChinese Yuan Rises To 9-day High Against U.S. Dollar
US crude oil futures snap four days losing streakUS crude oil futures snap four days losing streak
Now  slurp some  Guinness-flavored coffee  at StarbucksNow  slurp some  Guinness-flavored coffee  at Starbucks
More than two losers for every gainer on BSEMore than two losers for every gainer on BSE
Lancor Holdings to hold board meetingLancor Holdings to hold board meeting
Sasken Communication skids 20% post CEO Anjan Lahiri exitSasken Communication skids 20% post CEO Anjan Lahiri exit
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook  Twitter at work but get the job doneInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook, Twitter at work but get job done
Reuters | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
 

Students take pro-democracy protest to Hong Kong chief executiveE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PSBs need $37 b in fresh capital to meet Basel III norms: Moodys"Public sector banks in India will need to raise up to $37 billion over the next 4-5 years to meet Basel III compliance norms"
TOPICS
banking
Public sector banks (PSBs) in India will need to raise up to $37 billion over the next 4-5 years to meet Basel III compliance norms, credit rating agency Moody’s said on Monday.
The estimate is based on assumptions that there would be a moderate recovery in the economy and a gradual decline in the non-performing loans from the current levels.
“Our rated public sector banks in the country will need to raise Rs.1.5-2.2 lakh crore, ($26-37 billion) between 2014-15 and the full implementation of Basel III in 2018-19,” Moody’s said in a report titled, ‘Indian banks could need $26-37 billion in external capital for Basel III compliance’.
A significant part of the required capital — Rs.80,000-90,000 crore ($13-15 billion) — could be in the form of Additional Tier I (AT1) capital.
The rating agency rates 11 public sector banks in the country, representing 62 per cent of net loans in the banking system. Basel III raises the minimum required levels for both total Tier I capital to 7 per cent and common equity Tier I (CETI) capital to 5.5 per cent. They will also need to meet a capital conservation buffer in order to pay dividends. “Public sector banks barely meet current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate that they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment,” Moody’s Vice President Gene Fang said.
According to Moody’s, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public sector banks.
Mr. Fang said weak asset quality had depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
“With Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s administration looking to reduce the budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow,” he added.
Moody’s said banks might tap the equity markets to raise capital, but with still-low bank valuations, banks could struggle to raise the required amount.

Gujaratis sniff biz  flock to learn Chinese after Xi visitGujaratis sniff biz, flock to learn Chinese after Xi visit
PTI  Ahmedabad, September 22, 2014
First Published: 23:54 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:56 IST(22/9/2014)
Comments
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit has put the spotlight on Gujarat and Gujaratis are thronging Chinese teaching institutes to explore business opportunities with the neighbouring country.
According to city-based teachers and students, more and more people, from businessmen, medical students to interior designers, are now looking to learn Chinese following Xi’s visit.
“There is an increasing trend among Gujaratis to learn Chinese. The trend emerged rapidly during the past two years after China and Gujarat began new business relations due to initiatives by former chief minister and current Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Lavanya Trivedi, a city-based teacher of Chinese language.
“There are more than 60 students who are learning Mandarin in various city-based institutes.” Since Chinese interior designers are in demand in Gujarat, it could be the reason behind interior designers from the state dealing with China, she added.
Another professional from Gujarat, Dharmesh Bhan, had a similar reason for learning Chinese as he deals with exports to China’s textile sector.
“There was a need to learn Chinese language Mandarin. I am an export manager and often visit China for business purpose as our firm exports textile blankets made of rubber to China, which has the biggest textile market in the world,” Bhan, who has been learning Mandarin in Ahmedabad’s Gujarat Vidyapith, said.
Asked if  Gujarati students faced difficulties in learning Chinese, Trivedi said sentence construction patterns of the two languages are similar.

Dealing with devolutionUpdated: September 23, 2014 01:34 IST
Dealing with devolution
India-Sri Lanka
After the defeat of the LTTE and the economic activism of China, the geostrategic reality has altered significantly in Colombo’s favour. With no usable leverages, India may have to live with 13A minus police powers, provided the devolved powers are actually implemented on the ground
In his interview with The Hindu (Sept. 11) , Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has agreed to discuss the 13th Amendment (13A) with the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which is ruling the Northern Province. He has also spoken about the issues of fishermen and alleged fears about China, making the assertion “India has nothing to worry about from China in Sri Lanka. Until I am here, I can promise that.” It is understood that for the first time, Mr. Rajapaksa told an Indian Prime Minister — in this case, Mr. Narendra Modi — during his recent meeting in New Delhi that police powers will not be devolved to the Northern Provincial Council (NPC), clearly rescinding from 13A plus. In spite of this, he has held that India-Sri Lanka relations are “very strong.”
Insurgency fears
This sentiment was endorsed by the chairman of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Committee for Strategic Action, Dr. Subramanian Swamy, at an international seminar in Colombo last month. He elaborated: “This is not the old government ... with Prime Minister Narendra Modi it is a new beginning in India-Sri Lanka relations.” An air of optimism and expectancy was palpable following Mr. Modi’s invite to President Rajapaksa to his inaugural, India’s abstention at the Geneva Human Rights Council after two consecutive votes against Sri Lanka and the massive electoral mandate in favour of Mr. Modi which frees it from deference to Tamil Nadu. Colombo’s biggest but latent insecurity emanates from the 65 million Tamils, a mere 19 kilometres across the Palk Strait. Sri Lankans keep an inventory of Tamils worldwide. Dr. Swamy, who is the darling of policy-crafters and the military in Colombo, is a frequently heard and quoted voice touching the right chords, like making light of Tamil Nadu’s politicians, stressing the centrality of national interest over narrow provincial political pressures. He suggested that the Indian policy of non-interference makes devolution Colombo’s business, with police powers being devolved over time.
No one can cavil at Dr. Swamy’s foreign policy formulation except over its nuanced variation from the government of India’s latest diplomatese: India was committed to engaging Sri Lanka in full implementation and going beyond 13A Plus as promised by Mr. Rajapaksa earlier (several times over). During his brief visit to New Delhi, Mr. Rajapaksa was told by Mr. Modi to implement 13A in full, as pledged, but firmly expressed difficulty in devolving police powers. To reiterate the point, several Sri Lankan Cabinet ministers and leaders — this includes Foreign Minister G.L. Peiris in Parliament and at the Colombo defence seminar, Economic Development Minister Basil Rajapaksa to the media, and the President himself to foreign correspondents in Colombo — have reiterated that police powers will not be delegated. The Tamil Central Minister from Jaffna, Douglas Devananda, whom the LTTE tried to take out 13 times, has played an old tune, one composed by Mr. Rajapaksa, that a political solution to the minority question has to be found from within, expressly rejecting 13A.
The rationale for rejecting police powers ostensibly is the fear of a resurgence of the LTTE and the rise of Islamic terrorism. While many counter-insurgency experts, including Ms. Sara De Silva of Kotelawala Defence University and Mr. Devananda have ruled out the revival of insurgency, a shoot-out in the Vavuniya jungles in April this year between three LTTE cadres and security forces suggests that some sleeper cells may be surfacing. The Sri Lankan Army is ambivalent about the revival of the LTTE. “Some Muslim groups,” according to the country’s second most powerful leader after the President, Defence Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa, “have begun to engage in activities that go far beyond self-protection and are linked to global terrorist organisations.” The recent Buddhist-Muslim riots in Colombo have alienated large sections of Sri Lankan Muslims that could lead to their further radicalisation.
Hands off or intrusive?
Sri Lankans want to know this: will India leave Sri Lanka alone on the implementation of 13A, as Dr. Swamy and others have advocated, or will its “engagement” be intrusive? After the comprehensive defeat of the LTTE, enabled by India’s help and strategic non-interference — a fact admitted by Mr. Rajapaksa in the interview — and the economic and trade activism of China, the geostrategic reality has altered significantly in Colombo’s favour. So is the Modi government prepared to let go the sacrifices of the Indian Peace Keeping Force and commitments made to the Tamils on genuine power sharing?
With no usable leverages, India may have to live with 13A minus police powers, provided the devolved powers are actually implemented on the ground. According to several Sri Lankans I met in Colombo in August, the problem is that the Northern Province Chief Minister C.V. Wigneshwaran’s authority is circumscribed by the military governor, (retd.) Major General Chandrasiri, and he has very few devolved powers that are implementable. Mr. Peiris and other Ministers have been saying that “the Chief Minister should stop whining and asking for more powers and instead get on with exercising the authority vested in him.” A senior government of India official pointed out that no one in authority is telling Colombo that the 13th Amendment has not been implemented in letter and spirit, instead of being distracted by the non-delegation of police powers.
While Sri Lanka’s intention over the future of 13A is clear — status quo till the next presidential election in 2016 or earlier — India’s options are both unclear and limited. It can either to go along with Colombo’s go-slow on actual implementation and further devolution, or keep pressing Colombo to removing impediments in the active functioning of the NPC. Mr. Rajapaksa had promised Mr. Wigneshwaran (and according to reports, the Japanese Ambassador in Colombo) that the military governor would be replaced by a civilian when his term expired, but he was reappointed for another term. Chief Secretary Wijeyaluckshmi Ramesh has a conflictual relationship with her Chief Minister and is in court over her transfer.
Fishermen’s issue
The highly emotive and politicised fishermen’s issue is a big distraction for the Indian High Commission in Colombo. Rather than be engaged in promoting strategic issues, officials are preoccupied in pleading for the release of Tamil Nadu fishermen, which is construed by Colombo as doing India a favour. New Delhi has to tell Chennai to prevent its fishermen from crossing the maritime boundary. A Jaffna Tamil told me this: “As there are no fish left on our side, please impose a three-year moratorium till we repopulate the area, and then allot fishing permits but ban the use of trawlers.”
Colombo is probably testing New Delhi’s tolerance threshold on devolution and strategic access to China currently defined in commercial terms. A recent contract to a PLA-run Chinese company for the construction of an ammunition storage dump in Trincomalee had to be rescinded when India flagged it as a violation of the Indo-Sri Lanka Accord. Mr. Peiris used to keep reminding his countrymen on the activities of foreign entities in Sri Lanka in the late 1980s that led to Indian intervention. The elimination of the LTTE has erased those memories. In Mr. Modi’s embrace of the neighbourhood, a rising Sri Lanka will prove a tough nut to crack. But Colombo knows its red lines.
(Gen. Ashok K. Mehta was GOC South, IPKF, and follows events in Sri Lanka closely.)

New Home Ministry directive to states on modernisation of policeministry of home affairs
(Ministry of Home Affairs…)
NEW DELHI: The home ministry has directed state governments not to spend funds allocated under the Modernisation of Police Forces Scheme for buying mobile phones for senior police officers or on construction of houses and offices for them. The Centre had doubled allocation under the scheme toRs 3,000 crore in the Union Budget for 2014-15.
In a letter to all states sent earlier this month, the home ministry has stipulated a new set of instructions for claiming funds from the Centre under the scheme. The letter specifies that items like mobile phones, still and video cameras, and office automation devices like desktops and laptops should not be funded from the scheme.
The ministry has also said that MPF funds should not be spent on construction of offices or residences for senior officers or on purchase of "ready-built flats or buildings" for any level of officers. The directive follows reports that some states have been diverting MPF funds, which are meant for upgrading the counter-terror infrastructure of police forces, for projects like renovating offices and houses of senior officers of their police force.
A home ministry official said MPF funds must be spent only on core policing functions like procuring weapons, vehicles for operations, construction of police stations and police training institutes and housing facilities for junior police officers from the level of constable to inspector. NearlyRs 392 crore worth of MPF funds remained unspent as on August 14, 2014, the home ministry's letter said. "A firm utilisation plan should be an integral part of the MPF plan," it said, in light of the increased allocation for the scheme in this year's budget.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC order to cite reasons for seeking info irks RTI activistsHigh Court order to cite reasons for seeking information irks RTI activists
Gangadhar S Patil, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 03.55AM IST
Tags:
activists
(A Madras high court ruling…)
NEW DELHI: A Madras high court ruling last week saying a Right to Information (RTI) applicant must cite reasons for seeking information has been denounced by activists who said the law has no such requirement and that the order can be misused by public authorities to turn down requests.
The court last Wednesday ruled that any person who seeks information under the RTI Act must show it is either for his "personal interest or for a public interest." "If such details are either absent or not disclosed, such query cannot be construed as the one satisfying the requirement of the RTI Act," according to the order.
It further said "right" under the RTI Act is not defined and therefore it must be coupled with an object and purpose. "Such object and purpose must, undoubtedly, have a legal basis or be legally sustainable and enforceable," the court said. Going by the order, a public information officer (PIO) can ask an applicant to provide reasons, failing which an application could be rejected, RTI experts said.
"The ruling would definitely weaken the transparency law as it could be misused by the PIOs. The CIC (Central Information Commission) must approach the Supreme Court to review the verdict," said noted RTI activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal. He said the court failed to take into consideration Section 6 (2) of the RTI Act, which says that "an applicant making request for information shall not be required to give any reason for requesting the information."
PIOs have quoted various high court judgments in the past to reject or delay information requests and this ruling could also be used for it, said CJ Karira, a Hyderabad-based RTI expert. "If that happens, we can expect a huge number of applicants approaching CIC against the decisions of PIO as the court has not defined the term 'personal and public interest,'" he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress prepared to fight Maharashtra polls alonealliance
(Maharashtra Poll: Congress…)
NEW DELHI: Unlike in the past, the Congress leadership is not making frantic efforts to save its Maharashtra alliance with the Sharad Pawar-led NCP. The Congress assessment shows the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance may have run its course and another joint electoral outing may not fetch over 70 seats in view of the accumulated incumbency burden.
Further, as the Congress thinks Pawar's final decision on the alliance will mainly be dictated by the future of the BJP-Sena front, the AICC, too, has decided to wait for events in the saffron camp to play out first, leaving CM Prithviraj Chavan and PCC chief Manikrao Thackeray to keep the formalities of "keeping NCP leaders engaged" in Mumbai "We are optimistic of our alliance (with NCP) continuing.
At the same time, we are also fully prepared to fighting on our own," said AICC spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi at a press conference. The AICC screening committee and the party's central election committee held meetings on Monday where the prons and cons of contesting with and without an alliance with NCP were discussed and an outline of two candidates lists for respective scenarios were also discussed. "Only a last-minute BJP-Sena patch-up will close NCP options, prompting them to start negotiations with us," said a senior Congress leader.
The AICC's decision not to yield to the NCP demand for 144 seats is mainly for two reason: The Congress thinks if NCP mangers to increase its MLA tally, it could only bolster its potential for post-poll bargaining with the BJP. Secondly, with Congress-NCP alliance projected to lose, the Congress thinks the NCP is keen to establish postpoll arrangement with the BJP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Parties under aegis of Sena-BJP to decide who to align withYou are here: Home > Collections > Uddhav
Maharashtra Poll: Smaller parties under aegis of Sena-BJP to decide who to align with
AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 05.32AM IST
(With uncertaincies between…)
MUMBAI: With uncertaincies about a pre-poll alliance between the Shiv Sena and BJP persisting, smaller parties of the Shiv Sena-BJP grand alliance are planning to form a bloc for bargaining with the saffron parties independently, in case the two plan to go separate ways, for deciding who to align with.
"If the BJP and Shiv Sena decide to fight independently, we will negotiate together as a bloc of four parties with the two parties separately. So, it will still remain a 'mahayuti' but only with one large party opting out," Raju Shetty of the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna told ET in an interview. Mahadev Jankar of the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha has also indicated the same while speaking with reporters over the past two days.
Shetty and Jankar's comments follow a meeting of all the smaller parties with Uddhav late Sunday in which the latter asked the parties who they will support in case the alliance broke up. Of the total 288 seats, 18 are expected to be left for the smaller parties. Speaking with ET about the meeting with Uddhav, Shetty confirmed that the question did come up.
"We have sought time from him to make up our mind. The present crisis is avoidable and both the Sena and BJP are to be blamed for this. We feel that Narendra Modi should himself intervene and get this resolved. Initially, the two parties tried to put the blame on us (smaller parties) for their inability to make a decision about seat sharing. But, when I offered the two parties some seats from our share, it became obvious that they could not make up their minds about it. If the situation arises, from the two, we will support whichever party that supports our policy agenda," he said.
Also, shetty expressed optimism that despite Republican Party's Ramdas Athavale making contradictory statements, the latter will stick with the pressure group of smaller parties. While he refused to confirm or deny this, Shetty and other smaller parties believe Sena is the one which should share larger part of the blame. "Uddhav is bickering over 10 seats for the BJP.
This is immature politics and avoidable clash of egos, which has brought the alliance to the brink," a Shetty confidant said. Even if the smaller parties see Sena as the one creating uncertainties, those like Shetty are not entirely trustful of the BJP, either. Recently, the farmers' leader has blamed Sharad Pawar for provoking, if not orchestrating, the BJP to drag on the ongoing spat between the saffron parties.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Toyota plans to develop mid-size sedan for IndiaSave precious time tracking your investments
Toyota Motor is developing a mid-size sedan for the Indian market where it will likely take on rival Honda Cars India's City, the top-selling car in the segment.
The development work has already begun and the car is expected to hit the market at the end of 2016, three people with knowledge of the company's plans said. It will be based on the Etios platform and is internally code-named Etios C or Etios Core, they said.
The car will be positioned between Toyota's existing entry-level sedan Etios and the globally popular Corolla Altis. The decision was made after conducting several feasibility studies over the past few years, these people said.
A spokeswoman at Toyota Kirloskar, the local joint venture of the Japanese major, said the company "would like to refrain from commenting on any future products or plans".
Toyota, the No. 1 auto-maker globally, hasn't had a good run in the sedan segment in India, though the Corolla has been a reasonable success. The Etios that it developed targeting India's price-conscious consumers didn't find many buyers.
The hatchback version of the vehicle, the Liva, too hasn't posed any threat to rival models from Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motor . However, in the utility vehicle space, Toyota is the leader with the Innova, and its Fortuner sport-utility vehicle too, has been a runaway success.
The mid-size market comprises cars priced between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 13 lakh. The local unit of Toyota has never been to this market where volume has shrunk a bit but is still big — mid-size sedan totaled 1.55 lakh in the fiscal year through March 2014.
The recently introduced Ciaz is Maruti's renewed attempt to capture the market, where Hyundai's Verna is the No. 2.
One of the people cited above said Toyota is working on a potential annual volume of 40,000-50,000 units.
"This product will be a significant offering from Toyota since its launch of the Etios and Liva did not deliver the desired volumes. The company is hopeful that the incremental volumes of the new sedan will help it utilise the second factory better," this person said.
The mid-size segment has seen intense action from all players off late in terms of new generation products and facelifts. The segment has shrunk a bit - sales now total to 1.55 lakh units a year - in part due to a shift in consumer preference to compact SUVs like Renault Duster, Ford EcoSport, Nissan Terrano and Mahindra XUV 500.
But industry experts see a turnaround in the segment, as the overall auto market has started picking up. Buyers are also returning to petrol-driven models as diesel - the fuel that powers most of these compact SUVs - becomes expensive with the government phasing out subsidy.
The new Honda City has a waiting period running into four-five months. It is the fourth generation of the model.
Led by the fluidic new Verna, Hyundai had captured the segment leadership in fiscal 2013 and 2014 with annual sales of 58,000 units and 45,700, respectively. Honda reclaimed the No. 1 position this fiscal year.
Toyota is very strong in this segment in Southeast Asia with its Vios, though it never had a suitable option for India.
The new mid-size sedan if done well can deliver 50-60% of the company's current overall volume, said Deepesh Rathore, founder and director of automotive consultancy Emerging Markets Automotive Advisors.
Given the low volumes of the Etios and Liva, Rathore said, it is very important for Toyota to enter the mid-size segment to bring in the incremental sales.
"Toyota faces no problems in selling premium products like the Corolla, Innova or Fortuner in the Indian market. This indicates that customers still value the brand for what it stands for," he added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Maruti Suzuki aims to make hybrid cars affordableMaruti Suzuki aims to make hybrids affordable, offer technology on cars from Alto to Swift hatchback
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 22 Sep, 2014, 09.42AM IST
READ MORE ON » National Council for Electric Mobility | Maruti Suzuki | Mahindra | Japan | hybrid vehicles
Maruti is aiming to make hybrids affordable and wants to offer the technology on cars right from the Alto, the cheapest in its product portfolio, to the Swift premium hatchback over the next three to four years, said people with knowledge of the carmaker’s plans.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Maruti Suzuki is working on a low-cost hybrid technology to make its cheap-to-own cars even more frugal.
Maruti is aiming to make hybrids affordable and wants to offer the technology on cars right from the Alto, the cheapest in its product portfolio, to the Swift premium hatchback over the next three to four years, said people with knowledge of the carmaker's plans. In the process, it is taking the 'Kitna Deti Hai' (how many miles does it give) slogan to the next level. These people said Maruti's hybrid solution could deliver 20-30% more fuel economy.
"It is no more a concept. The real work is under way and the hybrid technology development is at an advanced stage," said one of the people. "A large part of the development is happening in Japan and key inputs from Indian R&D engineers are also being absorbed. The idea is to offer a technology to the mass with not a major price difference over existing petrol cars."
Hybrid vehicles usually have a non-conventional propulsion system, such as an electric motor, in addition to the engine that runs on conventional fuel. They also often include mechanisms to capture energy, such as while braking, to recharge the battery. While hybrid vehicles offer better fuel efficiency and are more environment friendly, heftier price compared with those running on conventional fuels has been the biggest hurdle for their wider adoption globally.
Maruti chairman RC Bhargava told ET in a recent interaction that Suzuki, the Japanese parent of India's No. 1 car maker by sales, has already started working on the hybrids. Maruti has communicated the need for a suitable hybrid car for India as well, he said. "We need a hybrid system suitable for small cars which is low cost. The systems available today are expensive. I do think the development of low-cost hybrid is necessary, quite like the AMT we came out with," Bhargava said.
Maruti was the first to introduce an AMT, or automated manual transmission, version in India with its Celerio. This clutch-less technology, which combines the fuel efficiency of manual transmission with the convenience of automatic cars without any major spike in the price of the hatchback, has been a major attraction for buyers.
"Nobody else does the AMT at that scale, but the Indian customers require that AMT in small cars. People can't afford to get an automatic at Rs 1 lakh premium," Bhargava said. "And, we need the same thing in hybrids."
Experts say if Maruti cracks the hybrid formula, it will be able to take the fuel efficiency of petrol cars beyond 25 kilometres per litre. By offering AMT at an affordable price, Maruti has already turbocharged the adoption of clutch-less cars in India, they say. One of the biggest advantages for Maruti is the sales volume it generates, which allows it to spread cost wide and keep prices low.
"The success of hybrid depends on affordability as the Indian consumer is highly value and cost-conscious," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at IHS Automotive. "Maruti can penetrate the cost levels in India given the volume of its products."
Maruti is not the only car manufacturer in India trying to adopt the technology. The country's largest utility vehicle maker, Mahindra & Mahindra, is working on a hybrid version of the XUV 500, which will be the world's first diesel hybrid with a manual transmission. The project is codenamed W202 and the technology is expected to be ready for rollout in two years. Mahindra also makes electric cars through its Mahindra Reva unit, but such vehicles haven't seen much traction in India.
According to Maruti's Bhargava, pure electric cars may not sell in large volumes in India and, hence, his company won't commit significant investment to electric vehicles.
While Maruti's parent Suzuki has already developed a hybrid version of the Swift hatchback, it is not based on the low-cost solution that is under works and may take at least another couple of years to be ready.
Meanwhile, the central government, too, may chip in by offering subsidy support to hybrid vehicles under the National Mission for Electric Mobility. The mission document was approved by the National Council for Electric Mobility in 2012 and the industry is waiting for the new government to roll out the policy.
The mission statement sets the vision, lays the targets and provides the joint government-industry vision for realising the potential that exists for a full range of efficient and environmentally friendly electric vehicle (including hybrids) technologies by 2020. According to the projection, a saving of minimum 0.4 million tonnes of liquid fuel is expected with sales of 1.4-million units of electric and hybrid fourwheelers in 2020.
The huge import bill on crude oil is always a worry for India and to limit it, the automotive industry needs to start looking for viable alternatives, Vangaal said. On the government policy, he said its implementation remains a tough challenge. Government incentives at all levels from supply side to demand side and infrastructure to R&D will play a significant role in shaping the HEV (hybrid & electric vehicles) market in India, he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Valuations of auto stocks yet to peak  say expertsAshok Leyland
(Given that demand in the…)
ET INTELLIGENCE GROUP: The Eicher Motors stock is trading at 29 times one-year forward earnings, TVS Motors is valued at 20 times earnings next year, while Ashok Leyland is 20 times its price-earnings (P/E).
Though such high valuations of auto stocks usually call for caution among retail investors considering any fresh exposure, analysts are not ringing any alarm bells. On the contrary, they believe valuations haven't peaked yet and will remain high due to a revival in demand.
Auto analysts are shifting to the price-earnings growth (PEG) method from the conventional P/E valuation method.
PEG is a relative valuation calculated by dividing the P/E ratio by expected growth. A lower PEG means the stock is undervalued and a reading above one indicates it is overvalued.
"While valuations of all stocks look rich on a P/E basis versus their historical averages, the PEG of Maruti and M&M looks a lot more reasonable than Hero and Bajaj," CLSA said in a recent note. "We expect valuation multiples to stay elevated as a steadily improving demand environment should drive more upgrades even from here and don't believe stocks have peaked yet. We remain positive on the sector; Maruti, M&M and Tata are top picks."
Maruti Suzuki and M&M are trading at valuations of 18.4 times and 13.1 times their earnings next year, less than the top end of their historical trading range. But on a PEG basis, both stocks are trading at 0.7 times their earnings expected over the next financial year, which seems quite reasonable.
One reason for the high P/E is that analysts are factoring in more earnings upgrades. They expect it to continue with demand improving.
Given that demand in the auto sector had been subdued in the past three years, analysts prefer to jack up P/Es rather than earnings growth.
The other reason for the valuation surge is that companies such Eicher Motors and TVS Motors have consistently outperformed the industry in terms of sales growth.
For TVS Motors, the successful response from customers to its Jupiter scooter along with Star City and Apache motorcycles has revved up volumes growth and the company has its eyes set on margin expansion.
Eicher Motors is one of the few companies in the sector that has a waiting period ranging between four and 12 months.
After the stock appreciated by about 165% since the beginning of the year, brokerage IIFL recently recommended that investors buy Eicher Motors shares , setting a target price of Rs 15,000.
Some analysts prefer to remain cautious on auto stocks. "We have significant confidence regarding the improving fundamentals of auto companies, but sharp appreciation in stocks shows that euphoria is gradually creeping into the valuation of auto companies. This is turning into a situation where we see companies with sound fundamentals, but bereft of the valuation comfort," said a fund manager with a domestic propriety desk who didn't want to be identified.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena may give in to BJP s demand for 130 seatsAmit Shah
(Modi had been keen to keep…)
NEW DELHI: With Shiv Sena likely to blink first, the Sena-BJP alliance for Maharashtra assembly polls is set to go ahead, reported Times Now. According to Times Now, Shiva Sena has agreed to BJP's demand of 130 seats.
As per the new proposal of the Uddhav Thackeray-led party, it has agreed to give up to 130 seats to BJP, with 151 seats for Shiv Sena and 7 for smaller parties. Times Now also reported that senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj had been roped in for negotiations with the Shiv Sena.
Both BJP President Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had been keen to keep the alliance with Shiv Sena intact. Amit Shah had on Monday called on Uddhav Thackeray , urging him not to break the 25-year old alliance.
From Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari to State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis , many are not in favour of an alliance with the Shiv Sena if the latter insists on more seats.
On September 15, Uddhav had said that the Sena would not contest anything less than 150 seats. While he did not say anything about BJP's share, he was leaving aside 130 seats. However, in a proposal given to the BJP a few days ago, the Sena had made its position tougher by insisting on 155 seats, while it agreed to give only 126 seats to the BJP, reducing the national ruling party's tally much lesser because it has to accommodate its allies from within these 126 seats.
In August, the BJP gave the Sena a proposal- allocate 20 seats from your quota to the allies and then hand over 16 seats to us' that would have meant the BJP contesting 135 seats. But after the by poll results the BJP softened its position. It then began asking Sena for 130 seats.
(With inputs from ET Bureau)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi magic needed to salvage Sena- BJP alliancealliance
(Shiv Sena- BJP alliance…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena- BJP alliance is all but over, unless PM Narendra Modi and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray pull it back from the brink. While on Monday Shiv Sena put up posters in the city against BJP president Amit Shah, asking who after Adil Shah and Kutub Shah this new Shah (or ruler) is, BJP is playing the waiting game.
The BJP leadership cannot agree to Sena's "final offer" of just 119 seats, but it does not want to be seen as the partner that broke off a 25-year-long alliance of two ideologically compatible parties. So, BJP has decided not to precipitate the crisis in the Maharashtra alliance further. Instead, it will let Sena break the alliance, if it remains adamant and does not let BJP contest 130 seats.
BJP leaders Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Piyush Goyal and Om Mathur went into a huddle on Monday evening to evolve a strategy to break the deadlock. "We will go ahead with the negotiations till the very last. We don't want people to think that we have made up our minds and that we don't want an alliance to happen. We are still open to it if we are able to get 130 seats to contest," said a national functionary of BJP.
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's statements on Sunday about his father Bal Thackeray saving Modi's job in 2002 and of the lost bonhomie between the leaders of both the allies have only driven the two parties farther apart. State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis while participating in a Marathi TV programme said that the "Sena doesn't seem to want to break the deadlock on seat sharing."
BJP state unit leaders believe that Sena is willing to go to any extent to stop BJP from growing. "It seems we should not become a bigger party in Maharashtra and to prevent it they are even willing to ensure that the Congress-NCP alliance comes back to power," said the BJP state unit leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5 killed in suicide blast attack in PakistanPress Trust of India | Peshawar | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:26 pm
At least five people, including a child, were killed and 29 others injured today in a powerful car bomb suicide attack by the Taliban targeting a senior military officer in this restive northwestern Pakistani city.
A senior police official said the target of the bombing appeared to be Brigadier Khalid Javed, the second most senior officer in the Frontier Corps force, who escaped unhurt.
City police chief Ijaz Khan who visited the spot of the bombing said “five people including an FC solider were killed.
A woman and a child were also among those killed.”
29 people were also injured in the suicide blast attack.
Khan said the bomb was planted in another car which was parked on the road. Gunfire was also reported from the area after the blast and windows of nearby buildings and cars were shattered.
Bomb disposal squad official Shafqat Malik said 45 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast. He said mortar shells were also put in with the explosives to increase the impact of the blast. Television footage showed the wreckage of the car used for the suicide bombing. An emergency was declared at Lady Reading hospital here.
Security forces reached the spot soon after the incident, cordoned off the area and started their initial investigation.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor Sardar Mehtab Ahmed Khan strongly condemned attack.
President of Awami National Party Asfandyar Wali Khan also condemned the blast.
The Pakistani Taliban faction led by Maulanah Fazlullah claimed responsibility for the attack, vowing revenge against the ruling Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) for a military operation in the northwest.
More than 1,000 militants have been killed in the operation.
Meanwhile, at least 42 militants were killed when Pakistani military jets pounded militant hideouts in the restive North Waziristan province, the army said today.
Military jets targeted militant hideouts in Dandi Kachkol, Gurbaz and Mana areas of North Waziristan and killed 19 militants, the army said in a statement.
Another 23 militants were killed yesterday in air-strikes by the Pakistani army, the statement added.

Foreign funds may buy 30% in Aditya Birla RetailOverseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mn stake in Aditya Birla Retail
Indulal PM     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 20:49 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corporation (IFC) are in advanced talks to buy a 30 per cent stake in the retail arm of Aditya Birla Group for about $400-500 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity firms are looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail, which includes apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
"The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap," said one of the sources.
Temasek and Aditya Birla Group declined to comment. L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and World Bank unit IFC were not immediately available for comment.
(Reuters)

New industrial policy to benefit TelanganaE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 13:05 IST
K. Pradeep Chandra, Special Chief Secretary, Industries and Commerce Department, Telangana (Photo: A Prabhakar Rao)
The Telangana government is confident that its industrial policy, awaiting cabinet approval, will help spread industrialisation across the 10 districts of the new state, a top official says.
"We have identified 10 to 12 core sectors which will include some of the obvious ones like pharmaceutical, aerospace and food processing. The idea is to have two large industrial parks for each sector over a period of time," says K. Pradeep Chandra, Special Chief Secretary, Industries and Commerce Department, Telangana. "Think of this as 20 industrial parks spread over the nine districts of Telangana (excluding Hyderabad - the tenth and the capital). Each district will get two to three parks and this way industrialisation will be spread across the state," he added.
Chandra was earlier the principal secretary handling industrial promotion for united Andhra Pradesh. There are big names coming to Telangana as was the case with an undivided Andhra Pradesh earlier, according to Chandra. "Back then, we got in the Sri City project, Pepsi to Andhra Pradesh. Now we have Coke planning to invest Rs 1,000 crore in Telangana. The process is on to identify land for this project. Similarly, while Cadbury went to Andhra Pradesh then, we now have ITC planning to invest in food processing and cookie-making in Telangana. Like Isuzu Motors went to Andhra Pradesh earlier, we are now talking to Mahindras to expand and establish their new tractor facility here."
The Tata group plans to manufacture Dornier aircraft, in association with RUAG Aviation, in the state. "While Tata Advanced Systems with RUAG Aviation planned to manufacture the Dornier 228 fuselage and wing in Hyderabad, it is now likely that they may make the entire Dornier aircraft here," says Chandra.
The landscape has changed for industry in Telangana, asserts Chandra. "The statements made by Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao that industry would get top priority is making a huge difference. He has also assured availability of land and water. Though power supply is an immediate problem, we hope to overcome it in a year or so," he says.
The Telangana government has begun a survey to identify land that can be offered to new industries in the state, says Chandra. "A process is on to identify, district-wise, land that is suitable for industrialisation and the initial survey report is very good. Hopefully by the end of this year the entire survey will be done and around 200,000 acres could become available for industrialisation."
Chandra says the state government is also considering specific projects such as setting up a pharmaceutical city near Hyderabad and a cotton hub in Warangal district, the largest producer of long-staple cotton.

A ruler who shuns outdated lawsUpdated: September 23, 2014 21:16 IST
A ruler who shuns outdated laws
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the felicitation function by state BJP unit at HAL Airport in Bangalore on Tuesday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
TOPICS
government
Declaring that his government has decided to clear “the jungle of laws”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said antiquated laws would be done away with to impart direction and speed to administration.
“In our country....there are many laws which have been made, which don’t have any relevance today. They are of no use. If government has to work fast, if government has to work on the straight path the jungle of laws that has been created has to be cleaned up. I want to end all these laws,” he said.
Addressing BJP workers at the HAL airport on his visit to Karnataka, Mr. Modi said his government was now engaged in a clean-up act.
“...We have been in government for a very short time. As we move into a new house the first thing we do is cleaning.
First the public did the cleaning; now we are doing it,” he said.
Mr. Modi was apparently referring to the popular mandate his party received unseating the UPA government and things it has to undo now.
Mr. Modi said, “People feel surprised whether the new government has to be doing this (cleaning) work, but you will be surprised that that I’m forced to do it.”
Observing that earlier governments used to take pride in making laws, he said they used to feel happy in saying that “we made laws, but I have decided to end all those laws which are of no use.”
“I have constituted a special committee; ....these are the things which create obstacles in governance and decision making,” he said.
“We have five to 10 laws on one single issue, laws which are over hundred years, over one hundred fifty years, over fifty years, and one interprets it the way he wants and stops work.”
“There should be direction to the work, quickness to it,” the Prime Minister said.
Noting that September 25 is the birth anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadyaya, stalwart of erstwhile Jan Sangh, he said he had been “a source of inspiration for all of us.”
It has been decided to launch a campaign from September 25 to October 2, Gandhi Jayanti, to clean up all the ministries of the Government of India.

With photos and videos  Pentagon shows effects of Syria strikesBy Dan Lamothe September 23 Follow @danlamothe
The Pentagon released this map on Tuesday to show the location of its strikes against militant groups in Syria on Monday night. (Defense Department image)
The Pentagon detailed its overnight military strikes in Syria on Tuesday with a variety of video and still images, saying they were conducted in three waves beginning around 8:30 Eastern Daylight Time.
They began with 47 Tomahawk missile cruise strikes in eastern and northern Syria, primarily against facilities run by the Khorasan group, a relatively unknown affiliate of al-Qaeda that defense officials said was plotting attacks against the United States.
The second wave of attacks began around 9 p.m. EDT, and included strikes by F-22 Raptors, F-15 Strike Eagles, F-16 Fighting Falcons, B-1B Lancer bombers and drone aircraft in northern Syria. They primarily targeted training camps, vehicles and other facilities under the control of the Islamic State militant group, said Army Lt. Gen. William Mayville, director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The third round of strikes began shortly after midnight Eastern Standard Time, and incorporated F/A-18 Hornets from the USS George H.W. Bush, an aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf, and F-16s flying from unnamed bases in the Middle East. They primarily dropped bombs in eastern Syria.
Arab partner nations participated in the second and third rounds of strikes.
Lt. Gen. William Mayville said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that Americans should think of the campaign against the Islamic State as taking years. Here are key moments from that briefing in less than three minutes. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Mayville showed the following images during a news conference Tuesday, showing what he said were militant facilities before and after they were hit with strikes by the United States and partner nations.
Photo shows before and after photos of target by #F22 . This was the first time the F22 was used in a combat role. pic.twitter.com/bMma8rxnsK — U.S. Dept of Defense (@DeptofDefense) September 23, 2014
Image of before and after photos of the finance center hit with Tomahawk missile. pic.twitter.com/HbgLoHzZ6u
— U.S. Dept of Defense (@DeptofDefense) September 23, 2014
The Defense Department also released videos of the strikes:
The U.S. Central Command released video of overnight U.S. operations in Syria on Tuesday. The military airstrikes included the use of Tomahawk cruise missiles launched by the U.S. Navy from the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. (U.S. CENTCOM)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Banks launch new drive against cyber crimeBanks launch fresh drive against cyber crime
By Martin Arnold, Banking Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15630060-433f-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Months after $3-bn Beats purchase  Apples plans for music service still unclearE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reliance Industries  gas output from KG-D6 likely to improve: UBSE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall St ends lower  SP 500 falls for third straight daySep 24, 2014, 07.47 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Wall St ends lower, S&P 500 falls for third straight day
Wall Street's losses tracked Europe's 1.3 percent slump after data showed a contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wall St ends lower, S&P 500 falls for third straight day
Wall Street's losses tracked Europe's 1.3 percent slump after data showed a contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks fell on Tuesday, with consumer staples leading the S&P 500 down to its third straight daily loss, as investors grew concerned about the pace of global economic growth.
The day's losses were broad, with all ten primary S&P sectors down. Consumer staples were the weakest on the day, off 0.9 percent, while industrials lost 0.8 percent.
Wall Street's losses tracked Europe's 1.3 percent slump after data showed a contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
 
The European data "is a little concerning," said David Lebovitz, global market strategist for J.P. Morgan Funds in New York. "We didn't expect things to improve there forever and always, but we are seeing a bit of a slowdown, which is weighing a bit."
Unrest abroad added an element of caution to the market after the launch of US air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters. The tension lifted crude oil prices CLc1 0.6 percent to USD 91.44 per barrel.
"It will be important to see how this issue plays out, but so far oil has been pretty well behaved," Lebovitz said. "So long as it remains under USD 100, markets should be able to take this in stride. Past that level, it will become a drag on consumption."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 116.81 points, or 0.68 percent, to 17,055.87, the S&P 500 lost 11.52 points, or 0.58 percent, to 1,982.77 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 19.00 points, or 0.42 percent, to 4,508.69.
The S&P 500 fell for a third consecutive session and closed below its 14-day moving average for a second straight day, a sign of weak near-term momentum.
S&P 500 e-mini futures ESc1 continued to fall after the bell, hitting their session low of 1,968.25 an hour after the close following a volume spike.
The Russell 2000 fell 0.9 percent during the normal session, and the small cap index's 50-day moving average fell slightly under its 200-day moving average, a condition known as a "death cross," which many investors view as indicating a coming bear market.
CarMax Inc was the biggest S&P 500 decliner on the day, off 9.5 percent to USD 47.80 after earnings missed expectations and same-store sales fell from the prior year.
CF Industries jumped 5.3 percent to USD 269.37 as the benchmark index's biggest gainer. The fertilizer company is in talks about a merger of equals with Norway's Yara.
Bed Bath & Beyond rose 6.6 percent to USD 66.85 in after-hours trading after the company reported its second-quarter results, which included a 3.4 percent rise in same-store sales.
More than two-thirds of stocks traded on both the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq closed lower on the day. About 6.21 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the month-to-date average of about 6 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Mangalyaan enters Mars orbit | History has been created: PMIndia has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also cheapest such mission till now.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Creating history, ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday successfully entered the orbit of the red planet. With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
At 7.17 AM, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic moment from ISRO's centre. "MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said annnouncing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of Indian Space Research Organisation.
After successful launch PM Modi said, "India has become the first country to enter Mars orbit on a maiden mission." "History has been created today with India reaching Mars. ISRO has joined an elite group of countries to reach Mars," he said. "It was built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot."
"Our budget is even lesser than a Hollywood blockbuster. These will go down as landmarks in history," Modi added.
Watch:'India has successfully reached Mars'
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
With MOM successfully entering the red planet's orbit, ISRO on Wednesday also launched the MOM's official Twitter handle, @MarsOrbiter.
"What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit?" tweeted the official handle of ISRO's Mars Orbiter. "I'll be back after breakfast. Good ol' sunlight. It's good for your battery," read the handle's second tweet.
Greeting NASA's Curiosity Rover, ISRO's Mars Orbiter tweeted, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
Curiosity Rover's Twitter handle, @MarsCuriosity, congratulated ISRO for the successful mission saying, "Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit."
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
2014
Mars Orbiter Insertion was carried out automatically by commands loaded onto the spacecraft after its velocity was slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Martian orbit.
The spacecraft had entered the Martian neighbourhood on Monday. At the time of MOM's orbital insertion, its signals took about 12 minutes and 28 seconds to travel to Earth for reception by NASA's Deep Space Network Stations in Canberra and Goldstone that relayed the data in real time to ISRO's station here.
The first sign of success in the final moments came when ISRO announced that burn of engines on India's Mars orbiter had been confirmed. "All engines of Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn confirmed," said ISRO signalling that history was in the making.
Page 1 of 2

Mars mission a historic achievement  says ModiMars mission a historic achievement, says Modi
IANS | Bangalore Sep 24, 2014 08:24 AM IST
India's Mars Mission "will go down as a landmark in history", said Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday after Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) entered the orbit of the red planet.
 
"These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history," said a visibly happy Modi.
 
He congratulated Indians and Isro scientists for the success, despite the constraint of resources.
 
"With today's spectacular success, Isro joins an elite group, of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached red planet," he added amidst applause.
 
Modi, wearing a red coloured jacket, said that the "odds, were stacked against us".
 
"Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed," he said.
 
The prime minister said: "Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million Km, we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise and imagination."
The success of the space programme is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation, he added. 
The success of the mission to Mars will "inspire our scientists to make even greater strides", said President Pranab Mukherjee, describing the mission as a "historic achievement".

In depth: Indias Mars Orbiter has made it to the top  but is it a one-hit wonderspace programme
After a 650-million kilometer journey pampered with uncharacteristic attention, the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) put itself into orbit around the red planet. That means for the first time a space agency has put a spacecraft around Mars on its first attempt (NASA took two attempts to get so far; the Soviet Union, three).
Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares.
The achievement has important consequences for scientific and political reasons, but we must be careful not to overstate this capability.
Until the Mars mission, ISRO functioned as a FedEx-for-space, launching the scientific instrument cargo, or scientific payload, of other countries, and Indian telecommunication and meteorological satellites into orbit around Earth using largely its Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rockets. Since 1993, PSLV rockets have launched 65 satellites in 25 launches, including India's Moon and Mars missions.
MOM's success has helped India show up China to assert itself as a regional space-power that not only markets itself as a low-cost hub, but also as a country that can set the agenda for regional cooperation.
On a more cautious note, on the other hand, the mission draws the Indian government's attention to the scientific payloads India can currently launch. The PSLV series of rockets are built to carry payloads of up to about 1,500 kg to the geostationary transfer orbit, which is as high as MOM needed to go before switching to a heliocentric orbit. This places direct limits on what kinds of instruments ISRO can or can't send up.
For instance, while all of MOM weighed 1,500 kg, its scientific payload was just 15 kg. In comparison, the NASA Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) space probe that got into orbit around Mars on September 21 weighed 2,454 kg and its scientific payload, 65 kg. So if mission scopes are to expand, and India is to make the best of the foreign interest,, its scientific aspirations and technological capabilities will have to expand, too.
This can be good news for Indian cosmologists and astrophysicists who, like many other scientists in India, have been clamoring for a hike in research and development funding since the early 1990s.
Second, the mission was executed in a really short span of time. A feasibility study was conducted in 2010, the federal approval received in 2012, and the payload launched a year later, all on a feeble budget of about $74 million. That's one-ninth the cost of the MAVEN space probe, $670 million. This bespeaks its original purpose being a demonstration of the perseverance of ISRO personnel, especially considering everything else about the mission was a cobbling together of well-tested components. That MOM had a scientific payload on board seems incidental even if its observations will soon be the center of (much less) attention.
So this would be the time to talk about the launch vehicle program that ISRO's future really depends on: the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) rockets. Unlike with the PSLV, the first GSLV launch came in 2001, offset in time by a decade because certain Russian commitments essential to the program didn't come through. That meant that by 2014 the PSLV program had ten more years than the GSLV program did to stabilize itself, and become as reliable as it is.
The GSLV is expected to be able to carry at most 1,000 kg more to the geostationary transfer orbit than the PSLV. The difference – in capability as well as complexity – lies with the engines. The PSLV has a four-stage engine with alternating solid and liquid stages. The GSLV has a three-stage engine of solid, liquid and cryogenic stages. The cryogenic stage has been the stumbling block because it had to be indigenously developed and its first successful flight was only in January this year.
Hopefully the program will become more reliable in the next decade, and that's when India's claims about being a space-superpower can take off, too. Even if it has launched a spacecraft to Mars, the payload limit and the lack of an inclusive scientific agenda still stand in the way of taking full advantage of scientific interest and infrastructure on the ground. Going ahead, untying this knot is what will keep from reducing MOM's achievement to an exhibition of ego rather than scientific temperament.
(This piece was originally published on Scienceline .)

Markets extend losses; Nifty slips below 8 000Markets extend losses; Nifty slips below 8,000
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Markets extended losses after the first hour of trade as investors turned cautious and trimmed position ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts tomorrow.  Further, investors are also adopting a wait-and-watch stance ahead of the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations later today.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 91 points at 26,684 and the 50-share Nifty was down 27 points at 7,990.
TCS, L&T, HDFC and Tata Motors were down 1-2% contributing the most to the Sensex losses.
Oil shares which had firmed up in early trades were trading lower amid uncertainty over gas pricing. Reliance Industries and ONGC were down 0.5-0.7% each.
Among other shares, Manappuram Finance gained over 1.5% on the Bombay Stock Exchange to trade at Rs 29.60 after the company in a board meeting held yesterday, gave its nod to diversify into the business of micro finance and financing of commercial vehicles.
Shares of Thermax has surged more than 4% to Rs 926 on the BSE after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions (TBWES), a joint venture of Pune based capital goods manufacturer Thermax and U.S.based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG), received an export order from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
JSW Energy gained 2% to trade at Rs 75.75 in the opening hour after the company informed that one of its joint ventures, Barmer Lignite Mining Company, has received environmental clearance from Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for a duration of four years.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was down 1.3% and Small-cap index was down 1.5%.
Market breadth was negative with 1,537 losers and 681 gainers on the BSE.
__________________________________
(Updated at 9:35AM)
Markets opened marginally higher led by oil and select financials but upside gains are likely to be capped ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts tomorrow. Further, selling by foreign funds also weighed on sentiment.
At 9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 40 points at 26,816 and the 50-share Nifty was up 15 points at 8,032.
Foreign portfolio investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,185 crore in the cash market and sold index futures worth Rs 316 crore, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court is expected to deliver its final verdict on coal mine allocations later today.
The rupee was trading lower at Rs 60.99 compared to the previous close of Rs 60.94. On Tuesday, the rupee fell by 12 paise to end at one-week low of 60.94 against the US dollar on month-end demand from importers and sharp decline in domestic stock markets.
In Asia, stocks tracked an overnight decline on Wall Street and dipped early on Wednesday, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2%, sliding to a fresh four-month low.
Japanese markets re-opened for trading after a public holiday on Tuesday. Shares in Japan were trading with marginal losses down 0.4% while Singapore's Straits Times was down 0.1%.
However, shares in China and Hong Kong rebounded today. Both the Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng were up 0.4-0.8% each.
U.S. stocks fell overnight, weighed by downbeat European data and as the first U.S.-led air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters dampened investor risk appetite.
The air strikes in Syria, which opened a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances, also garnered demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed U.S. Treasury yields lower, in turn helping arrest the dollar's recent bull run.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.68%, to 17,056, the S&P 500 lost 0.58%, to 1,988 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.42%, to 4,509.
BSE IT, Healthcare, FMCG indices were among the top gainers along with Bankex, Oil and Gas indice.
Index heavyweights ITC, Reliance Industries and Infosys were up 0.5-0.8% each contributing the most to the Sensex gains in early trades.
Other gainers include, M&M, Sun Pharma, Wipro and HUL among others.
Market breadth was strong with 901 gainers and 625 losers on the BSE.

Rupee slips below 61 vs $ | Brent below $97You are here: Home > Collections
Fifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 07.58AM IST
Tags:
Essar Oil
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
After a flattish start, benchmark indices came under pressure due to weak global cues and lost more than one & half percent in the end. Technically, Nifty has breached previous week's low indicating that pressure is likely to remain in the index.
"The market breadth was also a sign of caution today with the balance tilting strongly toward declines," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty has been trading in 8000-8200 level overall and any move below the crucial psychological and support level of 8000 is likely to result in further downside till 7900," added the report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
Hindalco , JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
Pidilite Industries : Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sasken falls 20%  locked in lower circuit as its CEO resigns; stock seen slipping another 20%You are here: Home > Collections > Directors
Sasken Communications can fall another 20% as CEO resigns
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 07.00PM IST
Tags:
Anjan Lahiri
MUMBAI: Shares of Sasken Communication Technologies today slumped 19 per cent after Anjan Lahiri , the whole time Director & CEO resigned from the services of the company.
Stock of Sasken Communication tumbled 18.28 per cent to close at Rs 258.40 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 19.98 per cent to Rs 253.
At the NSE, it slumped 18.99 per cent to close at Rs 256.15.
Led by the sharp fall in the stock, the company's market value dropped Rs 121.43 crore to Rs 550.57 crore.
On the volume front, 4.55 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 9 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
Sasken Communication Technologies in a filing to the BSE today said that Anjan Lahiri, whole time Director & CEO has resigned from the services and consequently from the Board of Directors effective September 23, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalyaan proves India s self-reliance  say ISRO scientistsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Amazon India launches Release Day Delivery  aims to deliver products to customers on the day of launchSep 24, 2014 at 10:17am IST
Amazon India launches Release Day Delivery, aims to deliver products to customers on the day of launch
27
2
Bangalore: Amazon.in announced the launch of Release Day Delivery (RDD), a service committed to delivering new product offerings to customers on the day of their launch.
With the launch of RDD, Amazon.in customers can now pre-order and receive some of the most eagerly awaited new products at their doorstep on the day of release, the company said.
The service is launched with the release of Xbox One. This means hundreds of customers who had pre booked the Xbox One in 35+ cities have started receiving their deliveries today, it added.
With the launch of RDD, Amazon.in customers can now pre-order and receive some of the most eagerly awaited new products at their doorstep on the day of release.
#amazon #amazon india #release day delivery
"We know how eager customers are to lay their hands on new releases. We cannot think of a better way to 'Deliver Smiles'. We are absolutely delighted by the response we got and look forward to offering more delightful experiences for our customers," said Amit Agarwal, Vice President and Country Manager, Amazon India.
Amazon.in has enabled Release Day Delivery for the video games category at launch and will soon be adding other categories.
The release said taking this one step further, Amazon.in today delighted several customers of Xbox One across India with midnight deliveries (a little after 12:00 am) earlier today. Xbox One released at 00.01 hours in India today.
The midnight deliveries were made to customers in Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Ahmedabad and Nagpur who had pre- booked the product. Amazon Logistics has enabled this on the back of specially designed operational processes to ensure adherence to strict embargo levels, it added.
8

Oil minister may discuss gas pricing in cabi...CCEA likely to take up natural gas price increase today
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 11.27AM IST
A four-member panel of bureaucrats from the ministries of oil, power, fertiliser and finance submitted a report last week on a new gas pricing mechanism.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) is likely to consider today raising natural gas prices amidst sharp difference between the oil ministry and power ministry over the quantum of increase.
The CCEA headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to meet this evening and revision in natural gas prices is listed as an agenda for the meeting, sources privy to the development said.
While the oil ministry is in favour of remunerative gas price that will encourage investments in exploration and production, power ministry does not want rates to be hiked by more than 25 per cent over the current price of $4.2 per million British thermal unit as a higher fuel cost will push up electricity tariff.
If the differences are not resolved, the CCEA may put-off a decision by a month, sources said.
In a case a decision is put-off today, the government will miss its own deadline of announcing a new rate by month end.
The previous UPA government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September end but if the CCEA fails to take a decision today, then that deadline will be missed as Modi will leave for US tomorrow afternoon.
Modi, who will launch the "Make in India " campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, will return in the evening of October 1.
A committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Samsung launches Note 4  phablet  ahead of scheduleMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
Samsung launches Note 4 'phablet' ahead of schedule
AFP
South Korea's Samsung launched the latest version of its oversized Galaxy Note smartphone earlier than expected Wednesday after US rival Apple reported record sales of its latest iPhone 6.
   
Samsung said the Galaxy Note 4 -- initially scheduled for launch in October -- would hit stores in South Korea and China this week before being sold in 140 nations by the end of next month.
It would be the first time a flagship Samsung product has gone on sale in China ahead of other markets, reflecting the firm's desire to battle growing competition from cheaper Chinese-made rivals. 
The decision to bring forward the launch also came after rival Apple reported a record opening weekend for its latest range of iPhones, including the iPhone 6 Plus -- the US firm's first foray into the big-screen market.
Models pose with Samsung Electronics Co.'s latest Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge smartphones during its unveiling in Seoul. Photo: AP/Ahn Young-joon
Sales topped 10 million in just three days following Friday's launch in the United States, Britain, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore.
The new iPhone is not yet available in China.
Samsung initially pioneered the market for the "phablet" devices -- sized between a smartphone and a tablet computer -- when it introduced its Galaxy Note series in 2011.
Along with the Galaxy S smartphones, they helped the South Korean giant dethrone Apple as the world's top smartphone maker.
Samsung has been poking Apple in ads portraying the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as inspired by the Note's size.
For the past three years, the arch-rivals have been locked in a battle of litigative attrition in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing various patents related to their smartphones and tablets.
But neither has managed to deliver a knock-out blow with a number of rulings going different ways. Last month the companies agreed to drop all patent disputes outside the United States.
Samsung has a diverse product line ranging from memory chips to home appliances, but more than half its profits are generated by mobile devices.
Saturated  smartphone market
The mobile market has become increasingly saturated, while competition has intensified from cheaper Chinese handset makers such as Huawei and Lenovo.
In July, Samsung reported a 20 % drop in net profit for the second quarter, and its shares are sitting at a two-year low.
Its latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S5, reportedly suffered sluggish sales after tepid reviews greeted its April launch.
"We are temporarily going through a difficult business situation," Lee Don-Joo, head of sales and marketing for Samsung's mobile unit, told reporters at Wednesday's launch in Seoul
"But...we hope that we would be able to recover soon based on our fundamental capability for technical innovation," Lee said.
Journalists try out Samsung Electronics Co.'s latest Galaxy Note 4 smartphones in Seoul. Photo: AP/Ahn Young-joon
Sales of Galaxy Note 3 topped 10 million in two months after its launch in 2013, and Lee predicted the Note 4 would outperform that.
The 5.7-inch Note 4 -- priced at 957,000 won ($920)-- comes with S-pen stylus allowing users to draw and write on the screen and perform various tasks simultaneously.
The presence of a stylus pen -- not offered by iPhone 6 -- offers a "unique input methodology,"  said Lee Young-Hee, executive vice president of Samsung's mobile unit.
There is a general consensus that smartphone evolution has hit a barrier that will only allow incremental improvements on existing design and technology, rather than market-changing reinvention.
According to International Data Corp., a record-high 295.3 million smartphones were shipped worldwide in the second quarter.
Samsung remained the world's top vendor, moving 74 million handsets, but saw its overall market share slip seven percentage points to 25.2 %, while China's Huawei nearly doubled its shipments from the same quarter a year ago.
Samsung also announced Wednesday it plans an October launch for a new version of its Galaxy Gear smartwatch, as well as a virtual reality headset, Gear VR.
The firm has ramped up efforts to promote Internet-enabled wearable devices in a move towards the market for the Internet of Things, in which household appliances and electronic devices are connected through the network.
Apple unveiled its "Apple Watch" earlier this month, with plans to get it into stores early next year.

Oracle Financial falls 12%  stock quotes ex-dividendSep 24, 2014, 11.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oracle Financial falls 12%, stock quotes ex-dividend
The board of directors of the software company, on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each. The record date (the date when a stock must be in investor's account to receive a dividend) for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oracle Financial falls 12%, stock quotes ex-dividend
The board of directors of the software company, on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each. The record date (the date when a stock must be in investor's account to receive a dividend) for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Oracle Financial Services Software  is quoting ex- dividend on Wednesday. To adjust the dividend amount, the stock fell as much as 12.5 percent intraday.
The board of directors of the software company, on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each. The record date (the date when a stock must be in investor's account to receive a dividend) for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
The interim dividend worth Rs 4,081.3 crore will be paid to the equity shareholders on or before Monday, September 29, 2014.
Meanwhile, in the year ended March 31, 2014, the company had reported cash and bank balances of Rs 6,672.6 crore, increased from Rs 5,471 crore in previous financial year.
Net profit of the software services provider grew by 26.9 percent sequentially (up 7.7 percent year-on-year) to Rs 394.4 crore in April-June quarter of FY14 and revenue increased by 20 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 19.3 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 1,073 crore during the same period.
Promoter Oracle Global Mauritius holds 74.93 percent stake in the company as of June 2014.
At 11:06 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,480.40, down Rs 478.10, or 12.08 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Nifty reclaims 8 000; FMCG shares leadNifty reclaims 8,000; FMCG shares lead
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 11:23 AM IST
Markets have recouped intra-day losses with the Nifty reclaiming 8,000 level led by gains in FMCG majors ITC and Hindustan Unilever. However, caution is seen ahead of SC verdict on coal-block allocation later today and expiry of September derivative contracts tomorrow.
At  11.30 Hrs, Sensex is trading at 26,788 with a gain of 13 points. Nifty is at 8,020 with 2 points gain.
After outperforming market for a month till September, 22, BSE Mid-Cap and Small Cap are trading lower than Sensex with a loss of 1.5% and 1.7% respectively.
Market breadth is weak with 683 advances against 1,618 declines.
The Rupee is trading at 60.99 against US Dolla. Following US air strikes on Syria,search for a hedge against increased Geo-political risks boosted US dollar. It is tradig close to its peak in the last four years against a basket of currencies.
Asian Markets:
Geo-political concerns weighed heavily on Japanese stocks as US getting ensnarled in Syria whetted investors' appetite for safe havens.
Nikkei has lost 62 points or 0.4% while Singapore Strait Times is trading flat losing 2 points.
However, trends in other Asian markets are mixed. Shanghai Composite added 33 points or 1.4% so did Hang Seng with a gain of 100 points or 0.4%.
Sector and Stocks:
Ahead of SC verdict on coal block allocation interest in Coal India stocks increased. It is trading with a gain of 1.7%.
Due to investors reduced risk appetite, FMCG  is the only sector in green. Biggest gainers are HUL and Nestle posting around 2% gains. Possibility of goverment selling its stake in ITC through Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI) gave its stocks a gain of 1.2%.
IT stocks continued their bull run in a defensive market with the exception of TCS which posted a loss of around 1%. Biggest gainer is Wipro with nearly 2% gain followed by Tech Mahinra with a gain of 1%.
Mahindra and Mahindra has gained 1% as the fall in its stock prices precipitated by a rating downgrade made its stocks attractive.
 
After heavy buying for two days, Capital Goods sector is under pressure losing 2% in late morning trades.Though in this sector, shares of Thermax, a Pune based capital goods manufacturer has surged more than 4% to Rs 926 on the BSE after it received an export order from a US based company. Infra major Larsen and BHEL both have lost around 2%
Other stocks to look for are JSW Energy which is up on  environment clearance to increase the annual mining of Kapurdi Lignite Mines and Manappuram Finance which gained on nod for diversification.
Metal stocks are witnessing pressure ahead of SC verdict on coal block allocation.Other Inhibiting factors include weak demand - given reduced pace of growth in China, dip in second quarter Japan's GDP and weak industrial data from India - and depressed raw material prices due to over-supply.
Tata Steel has lost 1.7%, Sesa Sterlite 0.7% and Hindalco 0.6%.
Stocks of Oracle Finance are down on turning ex-dividend and Sasken Communication Technologies is down following resignation by whole time diector and CEO.

Samsung to launch Galaxy Note 4 in China before Apple iPhone 6E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Himachal Pradesh: At least 30 feared dead as overloaded bus plunges intolakeRescue operations underway at the accident site near Auhar in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh. (Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 5:48 pm
In a tragic incident, an overload private bus plunged into Gobind Sagar reservoir of Bhakra project in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh on Wednesday morning. According to reports from Bilaspur, at least 30 persons are feared drowned and 16 person injured.
Director General of Police (DGP) Sanjay Kumar, who rushed to the spot alongwith Principal Secretary (Disaster Management) Tarun Shridhar in state helicopter, said, “So far 25 bodies have been fished out and the bus has also been brought out of the deep waters.”
Deputy Commissioner Bilaspur, Ajay Sharma, who was at the spot, told The Indian Express that there was no exact count of persons drown. The bus was overloaded and few persons were travelling on the roof.
“I can’t say anything of the cause of accident but it seems overloading and over-speeding may be a reason. I will get a magisterial inquiry done,” he said.
The ill-fated bus of Shubham Transport was on its way from Rishikesh to Bilaspur and most of the passengers were local commuters.
Deputy Commissioner said rescue operations were going on in full swing and divers of Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) were called to fish out the bodies.
About half a dozen persons who jumped out of the bus were injured and rushed to a hospital at Bilaspur.
The additional district magistrate Pradeep Thakur has been appointed as the inquiry officer.
Most of the victims are locals, including school and college going students. The relatives and family members of the passengers have also reached the spot.

Why India should not be worried about Xi Jinping s commentsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Why India should not be worried with Xi Jinping's comment over combat readiness
Sep 24, 2014, 04.26AM IST
(India should not be alarmed…)
By Srikanth Kondapalli
China's president Xi Jinping stated on September 22, speaking at the military (PLA) staff commanders meeting that they should "improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology". Further he called on the armed forces of the country to "update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC".
Coming as it were immediately after his India visit, this statement had attracted Indian attention given the stand-off in Chumar area of the western sector of the border. It is reported that China had mobilsed between 600-1,000 troops in this area and has been occupying the heights in the region for reinforcing sovereignty claims as well as better position them in military operations.
However, while the context of the meeting coincided with the events in the western sector, Xi's statement on winning regional wars need not alarm the Indian side in escalating to a higher gear. Firstly, statements such as the above are made routinely to the armed forces of the country at increasing pace since the 1991 Gulf War waged by the United States led forces in Iraq.
The PLA, which supplied tanks and other equipment to Saddam Hussein forces since the 1970s, was shocked to see how its equipment was obliterated in the war through a "no-contact" war. The previous war that the PLA waged against the Vietnamese in 1979 was likewise a disaster compelling Deng Xiaoping to openly criticize the PLA as "bloated and lax".
Subsequently, Jiang Zemin, who headed the Central Military Commission from 1989 Tiananmen Square incident until 2002, spearheaded structural reorganization of the armed forces to make them "lean and mean" in order to fight regional wars, mentioned as "local war under modern conditions" and then since recently "local war under informationised conditions".
Jiang's successors Hu Jintao and Xi Jinping continued this process and all the eight white papers on defence released by China since 1998 reiterated the changed military doctrine towards local or regional wars. Secondly, Xi Jinping's assertion soon after becoming the Chairman of the CMC in October 2012 that he will not sacrifice "core interests" (viz., sovereignty claims) for the sake of "developmental interests" (economic development, globalisation, trade, investments, etc) had underlined the PLA missions in East and South China Seas as well as on the unresolved land territorial disputes with India (and Bhutan).
To recall, the PLA commanders since the 1990s also suggested that regional or local wars will be fought on the issue of "unresolved territorial disputes" as well. This had resulted in certain concerns in India on whether the PLA's intention to settle in Chumar area for the long haul will result in a "regional war" between India and China.
Nevertheless, while China has acquired conventional and strategic superiority over the Indian forces with its consistently double digit defence expenditures for the last two decades, India has its own niche areas in Air-Land battle, professionalism of the forces, command and control integration and the ability to fight a war with Revolution in Military Affairs.
The 1987 Samdurong Chu incident - in which China mobilized 250 troopstriggered the Indian Operation Checkerboard. It is estimated by certain Chinese that the kill ratio in this simulation exercise was for every one Indian, there were ten Chinese casualties. This has alarmed the PLA. Thirdly, Xi's statement on regional wars should be seen in the context of multi-targets that the PLA has - on the United States forces, Japan, Vietnam, Philippines, India and counter-terrorism.
This is a tall order for the PLA to cope up with and the only possible explanation for the speech yesterday could at most be waging "psychological war" on the Indian troops positioned in Ladakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is the combat-ready order a bid to win over India s strategic advantage in ChunarArmy
(It is now clear that PLA troopers…)
NEW DELHI: The intransigence by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) to stay put in Chumar (Ladakh region) across the Line of Actual Control (LAC), despite assurance of withdrawal by none other President Xi Jinping last week, is being viewed as part of its strategy to win over Indian Army's strategic advantage in the area.
It is now clear that PLA troopers did not withdraw from the Chumar area on Thursday night after talks between Xi and Narendra Modi and reports reaching Delhi to that effect was a false alarm. Since the stand-off began thirteen days back PLA has pressed in more soldiers in the Chumar region -- an alarming number in recent times - where they transgress on a regular basis, sources in the Indian security establishment told ET. This also comes amid Xi -- chief of China's Central Military Commission head - exhorting PLA to remain ready for a regional war.
What has baffled the Ministry of Defence and mandarins in the South Block is PLA's behaviour despite Xi's assurance at Delhi at the highest level on last Thursday. Sources said they are trying to ascertain is this a classic Chinese doublespeak or does this signal any sort of fissures within the Chinese establishment. "Knowing the Chinese system they do not act independent of the other. Moreover Xi wields tremendous power as he is three-in-one -- President, General Secretary of the Party and CMC Chairman. Can PLA act independent of him? We are trying to ascertain the behaviour and raise it at the appropriate level," noted an official, who did not wish to be named.
Defence and security establishment sources did not mince words when they indicated that India has a geographical and therefore strategic advantage in Chumar along the 4,057 LAC. Indian Army has an observation post as well as building bunker in the area, sources said, adding, the observation post enables the Indian troopers to keep a watch deep inside the Chinese territory. PLA wants to thwart this move and therefore trying to build road in the area by transgressing into the Indian Territory with the objective of seizing the strategic advantage that India has, an official explained, speaking under the condition of anonymity.
However, the PLA has received some strong response from the Indian Army with its Chief General Dalbir Singh postponing his three-day visit to Bhutan amid the standoff and pressing 2000 troops to match the strength of over 1000 Chinese troopers in the area. Indo Tibetan Border Police man the area and Indian Army sent more reinforcements on Monday to sources said, adding, it has been decided that Indian forces will not concede to the Chinese and will stay put to put pressure on China to withdraw. In 2013, PLA had put similar pressure on Indian Army to dismantle its infrastructure in Chumar ahead of their Premier's trip to Delhi.
There are around eight battalions of ITBP comprising nearly 8,000 personnel in the region. In addition, the Army has around 15 battalions in the area.
Amid this Chinese Defence Ministry for the first time reacted to the incidents, saying there are differing perceptions of the LAC but the two sides could resolve boundary issues through dialogue. China's Foreign Ministry also echoed similar sentiments. It was decided during Modi-Xi meeting that the two sides will make resolution of boundary dispute as a "strategic objective".
Chumar, located over 300 kilometres Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh , has long been a flash point between the two sides, with the Chinese making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area in the last two to three years. India is strategically at a vantage position in this area and its defence structure is a matter of discomfort for China. It is one of the very few places along the Line of Actual Control where access to the border areas is easier from the Indian side. The PLA has been making repeated bids to claim Chumar as part of Chinese territory but has been thwarted every time by the Indian Army.
Transgressions by the Chinese troopers into the Indian territory have increased ever since Delhi has started building military infrastructure along the LAC over last couple of years in response Beijing's massive defence infrastructure and deployment of troops along the border.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama likely to seek Modis support against ISUpdated: September 25, 2014 03:28 IST
Obama may ask India to join fight against IS
Suhasini Haidar
Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama
TOPICS
India-United States
As Washington completes a round of airstrikes on the Islamic State (IS) of Iraq and Syria, U.S President Barack Obama on Wednesday garnered more support for the coalition at the United Nations.
On Monday, PTI quoted U.S. officials as saying that Mr. Obama will ask Prime Minister Narendra Modi to join the 40 countries that have offered support.
Delhi may share intelligence in fight against IS
In the event of Washington seeking closer cooperation with India in its campaign against the Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria, during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with President Barack Obama, New Delhi has three possible options.
At present, officials say the cooperation extends to exchanging notes on IS propaganda and is limited to information-sharing. “It is an area of cooperation as of now,” confirmed Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, who called working with the U.S. on IS “a major issue of focus during the Obama-Modi meeting, we look forward to enhancing that cooperation.”
But the government’s advisers, like Chairman of the National Security Advisory Board Shyam Saran, feel it will be difficult for India to do more than extend moral support to the coalition.
“The U.S. hasn’t had a great track record in fighting the IS itself, and India will have to look closely at what kind of cooperation they require before committing,” he said at the Brookings Institute in Delhi last week.
The first option, however, would be to help with ground intelligence and with blocking IS attempts to enlist Muslims in the two countries. Mr. Modi and Mr. Obama are likely to announce enhanced and more real-time sharing of intelligence about the IS, that would also involve information about the fate of the 40 Indians kidnapped in Mosul four months ago. The release of 49 Turkish hostages this week, who had been held by the IS for 101 days, has raised questions about India’s efforts to free its men caught in the conflict.
Logistics help
The second would be logistical support for the airplanes carrying out the attacks. At present, the U.S. would have little need for this, given that Iraq and neighbouring countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Jordan are part of the airstrikes, and the U.S. is launching some of them from its own aircraft carriers stationed off the Gulf.
In 1991, during Gulf War I, then Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar had come under much criticism for allowing U.S. bombers to refuel at Mumbai’s Sahar airport on their way into Iraq. Even so, India could offer a similar sort of assistance, which would perhaps find more takers today, given that the target is a terrorist group, not a functioning government.
The third, that of any kind of Indian troop involvement on the ground, is ruled out by all concerned. To begin with, the Iraqi government has made it clear it wants no “foreign boots” on the ground. “We don’t want them. We won’t allow them,” Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi told AP.

Love in space: Curious Rover flirts with Mangalyaan  Maven looks onComments
An intriguing conversation between Isro's Mars Orbiter, Nasa's Maven and the US agency's Curiosity Rover led us to believe that a Bollywood style love triangle maybe inevitable. After all, all three of them will be spending the next few months together around Mars.
Advertisement
Maven got the ball rolling by sending out a congratulatory tweet for Isro's Mars Orbiter, while Curiosity welcomed it on the Red Planet with a 'Namaste'.
"Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit," Curiosity Rover tweeted.
Mars Orbiter replied, saying, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
The conversation ended with Mars orbiter going off for breakfast.
Twitterati will surely be holding tight on to their seats, waiting to see what ensues - who will woo who, and who will be #ForeverAlone.
Seems like all these three crafts are going to have quite a rosy stay on Mars.
The #MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. pic.twitter.com/8E37nqtcmL
— NASA's MAVEN Mission (@MAVEN2Mars) September 24, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I'm rolling out the red carpet on the Red Planet for the newest Mars orbiter. Welcome, @MAVEN2Mars ! pic.twitter.com/y6Rdw91sew

Bajaj Electricals up 3% on order from Maharashtra SET coSep 24, 2014, 11.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bajaj Electricals up 3% on order from Maharashtra SET co
The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged third order from August. This new order worth Rs 108.63 crore is for turnkey construction of transmission lines from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bajaj Electricals up 3% on order from Maharashtra SET co
The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged third order from August. This new order worth Rs 108.63 crore is for turnkey construction of transmission lines from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Bajaj Electricals climbed as much 3.3 percent intraday Wednesday on getting order from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company.
The engineering and project business unit of the company has bagged third order from August. This new order worth Rs 108.63 crore is for turnkey construction of transmission lines from Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company.
The company will supply towers, insulator, earth wire, hardware and accessories, survey, foundation, erection, stringing, testing and commissioning of transmission line on turnkey basis. The order is for 12 months from the date of letter of award.
Earlier on September 12 and August 28, Bajaj Electricals had bagged orders worth Rs 518.46 crore and 602.12 crore, respectively.
At 10:51 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 279, up Rs 2.15, or 0.78 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Delhi: Parents-in-law get 7-year jail term in dowry death case9
1
New Delhi: A Delhi court has sentenced parents-in-law of a woman to seven years in jail for treating her cruelly and harassing her for dowry, saying that the "victim died an unnatural death."
Additional Sessions Judge Virender Kumar Goyal held 64- year-old Krishan Anand and his wife Veena, 63, guilty for the offences under section 498A (subjecting woman to cruelty) and 304B (dowry death) of IPC for harassing their daughter-in-law for dowry and compelling her to jump from the roof of her matrimonial house to commit suicide.
"There was demand of a car soon before her death. The victim died under unnatural circumstances during seven years of her marriage and prior to this demand also, she was treated with cruelty and was harassed on account of non­fulfilment of demand of dowry....," the judge said, while also imposing a
The court also directed the couple to pay Rs 25,000 each as compensation to the parents of the victim.
#delhi #dowry #delhi court #punishment
fine of Rs 5,000 on each of the convicts.
The court also directed the couple to pay Rs 25,000 each as compensation to the parents of the victim.
It acquitted the victim's husband, saying that there was no evidence against him that "he was acting with co­-accused persons in furtherance of their common intention of demand of dowry".
It, however, observed that despite being the husband of the woman, he could not save her.
"He failed to uphold the dignity and status of his wife in his family, while she was being harassed and was treated with cruelty by her parents-in­law. He never resisted the acts of accused persons to save his wife from the harassment and cruelty caused to her," it said.
According to the prosecution, on the morning of November 20, 2005, the brother of the woman was informed by her in-laws that she fell from the stairs of their house and was taken to hospital, where she was declared as brought dead.
The woman's brother lodged a complaint with the police saying that her husband and parents-in-law had been harassing her for quite sometime for dowry and they had compelled her to commit suicide by jumping from the roof along with her 13 month-old son, who survived the jump and was discharged from the hospital a week later, it said.
1

Watch: Scientists celebrate as India s Mangalyaan reaches MarsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Motorola s new Moto X (2nd generation) launched in India at Rs 31 999 onwards12
5
New Delhi: The much-awaited Moto X (2nd generation) smartphone, which was unveiled early this month, has now got a price tag. Motorola has priced the new Moto X at Rs 31,999 in India. The smartphone will go on sale on Flipkart.com starting from midnight of September 24.
At Rs 31,999, the new Moto X is Rs 8,000 dearer than the first-gen Moto X that was launched in India at Rs 23,999 onwards.
Motorola says the base variant of the Moto X will be available for Rs 31,999, while the wood finish and the leather back panel variants are priced at Rs 33,999.
The 2nd generation Moto X features a 5.2-inch 1080p display and a curved back encased in a metal frame.
#motorola #moto x #new moto x #android
The 2nd generation Moto X features a 5.2-inch 1080p display and a curved back encased in a metal frame. The specifications of the new Moto X include a 2.5GHz quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and water-resistant coating. Moto Voice in the Moto X accepts new voice commands and lets users control their favourite apps with voice commands.
The phone has a 13 megapixel rear camera with dual LED ring flash and a 2 megapixel front-facing camera. The phone runs Android 4.4 KitKat and its 2400mAh battery is claimed to offer up to 24 hours of usage.
The Moto X smartphone was unveiled on September 5 alongside the new Moto G.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms.
229

Greetings pour in hailing Indias Mars mission successGreetings pour in hailing India’s Mars mission success
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
From President Pranab Mukherjee to NASA, all came out with praise for ISRO after it successfully placed its Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft in the Red Planet’s orbit on the very first attempt.
“Hearty congratulations & best wishes to ISRO Team on Mangalyaan’s success; nation proud of this historic achievement,” the President tweeted.
Noting the “landmark occasion” for India, Vice-President Hamid Ansari said he joins “the entire country in saluting them (scientists) on their success’’.
“I am confident that our scientists will continue to scale greater heights and win more laurels for the country in the field of space exploration,” Ansari said.
In her message commending the ISRO scientists, Congress President Sonia Gandhi said that the achievement would be a source for inspiration “for generations to come’’.
“India earns its admirable position in the world as one of the pioneering space exploring nations with Mangalyaan. It is a milestone in the journey that we as a nation envisaged after Independence,” said Gandhi.
She added that it was the “courage, passion and imagination” of the team of space scientists and researchers led by ISRO Chairman Dr K Radhakrishnan which had made the mission a success.
NASA, which has just launched its own MAVEN mission to the Red Planet, also congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the feat.
“#MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet,” NASA tweeted.
“Thank you MAVEN team!,” ISRO tweeted its acknowledgement of the message from the US space agency.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan lauded ISRO for its efforts and said it was a proud moment for India as it has become the first Asian nation to enter the Mars orbit.
“Jai Hind. India is first Asian nation to enter Mars orbit, that too in first attempt. What more joy can our scientists @isro give. Respect,” Chouhan tweeted.
“Today was key to India’s dream of being the first Asian nation to reach Mars orbit. I Wish @isro all the best for next stage of mission,” he added.
The #MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. pic.twitter.com/8E37nqtcmL

Haemorrhaging talent  Infosys new CEO allows staff to use Twitter FacebookInfosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours.
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:36 pm
Infosys Ltd’s new CEO has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of India’s trailblazing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of India’s outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka, the company’s first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
“These changes might not look big or material, but he’s trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way,” said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company’s fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company’s 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to India’s $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients’ technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a “quiet period” ahead of its interim earnings announcement on Oct. 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 percent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood continued…

Indian feature phone users upgrading to affordable smartphones  shows OperareportPrint
Opera Mobile Web report suggests Opera Mini browser was widely prevalent on smartphones than basic phones.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:20 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 12:21 pm
In what could be a clear indicator of how the Indian smartphone segment is shaping up, Opera Software’s State of the Android Mobile Web report show that India is the fastest growing smartphone market in the world with the user base growing by 120 per cent in the past year. Android phones grew by 160 per cent, and for the first time the Opera Mini browser was used more on smartphones than basic phones, suggesting that feature phone users were upgrading to smartphone at a fast pace. India now has the largest number of Opera Mini users in the world.
As expected, the sub-Rs 10,000 phones formed 77 per cent of Opera’s users in India, with the sub-Rs 5,000 phone category growing fast. It is not a surprise then that Micromax phones formed a bulk of Opera users in India with 30 per cent, while Samsung followed with 25 per cent. However, Samsung users take all the top 10 positions in Android handsets used by Opera Mini users and also consume 56% of data on the top 100 Android devices. In comparison, Micromax users consume 21% data.
If you look at what is engaging Indian mobile users on the web, Facebook comes on top with seven out of every ten webpages viewed by Opera Mini users. But shopping portals clocked 365 per cent growth in the last year as mobile users flocked e-tailers. Flipkart led with the most time spent per user, while followed by Snapdeal and Myntra.
More Indian users were also looking at online classifieds, a segment that jumped by 150 per cent. From a neck to neck fight last year, Quikr has emerged as a clear market leader with a year-on-year growth of 243.5 per cent, Olx is now second with a 120.7 pe cent rise in views. Interestingly, users spent the most time on OLX.
The report said more users are now accessing education and job portals, as well as blogs. But video was a clear rising star growing by 205% since 2013. YouTube was the clear leader, followed by Dailymotion and Metacafe.
The report is based on aggregated information obtained from Opera Mini servers. Due to its data compression technologies, Opera Mini is quite popular among Indian smartphone users as well as manufacturers.
Sunil Kamath, Vice President for South Asia at Opera Software, said it is likely that the smartphone growth in India fueled by aggressively priced smartphones by Indian OEMs. “Currently, we have partnerships with 16 Indian OEMs who have preinstalled Opera Mini on over 350 models of Android devices. Opera Mini’s unique data compression technology, which lets users browse faster, make it a great fit for Indian handsets,” he said in a release.

Bibek Debroy to chair high-level committee o...Bibek Debroy to head panel on restructuring Railway Board
By Mahendra Singh, TNN | 24 Sep, 2014, 12.46PM IST
The move is being seen as the Modi dispensation's first major step towards reforming the top-heavy transporter which has over 14 lakh employees. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government has set up a panel of experts to suggest ways for restructuring the Railway Board, a long pending issue, to infuse efficiency in the transport behemoth's top decision-making body and run it on professional lines.
The seven-member committee, headed by economist Bibek Debroy, has been tasked to suggest measures to reorganize the Railway Board and its departments so that policy making is separated from day-to-day operations.
The move is being seen as the Modi dispensation's first major step towards reforming the top-heavy transporter which has over 14 lakh employees.
The panel, which has former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar as member, has also been mandated to estimate the financial needs of railways and ensure policies to raise resources, internally and otherwise to meet future demands.
The terms of reference of the panel wants to ensure "reorganising and restructuring the Board and subsequesntly the department so that policy-making and operations are separated, the departments do not work in silos, policy-making focuses on long term and medium-term planning and operations focus on day-to-day functioning of the organization".
However, there is also skepticism about the BJP government's attempt to push the reforms agenda as several governments in the past have failed to do so due to deeply entrenched interests in retaining the over-centralized structure.
Many expert committees - such as Tandon Committee (early 1990s), Rakesh Mohan Committee (2001), Anil Kakodkar Committee (2011) — had suggested restructuring, but faced stiff resistance from the railway bureaucracy.
The Modi administration has to ensure implementation of the Debroy panel to curb inter-departmental rivalry.
The committee, which has Gusharan Das, former CMD of P&G, Ravi Narain, former MD of National Stock Exchange and Partha Mukhopadhyay, Senior Fellow of Centre for Policy Research, as other members, will also suggest modalities for setting up the Rail Tariff Authority.
It has been asked to look into promoting exchange of officers between railways and other government ministries and departments.
The present system of organising Railways along departmental lines - electrical, mechanical, traffic, engineering, finance - is being considered an anathema in the changed economic environment.
Officials within railways and several committees have noted that the turf war between departments is affecting the modernization agenda. "The present organizational set-up on departmental lines is very conservative and lacks dynamism needed in a transport organization of the stature of Indian Railways. Such a set-up also gives rise to inter-departmental rivalry losing sight of the overall organizational goals including safety," noted the Anil Kakodkar panel which had E Sridharan as one its members.
The Modi government's first rail budget had announced that the railway board would be restructured.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Indian banks among most expensive stocks in Asian regionIndian banks among the most expensive stocks in the Asian region
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
capital market
(How is it that the worst industry…)
Indian banks, especially the state-run ones, are among the most riled enterprises in the country for their perceived inefficiency, huge bad loans, and less-than-professional approach to business. Still, Indian banks are among the most expensive stocks in the Asian region, shows a Credit Suisse note.
How is it that the worst industry is getting a valuation that their better-run peers in other nations are not being given by investors?
Probably, it is an indication that things are on the mend for Indian banks, which have piled up doubtful loans of nearly 10% of their total loans. Many have been factoring in bankruptcy valuations for some of the lenders. Now, they are dancing.
But there is a clear distinction — private and staterun — with the former receiving a premium. They will participate in the economic rebound with loans as well as raise fee income with their capital market businesses. They are well capitalised and have lowcost deposit franchises. Indian banks are up 38% YTD in US dollar terms — the third biggest gains in Asia after Indonesian and Thai banks. Chinese banks are up just 6% in the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISRO s Mars mission a historic achievement: President Pranab MukherjeePresident Pranab Mukherjee congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan success
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 09.09AM IST
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan', saying the breakthrough will inspire the country's scientists to make even greater strides.
In a message to Chairman of ISRO K Radhakrishnan, the President said, "I extend my hearty congratulations and best wishes to you and your team on the successful Orbit Insertion Maneuver of the Mars Orbiter Mission 'Mangalyaan' after a journey of nearly nine months.
"The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. ISRO is also the first to enter the Martian Orbit in it's maiden attempt," he said.
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India's space capabilities.
"I am sure that this breakthrough, which marks a significant landmark in our space programme, will inspire our scientists to make even greater strides. Kindly convey my greetings to the members of your team of scientists, engineers, technologists and all others associated with this great mission. The nation is grateful for their hard work and proud of their accomplishment," he said.

Mangalore Chemicals: Updates on open offerSep 24, 2014, 12.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mangalore Chemicals: Updates on open offer
JM Financial Institutional Securities on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd has informed this corrigendum announcement with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mangalore Chemicals: Updates on open offer
JM Financial Institutional Securities on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd has informed this corrigendum announcement with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers.
Post your opinion here
 
JM Financial Institutional Securities Ltd ("Manager to the Open Offer") or and on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd (“Acquirer” / “SCM”) and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd (“PAC” / “DFPCL”) has informed this corrigendum announcement (“Corrigendum”) (Corrigendum to the Detailed Public Statement dated May 01, 2014) with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd ("Target Company"), pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended (“SEBI (SAST) Regulations”). This Corrigendum is to be read together with the public announcement issued on April 23, 2014 (“Public Announcement”) and the detailed public statement dated May 01, 2014 ("DPS") that was published on May 01, 2014 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.SEBI has issued its comments on the draft letter of offer dated May 08, 2014 (“DLoF”) to the Manager vide its letter dated July 15, 2014. Further, vide its letter dated July 24, 2014. SEBI has clarified that the tendering period shall commence within 12 (twelve) Working Days of the receipt of the last of the approvals of the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") by either the Acquirer or Zuari Ferlilisers and Chemicals Limited (“Competing Acquirer”). Accordingly, the Manager has dispatched the letter of offer (“LoF”) to the public shareholders whose name appeared on the register of members on the Identified Date in accordance with the timelines specified below on or before September 24, 2014, in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.Capitalised terms used herein but not specifically defined shall have the same meaning ascribed to such terms in the LoF.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CCEA likely to take up natural gas price increase todayCCEA likely to take up natural gas price increase today
ISRO Scientists celebrate success of  Mars MissionISRO Scientists celebrate success of  Mars Mission
India Inc in attendance  Narendra Modi to kick off Make in India campaignIndia Inc in attendance  Narendra Modi to kick off Make in India campaign
Suresh Prabhu is Modi s sherpa for G20 summitSuresh Prabhu is Modi s sherpa for G20 summit
Nifty hovers around 8 000 levelsNifty hovers around 8 000 levels
With Cong-NCP stalemate on  NCP core committee meetsWith Cong-NCP stalemate on  NCP core committee meets
Sparc Systems to hold board meetingSparc Systems to hold board meeting
Sanjay G. Dhande  C. Balakrishnan cease to be directors of Neyveli LigniteSanjay G. Dhande  C. Balakrishnan cease to be directors of Neyveli Lignite
How World Trade Organisation can solve India s subsidy issueHi Guest
Why WTO must reconsider India's subsidy stance
As the World Trade Organisation reconvenes to re-examine the issue of agriculture subsidies, the numbers alone suggest that India has a strong case for declining to sign the WTO's trade facilitation. The World Trade Organisation (WTO) is reconvening in the last week of September to examine the issue of agricultural subsidies against the backdrop of India's refusal to become a signatory to the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) at Bali. Since then, a lot of water has flowed under the bridge. The ...

Why is Indian car market so concentratedSep 24, 2014, 12.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Why is Indian car market so concentrated?
As of August, between them, Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai and Honda controlled a 70 percent market share in the domestic passenger vehicle market. This is strikingly different from trends seen in developed markets such as US or other emerging markets such as China where, in comparison, the top-three players hold less than 50 percent share.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why is Indian car market so concentrated?
As of August, between them, Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai and Honda controlled a 70 percent market share in the domestic passenger vehicle market. This is strikingly different from trends seen in developed markets such as US or other emerging markets such as China where, in comparison, the top-three players hold less than 50 percent share.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As of August, between them, Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai and Honda controlled a 70 percent market share in the domestic passenger vehicle market.
This is strikingly different from trends seen in developed markets such as US or other emerging markets such as China where, in comparison, the top-three players hold less than 50 percent share.
There are several reasons for this. The first being the entrenched nature of market leader Maruti Suzuki, which accounts for slightly less than half the market share.
The company derives its strength from strong brand recognition and a wide dealership network, which originates from its pre-liberalization hegemony when it was a state-owned company, and which rivals have found difficult to match.
In contrast, the US’ top player GM commanded 17.2 percent in its local market in August 2014, while Volkswagen-SAIC held about 15 percent in China.
Another reason is that the evolution of the Indian auto market has been very different compared to other countries.
For instance, egged on by duty benefits provided by the government to promote smaller cars, hatchbacks have an outsized market share in the Indian market, with every one in two passenger vehicle sold being one.
In China, more than half the cars sold are sedans, the picture is same in markets such as Russia.
Thus has meant that several European and American carmakers, used to making bigger cars for their traditional markets, have found it difficult to crack the small-car code in India.
At the same time, Suzuki, a relatively small player in the global market, went on to add to its strength by launching a slew of small car models throughout the past decade before its rivals could chalk out plans to tweak their strategies to suit the Indian context.
The rise in petrol prices over the past few years too signaled a sudden shift towards increased sales of diesel vehicles in the small-car segment -- again something that many companies could not adjust to quickly.
Maruti, on the other hand, was quick to adjust to the shift introducing diesel versions of its vehicles sourcing engines from Fiat, even as the company itself did not have the bandwidth, till recently, to manufacture diesel engines.
The failure of the non-Asian players is stark in India: American giants such as Ford or Europe’s Fiat have been in India for well over a decade but have failed to make a mark.
Even recent entrants such as Renault or Volskwagen have found it difficult to achieve strong sales growth.
This is a far cry from other markets, where increasing competition has consistently eaten into market share off the top players and increased fragmentation.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On November 21, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3348.80, up Rs 13.50, or 0.40 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3397.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.57. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.82.
RELATED NEWS

Motorola starts selling new Moto X on Flipkart from midnight  priced at Rs 31 999Motorola starts selling new Moto X on Flipkart from midnight, price starts at Rs 31,999
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
 

Catch all the behind-the-scene fun from the SLAM tourCelebrity
SLAM: Fun behind-the-scene
While the artists created frenzy as soon as they landed in Houston, a lot of fans have come to watch SLAM The Tour from India, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and from different American states.
You might also like:
SLAM! The Tour: SRK and Deepika perform live
The dance tour which kicked off on 19th September had Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Malaika Arora Khan, Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah, Kanika Kapoor and Yo Yo ... more 
The dance tour which kicked off on 19th September had Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Malaika Arora Khan, Farah Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah, Kanika Kapoor and Yo Yo Honey Singh performing on their popular songs. less 
1 / 26
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 1:30 PM IST

White tiger kills youth in Delhi zooEYE BROWSE
White tiger kills youth in Delhi zoo
Eye witnesses say the barricade at the zoo was too low while the curator claims the youth jumped into the tiger's cage.
Yahoo India –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old boy was on Tuesday killed by a white tiger after he jumped into the animal's cage in Delhi Zoo, an official said.
"The youth himself jumped into the tiger's cage. We are trying to ascertain his identity," R.A. Khan, curator, National Zoological Park, Delhi, told IANS.
The tiger mauled the youth, who was later identified as Maqsood, killing him. The tragic incident occurred at around 1.30 pm.
According to TV reports, some eye witnesses present on the spot claim the barricade at the zoo was too low. The boy accidentally fell into the tiger's enclosure as he attempted to get a closer look at the carnivore.
The tiger latched on to the student's neck over the barricade.
Eye-witnesses say there were no security guards around the tiger's enclosure. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Reeling under payment crisis  FTIL to exit bourse businessE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Despite its difficulties  India a valuable market for VodafoneDespite its difficulties, India a valuable market for Vodafone
Surajeet Das Gupta & Sounak Mitra | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:56 AM IST
It will be difficult for Vodafone's global chief executive Vittorio Colao, making his first official visit to India since a new central government took charge earlier this year, to miss the country's significance in the British telecom major's international operations. According to publicly available data, 38 per cent of Vodafone's 434-million subscriber base is in India, and the country accounted for £4.4 billion (over 10 per cent) of its global turnover in 2013-14.
Marten Pieters, the India CEO of Vodafone, which is embroiled in a Rs 20,000-crore tax dispute here, recently raised concerns over difficulties in doing business in the country. But India's contribution to Vodafone's global revenue is more than that of either Italy (£4.3 billion) or Spain (£3.5 billion), and only a little less than the company's turnover from its Africa operations through Vodacom (£4.7 billion).
Also, 18 per cent of the company's staff operates out of India - the most in a country and more than even the UK headquarters' strength of 16 per cent of all employees.
Pieters' reservations might have emanated from the fact that the telco does not make much money in India. But Vodafone's Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margin, a key indicator of a telecom firm's performance, for its Indian operations is a reasonable 31.8 per cent - more than its global average of 29.4 per cent.
Interestingly, Vodafone's margins in India are higher than those in the UK (22.1 per cent), Spain (22.4 per cent), other Europe (31.4 per cent) and close to Germany (32.6 per cent). The company has, in fact, acknowledged this in its annual report by saying it saw its Ebitda margins grow only in India and Australia in 2013-14; there was a decline in most other markets.
Besides, India also happens to be a market where Vodafone has kept pace with competitors and not yielded any ground. During the April-June quarter, the company increased its subscriber base in the country by 3.3 million. By comparison, Bharti Airtel, the country's largest cellular operator, added 3.8 million incremental users, while Idea Cellular added 3.2 million.
While Bharti Airtel's revenue from mobile services in India increased 10 per cent in the June quarter to Rs 12,752 crore, Vodafone India reported 10.3 per cent organic growth in revenue to £1.02 billion (about Rs 10,323 crore).
At the end of March, Vodafone India's average revenue per user (arpu) stood at Rs 199, higher than Bharti Airtel's India mobile arpu at Rs 196. Also, in terms of revenue share in the mobile market, Vodafone's share in the March quarter rose to 23.4 per cent from 23 per cent in the year-ago period.
In terms of profits, India accounted for 4.4 per cent of Vodafone's global adjusted operating profit (AOP) in 2013. The country's contribution to the AOP, of £354 million, was higher than those of the UK (£187 million) and Spain (£181 million), but much lower than Germany or Italy. That is understandable because the company is still in the investment phase in India and has paid a huge amount to buy spectrum here. In 2013-14, Vodafone spent over £0.7 billion to part-pay for the spectrum it had bought from auctions earlier.
The British telecom giant is facing a tax dispute of about Rs 20,000 crore in India because of a retrospective taxation rule brought by the previous government. The dispute between Vodafone Plc and the Indian government, over a liability of more than Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on the company's 2007 acquisition of Hutchison Whampoa's stake in Hutchison Essar, has also led to negative perception about ease of doing business in the country. Since efforts for conciliation between the two sides have not materialised, the dispute will now be resolved through arbitration. Pieters had earlier said the government needed to rationalise taxation across industries, including the heavily taxed telecommunications sector.

Curbs on tax inversions fail to convinceCurbs on tax inversions fail to convince
By Barney Jopson in Washington, Andrew Ward in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d8444fa-4338-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:54 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:50 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Saradha group chairman, Sudipta Sen, held meetings with Trinamool Congress general secretary, Mukul Roy, and MP Subhendu Adhikari days before escaping from Kolkata in April 2013 when his chit fund empire was crumbling all around him, Sen's driver Arvind Singh Chauhan said on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Chauhan was speaking to the media just after walking out on bail from a jail.
Though there were speculation in many circles that Roy had met Sen before he escaped from the city, this is the first time that somebody came forward to state publicly.
"I drove Sudipta Sen to the Nizam Palace office of Mukul Roy on April 5. Two days later, on April 7, Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen's office at Midland Park," said Chauhan. He also said the meeting went on for about an hour.
"Another Saradha agent of South 24 Parganas, Arindam das was also present in the meeting between Sudipta Sen and Aubhendu Adhikari on April 7," added Chauhan.
After Chauhan's allegation, while Mukul Roy kept mum, Adhikari told the media that he would move a defamation case against Chauhan.
Incidentally, Chauhan drove the car in which Sudipta Sen escaped from Kolkata on April 9. He was arrested with Sudipta Sen and Debjani Mukherjee on April 21, 2013 from Sonemarg in J&K.
Chauhan was caustic after walking out on bail. "I did not hatch any conspiracy, nor was I a part of any. All the conspirators are roaming free," remarked Chauhan on Tuesday afternoon.
Minutes after, Chauhan went to the CBI office on his own. He also told the media that he has shared all details with the CBI investigators.
Chauhan used to work for Saradha at the Delhi office and was summoned to Kolkata on April 4.
"On April 9, Sen told me that we are going out on some work. But I had no idea that he was escaping," Chauhan also commented.

WPP invests in Chinese ecommerce groupSeptember 23, 2014 11:19 pm
WPP partners with Chinese ecommerce company Polestar
By Chares Clover in Beijing and Robert Cookson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55f7fec8-4312-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC to decide fate of coal blocks today  top companies keep their fingers crossedSC to decide fate of coal blocks today, top companies keep fingers crossed
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 06:12 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:20 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
India's top private and government companies in key industries - power, steel and cement - are keeping their fingers crossed, fearing cancellation of coal mines allotted to them years ago.
The Supreme Court will deliver on Wednesday its verdict on how 193 coal blocks "illegally" allocated between 1993 and 2010 should be treated.
The apex court had said last month the coal blocks were allocated illegally and arbitrarily since  by various regimes at the Centre on the recommendation of a bureaucrats' panel.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
The court, which had condemned the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings, however, had stopped short of cancelling them, saying, "what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled".
Now, the fate of 193 mines, some of which were given about two decades ago and haven't started hauling coal yet, hang in balance.
The potential investments that may get affected together could top Rs. 2 lakh crore.
Companies that could take a hit include Vedanta, Essar, Jindal Steel and Power, JSW, NTPC, SAIL and Hindalco, among others.
The government's top lawyer, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi, had told the court earlier this month that if all blocks are cancelled, state giant Coal India be allowed to take over active mines, or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks are re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
The apex court's verdict will make it clear whether these blocks would be re-allocated or will be just asked to pay a penalty.
States such as Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh have written to the Centre, requesting it not to consider re-allocation of coal blocks in its suggestions to the court, as it would lead to escalation in the cost of mining.
(With Agency inputs)

http://usat.ly/1uXPLMqFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box
Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the U.K. just concocted a single, gigantic box the holds 2,400 doughnuts. That's right, a double hundred dozen. The box
Post to Facebook
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the U.K. just concocted a single, gigantic box the holds 2,400 doughnuts. That's right, a double hundred dozen. The box Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uyie9e
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 7:24 a.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Krispy Kreme UK delivered a 'Double Hundred Dozen' box of its famous doughnuts to one lucky Twitter winner. Whether you want it or not, Mara Montalbano (@maramontalbano) has the calorie count. Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
Krispy Kreme employees load a truck with a box holding 2,400 doughnuts.
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
100532 CONNECT 753 TWEET 192 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the United Kingdom just concocted a single, gigantic box that holds 2,400 doughnuts.
That's right, a doughnut box big enough to fit the bakers who baked the doughnuts, too.
When the box, which is about 11.4 feet by 3 feet, was delivered late last week to a Krispy Kreme contest-winning company that tweeted most about the promo, it required eight Krispy Kreme employees to deliver it, said Judith Denby, chief marketing officer at Krispy Kreme U.K.
"I was there — it's a very, very big box," said Gemma Vardon, director at Krispy Kreme's U.K. PR agency, The Academy.  Unfortunately, no one weighed the box, so its weight remains a mystery.  But its price — if one were to be sold — is not a mystery. That would be about $2,600 U.S. dollars, Vardon said.
Behind all this: Krispy Kreme's U.K. PR machine working in overdrive.  The brand simply wanted to promote the fact that it was creating a new "Krispy Kreme Occasions" division that would customize doughnut offerings for corporate events or special occasions such as weddings and other celebrations.  The division sells doughnut "towers" for special events or even personalized doughnuts with customized, chocolate name plates or corporate logos.
There are no plans to create another box of 2,400 doughnuts, but Krispy Kreme U.K. will sell you 100 of the so-called Double-Dozen boxes for about $2,600, said Vardon.
The company that won the big box, 360 Resourcing Solutions, celebrated in an appropriate way: tweeting a picture of Homer Simpson salivating.
That kind of "social currency" is precisely what Krispy Kreme ordered up with this promo, said brand guru Erich Joachimsthaler, CEO of Vivaldi Partners Group. Even on social media, he said, "everyone deserves a smile break."
A woman snaps a photograph of Krispy Kreme's giant box of 2,400 doughnuts on Sept. 22 in North London, England. The Double Hundred Dozen box of doughnuts was prepared by eight staff members at the Enfield Hotlight store. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Workers load a giant box of Krispy Kreme doughnuts into a truck. The giant box was the prize in a Twitter contest designed to promote the company's new catering service in the United Kingdom. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
A giant box of 2,400 doughnuts is loaded at the Enfield Hotlight store. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Workers at the Enfield Hotlight store pose with the box of 2,400 doughnuts. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
A worker stands with a Krispy Kreme box filled with 2,400 doughnuts. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Very bullish on Indian mkts for next 2 yrs: ...bull market
("I am extremely bullish…)
ET Now caught up with Jim Walker, Founder, Asianomics Group, for his views on the market, possible impacts of a rate hike by the Fed, and the overall India story. Excerpts:
ET Now: A month ago you were one of the most optimistic voices on India. You believed that the bull market is well underway, and may last for the next three or four years and every dip should be bought in. I am guessing you still hold that perspective?
Jim Walker: Yes, and it is not just for the last month, but the last 11 months that we have been telling people to do that. I think we will be telling people to do that for the next 24 months at the very least.
ET Now: And this view would hold irrespective of the kind of direction the market takes? My simple question is, if we were to scale up by another 20-25% over the course of the next 12-odd months, would you still be extremely bullish on India?
Jim Walker: I would still be extremely bullish. Our view has always been that it is the start of a five-year — may be even a 10-year — business up cycle in the Indian economy. It will give plenty of time to enter the up cycle and it really does not matter whether the markets were going up 30% in the last year or not.
The story will last for the next 5 to 10 years. Therefore, we would be looking at it closely over the course of the next few years.
The people managing global money have not put their money in India at all yet. We have seen regional funds and emerging market funds coming in, but the global money has not arrived yet. There is still a long way to go for the business cycle upswing in India.
ET Now: Would you hold this view despite the expectation of possible rate hikes in the US, which everybody believes could be a trigger for a sell-off across emerging markets like India?
Jim Walker: I think those fears are over-blown. If the US rates rise at a point where India will be cutting rates, then that should be a very strong incentive for people to leave the American market, and come and enter the Indian markets.
In fact, I expect that these developed countries — specifically the US — tightening monetary policy is going to be very good news for emerging markets. This will become apparent in the corporate earnings and the growth potential of those emerging markets.
That is a great story. Therefore, India at the moment has nothing to worry about interest rate differentials or US interest rate hikes.
ET Now: We hear a lot of global speakers talk about the timeline for rate hikes in 2015. The consensus is bordering midway through 2015 for possible rate hikes. But the Fed has not committed to a timeline yet. They are saying that it is still data-dependent. Having assessed the data, can we say that 2015 may well be a year where we won't see any rate hikes at all?
Jim Walker: I completely agree with you. People are way ahead of the game here as regards rate hikes. Personally, I would like to see rate hikes in the US and normalisation of interest rates.
It is not because of anything other than that zero interest rates are terribly debilitating in my view. Economic growth in markets makes people take chances or risks that they would not otherwise take.
Zero interest rate dissuades people from investing in real capacity, because it is a signal telling them there is no growth coming. So, I would definitely like interest rates to rise.
But I do not trust the people who run the Fed. Likewise, I do not trust many people who run central banks. And my guess is that interest rates will be exactly where they are today — a year and may be 18 months from today.
 
ET Now: How then do you explain the dollar strength right now in anticipation of rate hikes? Do you think that could reverse midway through next year, which would essentially mean that the rupee and other emerging market currencies could benefit?
Jim Walker: Currencies tend to anticipate moves, even if some of those anticipations turn out wrong at times.
At the moment, this dollar strength has materialised on the back of the anticipation that interest rates will be close to 1.5% in the US by this time next year.
At the same time of course, they are facing real problems in Europe. There is the likelihood of a further fall in the euro, not because of US interest rate hikes, but simply because of the weakness of the European economy. There is the possibility of a potential collapse of one or two countries within the Eurozone.
Japan too is going nowhere fast, despite all of the hype about Abenomics and that will continue to weaken its currency relative to the euro, which is potentially one if its biggest competitors.
So, part of the reason for the US strength is the weakness in other parts of the developed world. Another factor, of course, is the anticipation of the monetary tightening that probably would not come. So, there is downside to the dollar in my view over the course of the next six months.

Red or green Sensex flip-flops; Suzlon slips 5%: top stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex off from highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 10.46AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its morning gains and turned choppy in mid-morning trade on Wednesday. The index got support from some bit of buying seen in ITC, HUL , Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band, supported by gains in FMCG and pharma stocks.
"The market which till recently was set to enter a new orbit suddenly seems to have lost fuel. A correction was always on the cards. The F&O expiry and weak global cues added to the choppiness," said IIFL report.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
M&M Ltd: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 1360.
Hindalco, JSPL: The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made.
At 10:10 a.m.; Hindalco was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 155.85 and JSPL was down 2.4 per cent to Rs 205.70.
Jet Airways Ltd: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities. The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.1 per cent higher at Rs 221.50.
Venus Remedies Ltd: Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY'18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 279.50.
Reliance Industries Ltd: The Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed Michael Kirby, a former judge of the Australian High Court, as the third arbitrator who will preside over a three-member arbitral panel which would adjudicate the cost recovery row between the Indian government and RIL on the KG-D6 block.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.13 per cent lower at Rs 964.80.
JSW Energy Ltd: JSW Energy on Tuesday said one of its joint ventures has received the environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 75.35.
Thermax Ltd: Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 922.15.
DLF Ltd: DLF Ltd is in the process of acquiring the 40% economic interest of promoters Kushal Pal Singh and his family in its rental business DLF Assets Pvt Ltd through a share swap deal, two persons familiar with the transaction said.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 155.80.
SBI: State Bank of India , the country's biggest lender, is likely to put on hold the plan to merge some of its subsidiary banks with itself, as it does not see "value" in the move in the current fiscal.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 2565.
SAIL: Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) is finalizing a plan to nearly double steelmaking capacity to 50 million tonne (mt) by 2025 at an investment of Rs 1,50,000 crore. In step with a planned hike in capacity, the company said it has secured a 30-year mining lease from union mines ministry for iron ore at Dhul khera village, in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 70.85.
Pidilite Industries: Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent higher at Rs 396.50.
Essar Oil: In a reprieve to Essar Oil in the Gujarat sales tax case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted further six months to pay the last installment of R671 crore, including interest, towards its outstanding sales tax liability, to the Gujarat government, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading flat at Rs 117.55.
HCC Ltd: Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) said on Tuesday it is in discussions with the Piramal Group, along with several others, for the sale of three road projects in West Bengal as part of the group's de-leveraging exercise, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 36.50.
India Cements: India Cements on Tuesday said it plans to demerge its IPL franchisee - Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - into a wholly-owned subsidiary as part of its plan to make it one of the major sporting franchises in the world. A board meeting will be held on September 26 to ratify the same, said media reports.
At 10:10 a.m.; the stock was trading 5 per cent lower at Rs 115.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oracle Fin plunges 12% on ex-dividend dayFinancial Services
(The board of directors of…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Oracle Financial Services Software ended nearly 13 per cent lower today amid huge selling pressure as the stock went ex-dividend.
Oracle Financial Services' scrip tumbled 12.89 per cent to settle at Rs 3,448.30 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 13.57 per cent to Rs 3,421.05.
Marketmen said profit-booking pulled down the stock. The board of directors of the software company had on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each.
The record date for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
The interim dividend will be paid to the equity shareholders of the company on or before September 29, 2014, Oracle Financial Services had said in a BSE filing yesterday.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
An ex-dividend is classification of trading shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metal  power  bank stocks down ahead of SC verdict on coal blocksMetal  power  bank stocks down ahead of SC verdict on coal blocks
CARE turns ex-dividend today; stock dips 6%CARE turns ex-dividend today; stock dips 6%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 11:52 AM IST
Shares of Credit Analysis and Research (CARE) have dipped nearly 6% to Rs 1,476 on BSE after the stock turned ex-dividend for Rs 75 per share today.
The board of directors of the credit rating agency firm at its meeting held on September 15, 2014, had declared a special dividend of Rs 65 per equity share of Rs 10 each for financial year 2014-2015.
The aforesaid special dividend (interim dividend 2) for the financial year 2014-2015 will be paid to the shareholders on or before October 14, 2014, CARE said in a regulatory filing.
The company fixed book closure from September 26, 2014 to September 29, 2014 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of payment of special dividend (interim dividend 2) and final dividend for the financial year 2013-14.
The board at its meeting held on May 20, 2014 had recommended a final dividend of Rs 10 per equity share of face value of Rs 10 each for the financial year 2013-14.
The stock opened at Rs 1,500 and touched a high of Rs 1,517 on BSE.  A combined around 36,000 shares changed hands on the counter till noon deals on BSE and NSE.

Entrepreneurs ask US to accelerate visa reformYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Entrepreneurs ask US to accelerate visa reform
Krithika Krishnamurthy & Evelyn Fok, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 12.08PM IST
Tags:
Jonathon Nelson
(The entrepreneurs spend…)
BANGALORE: Two of the best-known startup accelerators in the United States are appointing specialists to help immigrant entrepreneurs enrolled in their programmes navigate visa regulations in the country. Silicon Valley's Y Combinator and Hackers and Founders are among several investors and entrepreneurs who are lobbying with the US government to hasten the reform of immigration laws as they seek to deepen ties with overseas entrepreneurs, including those from India.
"It's a handicap. The entrepreneurs spend so much of their time filing documents and trying to get visas when other founders can spend that time building their company," said Kathrina Manalac, partner at Y Combinator. The accelerator, which has backed home rental service Airbnb and cloud storage service provider Dropbox, has so far picked four Indian startups for its three-month long incubation programme. It offers advisory services on visa processes for entrepreneurs and also engages with government to ease regulation.
For Indians, this is an old problem in a new garb. While software engineers have always scrambled to obtain H-1B work permits that allow them to work in the offices of clients in the US, it is now the turn of startup entrepreneurs who are struggling to enter and stay in the United States for business.
For many of them, the US is a magnet largely due to its seemingly limitless supply of venture capital , a strong mentor network and a large base of tech-savvy customers.
"This year alone at least (two) dozen companies have moved to set up shop in the US,' said Ravi Gururaj , chairman of Nasscom Product Council.
Once they reach there, the situation is not so rosy.
Typically, an entrepreneur moving to the United States for the first time has to travel on a B-1 visa. The 10-year, multiple-entry visa permits entry but does not allow the holder to run a business or claim residency. According to the US Department of State, 18.7% of Indian applicants were refused B-1 visas in 2013.
"It is such a big issue here. We have someone who spends all his time lobbying with Washington officials," said Jonathon Nelson , founder of Hackers and Founders, which also has a chapter in Pune.
Since 2010, the startup community in the US has been lobbying for passage of what is called the Startup Visa Act. If it becomes law it will grant migrants a green card after two years upon meeting certain conditions regarding job creation and financing. The act has been stalled in Congress twice, and is yet to make progress. "This discussion has always gotten caught up with the bigger comprehensive immigration reform issue. We have no idea when that might happen," said Manu Kumar, a serial entrepreneur and investor who has been in the US since 1992. He said the problem is very real, even for startups which originate from Singapore, Ireland, and various other countries.
Kumar is part of a coalition of prominent venture capitalists who are lobbying to pass the act, which also includes Eric Ries of "Lean Startup" fame and super angel Dave McClure, founder of business incubator 500Startups.
Meanwhile entrepreneurs caught in the crossfire are looking for alternatives like acquiring an L1 visa, which allows them to extend their stay and run a business.
"It's obviously a bummer of sorts if someone has an amazing idea to generate employment and services and help the local economy, and there's a market for it, but they simply can't," said Lakshmi Narayan, chief executive of social media benchmarking firm Unmetric, whose company is registered in the US. Some like Anshuman Bapna of trip planning company Mygola said it becomes impossible to take customer meetings at a short notice when on a B-1 visa. Bapna makes regular trips to the US on his B-1 visa, and is just about getting ready to apply for an L-1 as he goes into the next phase of building his company.
Industry lobby Nasscom is of the view that it is up to the United States to push for progress on the Startup Visa Act.
"We hope the US government will simplify the ease of doing business for Indian entrepreneurs in their country," said Sangeeta Gupta, Nasscom's spokeswoman.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry set to launch its new smartphone ...BlackBerry set to launch new smartphone 'Passport' as turnaround enters critical phase
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 11.39AM IST
0
Share More
The one-time smartphone industry pioneer recently concluded a three-year long restructuring process and has largely halted the bleed.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TORONTO: BlackBerry is set to launch an unconventional new smartphone dubbed the Passport on Wednesday, as it embarks on potentially the most critical phase of its long turnaround.
The one-time smartphone industry pioneer recently concluded a three-year long restructuring process and has largely halted the bleed, but it is now up to Chief Executive John Chen to prove that the company's new devices and services are capable of generating sustainable new streams of revenue and returning it to profitability.
"BlackBerry is still fighting for survival. They still need to turn around and develop a viable ongoing business model," said Morningstar analyst Brian Colello.
"Their products are certainly pointing toward that and the new strategy makes sense, but there is still a lot of execution risk at this point in a very competitive market."
BlackBerry is set to launch the Passport early on Wednesday in Toronto, with simultaneous events also being held in London and Dubai.
The launch of the Passport, which boasts a big square screen and a unique touch-sensitive tactile keyboard, will kick off a frenzied spell for Waterloo, Ontario-based BlackBerry. The company is set to report fiscal second-quarter results on Friday and within a couple of months it is also expected to launch the long-awaited BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to its once wildly popular Bold smartphone.
"BlackBerry just needs one hit phone for now," Colello said. "It doesn't quite matter whether it is the Passport, the Classic or anything else, but they do need one device to jump-start the hardware business again. The big question really is whether any of these devices will kick-start it."
The company is hoping the Classic and the launch of its new mobile device management system - BlackBerry Enterprise Service 12 (BES12) - will help it claw back ground ceded to rivals in both the hardware and services market.
The BES 12 platform will allow IT managers at large firms and government agencies to not only manage and secure BlackBerry devices, but also all Android, iOS and Windows-based devices on one platform.
Chen, a well-regarded turnaround expert in the tech sector, intends to remain a competitor in the smartphone arena, but is focused on reshaping the company to build on its core strengths in areas like mobile data security and mobile device management.
BlackBerry is betting that the enhanced security features on its BES 12 platform, coupled with a range of value-added services, will help revive revenue growth and stem its slide.
"BES12 is the most important product launch, as it is needed to stem the service revenue decline," Scotiabank analyst Daniel Chan said in a note to clients on Tuesday.

Thermax JV wins export order worth Rs 339 croreSep 24, 2014, 02.32 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Thermax JV wins export order worth Rs 339 crore
The engineering solutions providing company has already started with the order process, and expects to complete 1st unit of order within 21 months, says MS Unnikrishnan, MD, Thermax.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Thermax JV wins export order worth Rs 339 crore
The engineering solutions providing company has already started with the order process, and expects to complete 1st unit of order within 21 months, says MS Unnikrishnan, MD, Thermax.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Thermax Limited  rallied as much as 6.9 percent in early trade on Wednesday after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Limited and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) won an export order valued at approximately Rs 339 crore.
The export order involves detailed engineering, manufacturing, boiler pressure parts to execute 2x300 MW boiler project. In addition, the scope of work includes supply of ancillary items like valves and dampers, says MS Unnikrishnan, MD, Thermax in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
The engineering solutions providing company has already started with the order process, and expects to complete 1st unit of order within 21 months, he adds.
Also read:  Expect order book to improve marginally by Q2-end: Thermax
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Could you tell us the kind of order you have won and how much would it add to your revenue and bottomline?
A: This is an order taken by our joint venture partner Babcock & Wilcox, the American company. They have won a project for executing 2x360 mega watts thermal power plant boiler in one of the Central American countries and a part of that work is given to the joint venture between Thermax and Babcock & Wilcox in India, which is for the engineering and detail engineering to be done in India and also to manufacture the core of the boiler that is pressure parts for the boilers. This entire order on the Indian joint venture company that is Thermax Babcock & Wilcox is worth Rs 339 crore and the advance is already received. We have started the engineering activity. We should be predominantly completing it by Q4 of the current year and the manufacturing will follow there afterwards and the entire manufacturing should be completed in the coming year and this entire revenue will be registered on the balance sheet of the Indian joint venture that is Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Limited.
Q: How many more orders can we expect from this joint venture?
A: This joint venture is predominantly meant for the Indian market where the power sector is not in the best of conditions. It’s in a limbo. As it comes out of it we will start getting orders for the larger boilers in India. We will certainly be bidding for it. However, we will continue supporting the joint venture partners in America who will bid for projects anywhere in the world and if they were to be winning any of them I am sure there will certainly be back to back support available to this in terms of engineering orders as well as supply orders.
Q: What kind of margins would you enjoy in these orders?
A: Those are subject to international transport prices. I am not allowed to be talking about that.
Q: In the interim, would you incrementally increase your focus on export orders to bid for them?
A: Certainly.
Q: What would that pipeline look like?
A: Not substantial because the reason that India and China are two countries where larger capacity power plant are currently under installation or will remain the same for another decade or so. There are pockets in Africa, there are pockets in South America as well as south east Asia where there is power development happening, so certainly B&W maybe participating in many of these countries. So, it depends upon, if they will, we will also have a role to play in that.
Thermax stock price
On November 21, 2014, Thermax closed at Rs 1058.00, up Rs 9.15, or 0.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1095.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 615.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 25.17 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 42.03. The latest book value of the company is Rs 169.94 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 6.23.
RELATED NEWS

Amtek to focus on non-auto biz like mining  oil gasThe target we have kept for ourselves is a double digit growth in the next fiscal and we have high visibility of it. Our order booking cycles are much in advance of the period in which we supply.
Gautam Malhotra
Director
Ahmednagar Forgings
Gautam Malhotra, MD,  Amtek Auto and director Ahmednagar Forging   says the company has shifted its focus to non-auto businesses like mining, oil and gas, and pumps and valves.
"The key levers of our non-auto strategy are segments are going to be tractors, construction equipment and going forward it is going to be railways, oil and gas and the new entrants are going to be pumps, valves and mining segment," he adds
On the auto front, he says, currently the slowdown in the commercial vehicle side seems to have been arrested. The industry is seeing significant consolidation driven by supply chain as well as OEMs, which has helped growth in order book position, adds Malhotra.
There is signifcant traction on the tractor side. Contribution from railways business too has improved. He expects a contributing to increase from 10 to 18 percent from railways.
Malhotra expects a double-digit growth for the group in the next fiscal.
Moreover, he expects margins also to see an upside of 50-70 basis points going forward. "As the sales increase, the capacity utilisation is also going to improve. As the capacity utilisation improves the operating leverage should kick-in and take the margin higher," says Malhotra.
The company's financial  year ends in September.
Below is the transcript of Gautam Malhotra’s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Concentrating on Ahmednagar Forgings -what is leading to the strong growth momentum that we have seen. In the previous quarter you had a revenue jump of 79 percent on a year-on-year (YoY) basis. What led to the momentum and do you think that will sustain?
A: We spoke about it last time as well. The main thing is last year we had a major slowdown in the commercial vehicle (CV) segment, which continued to the beginning of this year. However, currently we are seeing a kind of arrest in the decline of the CV market.
Also, the company’s focus has more or less started shifting towards the non-auto business. We have been growing revenue share in that business. We spoke about the mining segment; we won our first order over there and we are going into production in that. We also continue to focus on the pumps and valves, and the oil and gas business. We are seeing a significant traction on the tractor side.
Also, another thing that we spoke about in the past is that there has been some significant consolidation in the industry driven by both the supply chain as well as the original equipment manufacturer’s (OEM) themselves and that is leading to a good traction in the order book for us.
Anuj: I was just looking at your last quarter numbers and they were spectacular but the margins fell a bit from above 27 percent to 26.5 percent. What is the likely trajectory for that from hereon?
A: As the sales increase, the capacity utilisation is also going to improve. As the capacity utilisation improves the operating leverage should kick-in and take the margin higher. So, we are expecting at least 50-70 bps upside from here going forward in the shorter term.
Ekta: Can you just elaborate a little in terms of what the non-auto segment comprises of, whether the margins are higher in terms of the non-auto segment and what is the revenue momentum or trajectory that we can expect from that segment in particular for the next fiscal considering that you are a September ending company?
A: We are very categoric in our definition of auto and non-auto and the definition does vary across geographies. So, anything that is passenger cars, two wheelers or commercial vehicle is the final auto in our company, and anything apart from that is non-auto.
The key levers of our non-auto strategy are segments that can capitalise on the core capabilities of the group which for Ahmednagar Forging is going to be forging machining. So, the key levers are going to be tractors, construction equipment and going forward it is going to be railways, oil and gas and the new entrants are going to be pumps, valves and mining segment.
Anuj: Railways is something that I wanted to focus on. What kind of contribution do you expect from railways say in next three to five years? What is the current contribution and what is the likely contribution say over next three to five years?
A: Currently railways is constituting just about 10 percent in the Ahmednagar Forging business. Going forward we expect it to increase to 15-18 percent mark and that is going to be a key focus area for us.
We do a lot of mechanical components on the engine side in here in Ahmednagar Forging as well as we do some support items like anchor shackle support. So, we expect the contribution to go significantly in this segment.
Ekta: Working with your nine month figures; you did around Rs 1774 crore this fiscal, do you think that you can better that significantly in the coming fiscal? Give us a sense in terms of what the numbers or maybe the percentage growth would look like for you for this coming fiscal?
A: I can’t be very specific about numbers over here but the target we have kept for ourselves is a double digit growth in the next fiscal and we have high visibility of it. In our business our order booking cycles are much in advance of the period in which we supply. So, once you have a good visibility, there is a very good likelihood that we will hit our numbers.
Ekta: When you say double digit do you think it will be above 50 percent - Give us a sense in terms of whether it would be teens, 20s, 30s or 40s – what would it look like?
A: It would be in the teens. I think that was one of the low base effect as well as a good traction on the new orders in the new segments we had come in. So, it is going to be the teens.
Anuj: From the Amtek Group we have three or four listed companies, any plans of restructuring? You have taken one in the past but anything that is on the anvil?
A: As a group we do think about it. I think the process in India is slightly a long process. However, with the new Companies Act coming in, there have been some changes to the process which we need more clarity on. Once those rules and regulations are formulated we will be able to formulate a plan as well.
Hopefully, as has been promised in the new Companies Act, the process would become shorter and simpler. So, we are just waiting that out.
Amtek Auto stock price
On November 21, 2014, Amtek Auto closed at Rs 206.70, down Rs 1.25, or 0.6 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 272.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 62.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.68 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.11. The latest book value of the company is Rs 217.78 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.95.
RELATED NEWS

WhatsApp-ing of childbirth lands gynaecologists in troubleWhatsApp-ing of childbirth lands gynaecologists in trouble
KPM Basheer
3 doctors booked under tough IT Act Sections
Kochi, Sept:  
In perhaps the first such case in India, two gynaecologists and an anaesthetist who allegedly captured on the mobile phone their patient’s childbirth in the operation theatre and uploaded the video clipping on WhatsApp, are facing immediate arrest.
The three Government doctors, who have been booked under the Information Technology Act as well as the Indian Penal Code, have already been suspended from service.
The doctors at the taluk hospital at Payyannur in Kannur district on July 18 caught on a mobile phone the childbirth of a woman on whom they had performed a Ceasarian-section surgery. The woman gave birth to triplets.
The doctors uploaded the childbirth video on the WhatsApp messaging system, which later went viral. Under the IT Act this is a grievous offence. Two private TV channels aired the video clipping, causing deep embarrassment to the woman and her family. The family members staged a protest in front of the taluk hospital over the weekend and also complained to the Government authorities and the police.
The Payyannur police registered a case under Section 354 of the Indian Penal Code (for outraging the modesty of a woman) and under Sections 66E (for violation of privacy) and 67 (for publishing obscene information) of the IT Act.
The three doctors, if convicted, face punishment of several years in jail as the IT Act is very tough on offenders. Section 66 E of the IT Act proposes a punishment of up to three years in jail (for “intentionally or knowingly captures, publishes or transmits image of a private area of any person without his or her consent, under circumstances violating the privacy of that person.”)
However, the punishment proposed for an offence under Section 67 (for “publishing of information which is obscene in electronic form”) is even harder. The Section says: “Whoever publishes or transmits or causes to be published in electronic form any material which is lascivious or appeals to the prurient interest or if its effect is such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who are likely, having regard to all relevant circumstances, to read, see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it, shall be punished, on first conviction, with imprisonment of either description of a term which may extend to five years and with fine which may extend to one lakh rupees and, in the event of a second or subsequent conviction, with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years and also with fine which may extend to two lakh rupees.”
On Tuesday, the Kerala High Court rejected a petition by the doctors seeking a court directive to the police not to arrest them until the disposal of their bail petition, which will come up for hearing on September 30. The doctors stated that they had videoed the woman’s childbirth because the birth of triplets was very rare. Justice V.K. Mohanan, while rejecting the petition, orally observed that granting the doctors’ petition would send a wrong message to the public.
The event has aroused intense interest within the medical community and is being debated on the social media.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Centre  states should work together for nations development: PMPM calls for greater synergy between Centre and states
PTI
Tweet
Tumkur (Karnataka), Sept 24:  
Calling for greater synergy between the Centre and states, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asked Chief Ministers across the political spectrum not to allow political differences come in the way of nation building.
“Irrespective of the political parties they belong to, the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers will have to work together.
There can be different political parties, but the country is one. We have to move forward shoulder-to-shoulder,” Modi said at the launch of a food park here.
“Earlier, the states and the Centre either competed with or hated each other due to political reasons. Some states also felt ‘dushmani’ (animosity towards the Centre). The country can’t run like this. The states and the Centre will have to work as a team to take the country forward,” Modi added.
Modi’s remarks came against the backdrop of two Congress Chief Ministers — Prithviraj Chavan of Maharashtra and Haryana’s Bhupinder Singh Hooda — deciding to boycott his official functions after being booed by alleged BJP workers in the Prime Minister’s presence.
Congress had even asked its CMs and those of other Opposition parties to skip Modi’s functions unless BJP workers behaved properly.
However, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was present at today’s function.
Modi said he will be able to win the confidence of all Chief Ministers, irrespective of their political affiliation. .
“I will earn the confidence of all the states and their Chief Ministers in due course of time and see how we can benefit from the lateral spirit of federalism,” he said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 37 points; capital goods  realty stocks major losersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid weak European cues.
After falling over 215 points in the late afternoon trade after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocation, the 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 31 points at 26,744.69.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE index Nifty, after declining below the 8,000 mark by falling 67.05 points or 0.84 per cent to 7,950.05, ended the session at 8,002.40, down 15.15 points.
Brokers said that the selling pressure was witnessed soon after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks, allotted since 1993. Besides, persistent selling by foreign funds also dampened the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 1,185.17 crore yesterday, as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Among BSE sectoral indices, capital goods index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, followed by realty 1.69 per cent, consumer durables 1.27 per cent and banking 1.08 per cent. On the other hand, FMCG index was up 1.75 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.55 per cent and oil & gas 0.23 per cent.
Coal India, HUL, Cipla, ITC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SBIN, Tata Steel, L&T, BHEL and TCS.
Most European stocks fell as a measure of German business confidence dropped and the dollar weakened from a four-year high.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slid 0.1 per cent and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.1 per cent at 9:55 a.m. in London.
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Asus announces special Rs 1 500 festive offer for Fonepad 7 Dual Sim tabletE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Deepak Fertilisers: Updates on open offer to Mangalore Chemicals  shareholdersSep 24, 2014, 12.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deepak Fertilisers: Updates on open offer to Mangalore Chemicals' shareholders
JM Financial Institutional Securities on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd has informed this corrigendum announcement  with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deepak Fertilisers: Updates on open offer to Mangalore Chemicals' shareholders
JM Financial Institutional Securities on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd has informed this corrigendum announcement  with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers.
Post your opinion here
 
JM Financial Institutional Securities Ltd ("Manager to the Open Offer") or and on behalf of the SCM Soilfert Ltd (“Acquirer” / “SCM”) and Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd (“PAC” / “DFPCL”) has informed this  corrigendum announcement (“Corrigendum”) (Corrigendum to the Detailed Public Statement dated May 01, 2014 with respect to the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd ("Target Company"), pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended (“SEBI (SAST) Regulations”). This Corrigendum is to be read together with the public announcement issued on April 23, 2014 (“Public Announcement”) and the detailed public statement dated May 01, 2014 ("DPS") that was published on May 01, 2014 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.SEBI has issued its comments on the draft letter of offer dated May 08, 2014 (“DLoF”) to the Manager vide its letter dated July 15, 2014. Further, vide its letter dated July 24, 2014. SEBI has clarified that the tendering period shall commence within 12 (twelve) Working Days of the receipt of the last of the approvals of the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") by either the Acquirer or Zuari Ferlilisers and Chemicals Limited (“Competing Acquirer”). Accordingly, the Manager has dispatched the letter of offer (“LoF”) to the public shareholders whose name appeared on the register of members on the Identified Date in accordance with the timelines specified below on or before September 24, 2014, in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.Capitalised terms used herein but not specifically defined shall have the same meaning ascribed to such terms in the LoF.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

FACT CHECK: Obama s UN Speech Spins StatisticsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Air France says proposes to suspend Transavia Europe plansAir France says proposes to suspend Transavia Europe plans
Reuters
Tweet
PARIS, Sept 24:  
Air France denied comments by French Transport Minister Alain Vidalies that it had abandoned plans for its Transavia Europe unit, saying instead that the project was suspended pending further talks.
"There is no change in the negotiations that leads us to affirm that the Transavia Europe project is withdrawn," an airline spokesman said on Wednesday. "Our proposal remains to suspend this project and open a wide consultation, a wide dialogue with our social partners by the end of the year."
Vidalies earlier told RMC radio that the project had been withdrawn by management, and not simply suspended.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

CEO Vishal Sikka gets down to retaining talent at InfyInfosys aims for employee-friendly workplace as CEO allows staff to use social media on the job
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 14:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Vishal Sikka , the new CEO of Infosys, has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of the country's outsourcing business major: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of the domestic outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. However, Sikka, the company's first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
"These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the IT company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to the country's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a "quiet period" ahead of its interim earnings announcement on October 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered IT services firm is likely to post a 21 per cent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 per cent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro . A rate of 12-15 per cent is seen as normal in this industry.
IT services companies traditionally see higher attrition among employees who have been around for three to six years. Since most of the firms are built on identical business models, it is easy for young workers to hop between companies for projects, promotions or salary hikes.
"Employees can be replaced, but they have to understand the project, know the client and be comfortable with the team and boss. That takes time," said RK Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, which owns shares of Infosys.
Senior executives at Infosys said there was a push towards a more open culture, investing in personnel and getting managers closer to the ground.
"We must create an environment of empowerment, mutual support and trust," Sikka, a former senior executive at German software giant SAP AG, wrote in an email this month to employees seen by Reuters.
While some employees thought these symbolic changes were signs of good times to come, others await structural changes at the company.
"What will actually make a difference is pay hikes and better results. Access to Facebook and a dress code were never a concern when the company was doing well," said a former board member, who declined to be named.
(Reuters)

Haemorrhaging talent  Infosys new CEO allows staff to use Twitter  FacebookInfosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours.
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:36 pm
Infosys Ltd’s new CEO has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of India’s trailblazing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of India’s outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka, the company’s first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
“These changes might not look big or material, but he’s trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way,” said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company’s fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company’s 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to India’s $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients’ technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a “quiet period” ahead of its interim earnings announcement on Oct. 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 percent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood continued…

CCEA to take up natural gas price increase t...CCEA likely to take up natural gas price increase today
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 11.27AM IST
A four-member panel of bureaucrats from the ministries of oil, power, fertiliser and finance submitted a report last week on a new gas pricing mechanism.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) is likely to consider today raising natural gas prices amidst sharp difference between the oil ministry and power ministry over the quantum of increase.
The CCEA headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to meet this evening and revision in natural gas prices is listed as an agenda for the meeting, sources privy to the development said.
While the oil ministry is in favour of remunerative gas price that will encourage investments in exploration and production, power ministry does not want rates to be hiked by more than 25 per cent over the current price of $4.2 per million British thermal unit as a higher fuel cost will push up electricity tariff.
If the differences are not resolved, the CCEA may put-off a decision by a month, sources said.
In a case a decision is put-off today, the government will miss its own deadline of announcing a new rate by month end.
The previous UPA government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September end but if the CCEA fails to take a decision today, then that deadline will be missed as Modi will leave for US tomorrow afternoon.
Modi, who will launch the "Make in India " campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, will return in the evening of October 1.
A committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Two stocks linked to Mars mission gain up to 200% since probe launched; more gains seenYou are here: Home > Collections > Isro
Two stocks linked to Mars mission gain up to 200% since probe was launched; more upside seen
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 01.30PM IST
(India launched its first…)
NEW DELHI: Component suppliers to India's mission to Mars are back in focus, say analysts, after the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) successfully entered the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday.
A successful landing could further boost the shares of the concerned companies, analysts add.
India launched its first spacecraft to Mars on November 5 and since then, Walchandnagar Industries has gained nearly 200 per cent and Centum Electronics is up nearly three-fold.
At 7.17 am, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
"MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, announcing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation here.
The Mars Orbiter Mission cost $74 million or about three-quarters of the amount to make the Oscar-winning movie 'Gravity' about astronauts stranded in space.
"History has been created today," said Modi, who burst into applause along with hundreds of scientists at the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) when it was announced the mission had been accomplished.
"We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible," said Modi, wearing a red waistcoat at the space command centre in the southern city of Bangalore.
Modi has said he wants to expand the country's five-decade-old space programme.
With a spacecraft around Mars, India joins a small group of nations - the United States, Russia and Europe - that have successfully sent probes to orbit or landed on Mars. Others, however, failed several times initially.
The mission makes India the first country in Asia to reach Mars, after an attempt by regional rival China failed to leave the earth's orbit in 2011.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Love in space: Curiousity Rover flirts with Mangalyaan  Maven looks onComments
An intriguing conversation between Isro's Mars Orbiter, Nasa's Maven and the US agency's Curiosity Rover led us to believe that a Bollywood style love triangle maybe inevitable. After all, all three of them will be spending the next few months together around Mars.
Advertisement
Maven got the ball rolling by sending out a congratulatory tweet for Isro's Mars Orbiter, while Curiosity welcomed it on the Red Planet with a 'Namaste'.
"Namaste, @MarsOrbiter! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit," Curiosity Rover tweeted.
Mars Orbiter replied, saying, "Howdy @MarsCuriosity? Keep in touch. I'll be around."
The conversation ended with Mars orbiter going off for breakfast.
Twitterati will surely be holding tight on to their seats, waiting to see what ensues - who will woo who, and who will be #ForeverAlone.
Seems like all these three crafts are going to have quite a rosy stay on Mars.
The #MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet. pic.twitter.com/8E37nqtcmL
— NASA's MAVEN Mission (@MAVEN2Mars) September 24, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I'll be around.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I’ll be back after breakfast. Good ol’ sunlight. It’s good for your battery.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
I'm rolling out the red carpet on the Red Planet for the newest Mars orbiter. Welcome, @MAVEN2Mars ! pic.twitter.com/y6Rdw91sew

Different strokes: When  boxer  Ruskin Bond was disqualified for foul play!Life wasn't all about books for seasoned author Ruskin Bond during his youth as he donned several hats like being a football goalkeeper, a hockey player, an athlete, a debater as well as a boxer.
The name is Bond, Ruskin Bond
He, however, hated boxing. During boxing bouts at his boarding school Bishop Cotton's, where all games were compulsory, he often fouled on his opponent to get himself disqualified.
 
He was also in the school choir, but was told not to sing, because he had a terrible singing voice.
Also read: Get out and play: Ruskin Bond tells children
 
These anecdotes figure in the book "Uncles, Aunts and Elephants: Tales from Your Favourite Storyteller", a selection of writings from one of India's best-loved authors.
 
"After the age of 15, I was at my best as a football goalkeeper, hockey player, athlete. I was also acting in school plays and taking part in debates. I wasn't much of a boxer- a sport I disliked- but I had learnt to use my head to good effect, and managed to get myself disqualified by butting the other fellow in the head or midriff," he recalls in a chapter titled "Reading Was My Religion".
Also read: The name is Bond, Ruskin Bond
"As all games were compulsory, I had to overcome my fear of water and learn to swim a little. Mr Jones (his teacher) taught me to do the breast stroke, saying it was more suited to my temperament than the splash and dash stuff," he writes.
The only thing that he couldn't do was sing, and although he loved listening to great singers, from Enrico Caruso to Beniamino Gigli, he couldn't sing a note.
Also read: Greatest Indian Novels: Interview with Ruskin Bond
 
"Our music teacher, Mrs Knight, put me in the school choir because, she said, I looked like a choir boy, all pink and shining in a cassock and surplice, but she forbade me from actually singing. I was to open my mouth with the others, but on no account was I to allow any sound to issue from it," he says.
 
Sumptuously illustrated, "Uncles, Aunts and Elephants: Tales from Your Favourite Storyteller", published by Puffin India, is a collection of poetry, prose and non-fiction bringing together some of Bond's best work in a single volume.
"Since my first Puffin Treasury came out, five years ago, there has been a steady flow of tales to tell. The desk near my window is overflowing with notebooks and manuscripts. My cat (Fat Cat) does her utmost to knock everything to the ground, but I am a patient soul and I do my best to restore order where confusion reigns," he says about this edition, in which there is a cat poem for Fat Cat too.

Man kills doctor in Odisha as  revenge  for nephew s deathComments
A man and his two accomplices murdered a doctor in Odisha’s Sonepur district because he suspected the doctor’s injection killed his nephew, police have said.
Durbadala Mishra, additional district medical officer (ADMO) of Sonepur district headquarters hospital, was found lying in a pool of blood in front of his house on Sunday night with his throat slit.
“The police have arrested one of the accused and are searching for two others including the main accused. A sharp-edged weapon used in the murder and few live bullets have also been seized,” Sonepur superintendent of police Sarah Sharma told reporters on Tuesday night after cracking the case.
  
Investigators found a local youth Pratyush Panda (26) to be the main accused. Panda held a grudge against the 53-year-old doctor because he suspected his eight-month-old nephew died due to the latter’s negligence, police said.
 
The infant had developed heart complications about a year and a half ago and undergone treatment at a heart hospital outside the district.
Eight months ago Panda brought his nephew to Mishra’s clinic after the infant suddenly fell ill. The child died minutes after being administered an injection.
Police said that Panda, along with two of his friends, hatched a plan to eliminate Mishra. On Sunday night, the trio followed Mishra when he was returning home and murdered him in front of his house.

Fortis Healthcare appoints Gagandeep Singh Bedi as CFOSep 24, 2014, 12.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fortis Healthcare appoints Gagandeep Singh Bedi as CFO
Fortis Healthcare Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014 has appointed Mr. Gagandeep Singh Bedi as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with immediate effect.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fortis Healthcare appoints Gagandeep Singh Bedi as CFO
Fortis Healthcare Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014 has appointed Mr. Gagandeep Singh Bedi as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with immediate effect.
Post your opinion here
 
Fortis Healthcare Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014 has appointed Mr. Gagandeep Singh Bedi as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Sanofi India stock surges 4%Sanofi India stock surges 4%
Odds were stacked against us but we prevailed: Modi on MarsOdds were stacked against us but we prevailed: Modi on Mars
Infosys  CEO Sikka allows use of Twitter  Facebook in office to retain talentInfosys  CEO Sikka allows use of Twitter  Facebook in office to retain talent
Zuari Agro resumes production at its Ammonia and Urea PlantsZuari Agro resumes production at its Ammonia and Urea Plants
Developed world must  walk the talk  on climate change: IndiaDeveloped world must  walk the talk  on climate change: India
8% GDP Growth Possible in 2-3 Years: Chidambaram8% GDP Growth Possible in 2-3 Years: Chidambaram
Force Motors drops on profit bookingForce Motors drops on profit booking
IMF and World Bank in $300m Ebola pledgeIMF and World Bank pledge $300m for Ebola campaign
By Javier Blas in London and Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd61c030-3e8e-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xbox One  PS4 are new age gaming consolesStory
Game on: The new age consoles
The year 2013 saw the global launch of two much-awaited gaming consoles - Microsoft's Xbox One and Sony's PlaySt ation 4. Both the consoles have been in demand and have sold more than a million units each.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
Visitors take pictures of Sony's PlayStation 4 gaming console at the Tokyo Game Show (Photo: Reuters)
The gaming console market, although a niche area, has gained a lot of traction among hard core gamers in recent years. Unlike smartphones and tablets, which get an upgrade every few months, gaming consoles are released every few years. This year will see only two new gaming consoles making a debut in India - the Sony PlayStation 4 (already launched) and the Microsoft Xbox One (to be launched soon). While new consoles are selling like hot cakes, the older versions have seen a price drop that make them a good buy. And popular game titles are being launched both for older and newer generation consoles.
Microsoft Xbox One Microsoft-Xbox-One-Kinect
Microsoft Xbox One
The Xbox One made its global debut last year and is scheduled to launch in India on September 23. Microsoft has pitched it as an all-in-one entertainment system. The Xbox One has Internet-based features such as the ability to record and stream gameplay, integration with a set-top box to watch cable or satellite TV through the console, and Kinect-based voice control. The Xbox One will include a console, which features a 500GB hard drive, a Blu-ray player and built-in WiFi, and one wireless controller. There will be a free 14-day trial of Xbox Live Gold for new members. The console will have a Kinect version, too, where users will be able to experience gesture controls, biometric sign-in, controller paring, Skype video calls, instant scanning of QR codes, and enhanced features only available with Kinect games such "Kinect Sports Rivals," "Dead Rising 3," and "Project Spark." The gaming line-up will include AAA titles like "Forza Horizon 2" and "Halo: The Master Chief Collection".
Xbox One: Rs 39,990; Xbox One with Kinect: Rs 45,990
Sony PlayStation 4
Sony PlayStation 4
Released in the US in November last year, Sony's PlayStation 4 was an instant success. About 2.1 million units of the PS4 were sold in less than three weeks of its launch in North America. Sony was aggressive with the global launch and introduced the gaming console in India in January this year. The initial units were sold in a matter of few hours on January 6. The next stock arrived in May, and it is now readily available on all major online portals. The PS4 is powered by an eight-core AMD Jaguar CPU, and features a 500GB hard drive, 8GB of unified memory, a built-in Blu Ray drive and the new DualShock 4 controller. It also offers WiFi connectivity option, an Ethernet port, Bluetooth 2.1, and two USB 3.0 ports. Sony has worked on the on-screen UI and has placed the games icon in a horizontal bar. At the time of the launch, the game titles included 22 games of different genres, from military shooters to sports simulations to family-friendly adventures including "Killzone: Shadow Fall", and "Drive Club."
Price: Rs 39,990

Narendra Modi tackles India Licence RajModi tackles India’s ‘Licence Raj’ with a thousand cuts
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
Making life easier for companies should attract investment
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5badad82-3ff6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple sells over 10 mn new iPhones in 3 daysApple sells over 10 million iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in first 3 days
Soham Chatterjee        Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 09:38 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Apple Inc sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones with larger displays.
Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries, including China, in the first weekend they were available.
CEO Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.
Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders opened.
ALSO READ: Apple to unveil new iPads, OS on October 21
First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.
Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7 million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.
"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.
The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 per cent higher than Wall Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.
Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 per cent higher than estimates.
"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.
Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have been delayed by regulatory issues.
Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.
LEADERSPEAK: Steve Jobs would be smiling on Apple's achievment, says Tim Cook
The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on September 26, Apple said.
The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.
Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.
(Additional reporting by Scott Malone)
- Reuters

Amid the euphoria  protests too await Modi in USUpdated: September 23, 2014 17:23 IST
Amid the euphoria, protests too await Modi in US
PTI
AP Several groups in the U.S. will hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to the country. File photo
TOPICS
demonstration
While the Alliance for Justice and Accountability plans to show black flags to Mr. Modi in New York, the Sikhs For Justice announces a “Citizens’ Court” against him in Washington.
Several groups in the U.S. will hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he travels to New York and Washington this month.
The recently formed Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) on Monday announced that it will show black flags to Mr. Modi when he heads to the Madison Square Garden in mid-town Manhattan in New York on September 28, 2014.
The Sikhs For Justice announced to convene a “Citizens’ Court” to “indict” Mr. Modi at a park in front of the White House on September 30, when the Prime Minister would be meeting U.S. President Barack Obama at his Oval Office.
“The ‘indictment’ proceedings will be conducted in a replica court room set up in the President’s Park right in the front of the White House. The ‘charge sheet’ issued by SFJ lists actions of Modi during the 2002 Gujarat riots,” a statement from the Sikh group said.
“Black Flags for visiting PM Modi,” said the AJA in a flyer sent to its members on Monday.
AJA mostly comprises of Indian-American organisations and individuals who were part of Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), which had successfully campaigned against a U.S. visa to Mr. Modi, when he was Chief Minister of Gujarat.
“Alliance for Justice and Accountability is a coalition of individuals and organisations that are concerned about the rapid erosion of human rights and religious freedom in India,” said Shaikh Ubaid, a founding member of the Coalition Against Genocide, who is now instrumental in forming this new alliance.
“The alliance has been formed in the wake of increasing violence and incendiary rhetoric against minorities led by organisations and parties aligned with the Sangh Parivar. Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India’s pluralism,” Dr. Ubaid told PTI.
“Come join us as we stand in protest of Narendra Modi’s visit and talk in New York City at Madison Square Garden on September 28th,” the alliance said in a Facebook post.

IFC raises $100 mn in maiden onshore rupee bondsIFC raises USD 100 mn in maiden onshore Maharaja Bonds
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 16:27 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
International Finance Corporation has completed its maiden onshore rupee bonds, the Maharaja Bonds, worth nearly $100 million from global and domestic institutional investors.
The IFC Maharaja Bonds, will be listed on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) by this week, said the World Bank arm and NSE.
IFC, which raised over $1 billion in rupee-denominated overseas bonds last fiscal, has received a mandate to raise up to $2.5 billion more over the next five years, IFC global treasury head for client solutions Keshav Gaur told reporters.
"The Maharaja Bonds are issued under the $2.5-billion programme to help develop infrastructure for the domestic capital markets. The issuance follows IFC's successful completion earlier this year of a global rupee bond programme which raised $1 billion from investors globally," Gaur said.
The bond offers an innovative structure to attract different types of investors to the domestic capital markets.
There are four tranches with different maturities under this programme. The issue comprises a 5-year bullet bond of $25 million, a 10-year bullet bond of $25 million and two separately tradable redeemable principal parts (STRPP) with maturity of between 13 and 20 years, he said.
The bond proceeds will be used for market infra investment here. This is the first international AAA issuance in the country. HSBC, ICICI securities and SBI Caps are the lead- arrangers to the issue, Gaur said.
"With these Maharaja Bonds, we are creating value for investors," IFC South Asia regional director Serge Devieux said.

IFC raises $100 mn in maiden onshore Maharaja BondsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty slump; post biggest single-day fall in 2-1/2 monthsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Flood situation worsens in Assam  claims eight livespicture  others
Flood situation worsens in Assam, claims eight lives
Altogether eight people have died in heavy floods and landslides triggered by continuous rain for the last three days in Assam, where airforce helicopters, army, NDRF and SDRF have been pressed into service for rescue work, officials said. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
The situation was the worst in Goalpara where five people have died and more than 50,000 people have been affected due to heavy rains in the state and neighbouring Meghalaya, District Deputy Commissioner Pritam Saikia said. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
With rains halting today, rescue and relief operation are on and airforce helicopters have been pressed into service to rescue the marooned people in Dudhnoi, Krishnai and Bolbola. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
Army, NDRF and SDRF are also engaged round-the-clock for rescue work. However, majority of the people have come down on their own to the plains, official said. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
The district administration has made arrangements to provide shelter and necessary relief materials to the affected, Saikia said. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
The situation in Guwahati, where two persons have died - one in landslide and another due to electrocution following heavy precipitation in the past three days, was also improving as rains stopped since this morning. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
The city recorded 162.56 mm of rainfall since last night and the severely affected areas of Anil Nagar, Tarun Nagar, Zoo Road and other areas remain waterlogged, Kamrup (Metro) district administration spokesman said. (Source: Express photo by Dasarath Deka)
Related

Market Wrap: FII selling  weak Euro zone data hit stocksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India scraps generic drug price controlsIndia scraps generic drug price controls
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41bdec2c-4319-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Treasury market cuts US inflation outlookTreasury market cuts US inflation outlook
By Michael Mackenzie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b3b21d4-429b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Milibands charm gets lost in transmission© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78e93306-4331-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent jump shortlived amid Syria strikesBrent crude bounce shortlived amid Syria strikes
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db46dcee-4325-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial Technologies to focus on core software businessUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:09 IST
Financial Technologies to focus on core software business
Special Correspondent
Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) will focus on its core software business, and chart a new path for growth, Venkat Chary, Chairman and independent non-executive director, said.
Policy decision
“We have taken a policy decision to exit the exchanges and regulatory businesses,” Mr. Venkat Chary said on the sidelines of the company’s 26 annual general meeting (AGM) in Chennai. “We are a core technology solution provider and a software company. So, sky is the limit as far as software is concerned. There is enough scope for innovation,’’ he added. Financial Technologies has been under regulatory glare over a Rs.5,600-crore payment crisis that surfaced at its subsidiary National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL) last year. This also led to the arrest of Jignesh Shah on May 7. He was later released on bail.
The company’s exit from exchanges business is triggered after Forward Markets Commission declared Financial Technologies as ‘unfit’ to run any bourses, post the NSEL issue.
Mr. Shah was present at the AGM, but declined to speak to the media.

Jet to Expand International OperationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways to Expand International Operations From November
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 00:12 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Private carrier Jet Airways on Tuesday said it will expand international operations from November with a view to provide connectivity from four more Indian cities to Abu Dhabi and other global destinations.
Jet Airways will launch flight services from Ahmedabad, Goa and Lucknow to Abu Dhabi and beyond from November 14, the airline said in a release.
"Besides, the carrier also plans to introduce a flight on the Pune-Abu Dhabi route and its schedule is being finalised," Jet Airways said, adding that the launch will depend upon availability of slot at both the airports.
These cities are fast developing with growing importance in the business world and flyers from these smaller metros can now enjoy a direct seamless connectivity from home cities to Abu Dhabi.
From Abu Dhabi, these passengers will be able to fly directly to international destinations like Brussels, Manchester, Dusseldorf, Dublin, Belgrade, Moscow, Milan, Frankfurt, Munich and Paris in Europe and Washington, Los Angeles and Chicago in North America with the introduction of these flights, the release noted.
The addition of these new flights will further strengthen the Jet Airways' growing international network and significantly enhance international flight connectivity to the Gulf and beyond to North America, Europe and Africa with its strategic partner, Etihad Airways, it said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty fall most in over two monthsbse sensex  nse nifty fall most in over two months
Chinas booming torture trade denouncedAmnesty International denounces China’s booming torture trade
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b083a96-430c-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US urged to come clean over drone strikesOctober 22, 2013 8:35 am
Amnesty calls on US to ‘come clean’ over drone strikes
By Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e1b89a4-3adb-11e3-a7ec-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Middle East executions soaring  says AmnestyMarch 27, 2012 4:47 pm
Middle East executions soaring, says Amnesty
By Borzou Daragahi in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f51679e-7807-11e1-b437-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The real tragedy is current western policySeptember 24, 2014 12:36 am
The real tragedy is current western policy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dad68ffa-4331-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Volunteer given experimental Ebola vaccineOxford volunteer given experimental vaccine against Ebola
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd72d8a-3e76-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias date with the Red PlanetAgriculture
India’s date with the red planet
Isro kept its date with the red planet early morning on 24 September as Mangalyaan entered Mars orbit
Wed, Nov 12 2014. 12 47 PM
Wed, Nov 12 2014. 12 33 PM
Wed, Nov 12 2014. 12 32 PM
Wed, Nov 12 2014. 12 31 PM
Wed, Nov 12 2014. 12 30 PM
Tue, Nov 11 2014. 01 11 PM

Rupee falls  tracks broad dollar riseRupee marginally weaker on dollar demand by oil firms
Reuters |  Sep 24, 2014 01:05 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 60.99/61.00 versus Tuesday's 60.94/95 close.
 
The rupee is trading off session low of 61.05 on custodian bank dollar sales.
 
Traders say demand from oil firms is limiting the rupee's rise.
 
Asian currencies are trading mixed versus the dollar.
 
Traders say the pair is likely to hold in 60.90-61.20 range.
 

Small-cap mid-cap shares correct on profit bookingSmall-cap mid-cap shares correct on profit booking
6 years  2 rejections later  Indias largest hydro project clearedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

General Motors launches new Chevrolet SAIL compact  sedan in Rs 4.41-Rs 7.64 lakh price rangeGeneral Motors launches new Chevrolet SAIL compact, sedan, prices start at in Rs 4.41 lakh
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:43  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:43  IST
 

Sensex Flat  Nifty Hovers Near 8 000You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat Ahead of Coal Block Verdict
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today in the early trade as traders remained cautious of the Supreme Court ruling on coal blocks.
The top court will pronounce its verdict at 2 pm on 218 blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it.
Weak global cues also weighed on Indian markets. Asian stocks slipped on Wednesday as US-led air strikes in Syria curbed appetite for risky assets, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
The Sensex was down 15 points to 26,760 while Nifty fell 5 points to 8,012.
SV Prasad, chairman of Chime Consulting, said that Indian markets are in a pause mode ahead of the Supreme Court verdict and weak global cues like the contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Besides that buying of Indian equities from foreign investors has also slowed. In the previous five sessions, foreign institution investors (FIIs) sold on average Rs 295 crore of Indian equities daily. In comparison, they bought on average Rs 393 crore daily between September 9-15 and Rs 990 crore between September 1-8.
Some defensive buying was seen in FMCG and healthcare stocks. Among Nifty gainers, ITC, Lupin and HUL were up between 0.8 per cent and 2 per cent.
The BSE metal index was down 0.3 per cent ahead of the court verdict. JSPL was down 1.6 per cent while Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite were down between 0.6 per cent and 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)

Obama gets boost for coalition-building effortsObama met Tuesday afternoon with a group that included representatives from the five Arab nations that participated in the overnight strikes.
Associated Press | New York | Posted: September 24, 2014 11:00 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 1:50 pm
For President Barack Obama , the participation of five Arab nations in airstrikes in Syria has shifted the tenor of his three-day diplomatic mission at the United Nations, allowing him to use the unexpected cooperation to mobilize other reluctant nations to join the fight against Islamic State militants.
It’s a marked change for a president who has been on the defensive about his ability to form a coalition and who had been expected to show up at the U.N. with few public commitments from allies around the world.
“The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America’s fight alone,” Obama said at the White House before departing for New York. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and Bahrain all launched airstrikes alongside U.S. planes, with Qatar playing a supporting role.
Senior administration officials said the coalition was quietly solidified in recent days following Secretary of State John Kerry’s flurry of meetings with regional partners and Obama’s phone calls to the monarchs of Saudi Arabia and Jordan. Obama gave the go-ahead for the Pentagon to launch strikes in Syria for the first time last Thursday after being briefed by military leaders at U.S. Central Command in Tampa, Florida.
While officials said the timing of the strikes was not intended to coincide with the start of the annual U.N. gathering, the military action quickly became a focal point as Obama and other world leaders arrived in New York.
Obama met Tuesday afternoon with a group that included representatives from the five Arab nations that participated in the overnight strikes. After thanking them for their cooperation, he cautioned that the military foray into Syria “is obviously not the end of the effort but this is the beginning.”
Among the leaders who joined in the meeting was new Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who took office earlier this month. Obama and al-Abadi will also hold a one-on-one meeting Wednesday.
Kathleen Hicks, a former Pentagon official, said the Arab participation could galvanize other nations that have been wary of joining the effort.
“It really helps Europeans and others to see that it’s not just going to be perceived as just a Western action,” said Hicks, who is now senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based think tank.
The joint U.S.-Arab airstrikes won Obama rare support from Republicans who have been pressing him to be more aggressive in going after the Islamic State group, which has moved with ease across the blurred border between Iraq and Syria.
“I support the airstrikes launched by the president, understanding that this is continued…

http://usat.ly/XZGkikFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer
Burger King and Tim Hortons said their corporate inversion deal is still on, one day after the Obama administration announced new rules aimed at preventing U.S. firms from reincorporating overseas to cut taxes.
Post to Facebook
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer Burger King and Tim Hortons said their corporate inversion deal is still on, one day after the Obama administration announced new rules aimed at preventing U.S. firms from reincorporating overseas to cut taxes. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sm4XnM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
40
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
BK, Tim Hortons: Inversion rules no deal killer
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Signs for a Tim Hortons restaurant, foreground, and a Burger King restaurant are seen in August 2014 photo taken in Erie,  Pa.
(Photo: Christopher Millette, AP)
207 CONNECT 89 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The $11.5 billion Burger King Worldwide ( BKW ) deal to buy coffee-and-doughnut chain Tim Hortons and reincorporate in Canada will proceed, despite an Obama administration crackdown on corporate inversions, the firms said Tuesday.
The response came after Monday night's Department of the Treasury announcement of new rules that could make it more difficult and less profitable for U.S. firms to pursue inversions — move their official addresses overseas in a bid to lower future taxes and gain freer use of cash held in foreign subsidiaries.
"We are moving forward as planned. As we've said previously, this deal has always been driven by long-term growth and not by tax benefits," Burger King and Tim Hortons said in a joint statement.
Medtronic ( MDT ) said it was studying the Treasury action to assess potential impact on its planned $42.9 billion inversion acquisition of Ireland-based Covidien . Several other U.S. firms with pending inversion plans did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment Tuesday.
Corporate inversions mean tax hit for shareholders
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said the crackdown is aimed at halting a wave of planned or announced inversions that could erode the nation's corporate tax base and shift more of the tax burden to small businesses and average American taxpayers. Lew stressed, however, that the rules were not designed to thwart strategic deals not exclusively based on corporate tax-cutting.
"I think that companies will continue to invert," said Charles Kolstad, a counsel in the Los Angeles office of Venable LLP whose practice focuses on international tax issues. "The downside risk" that deals could be blocked by the new rules "may not outweigh the upside benefits. I don't think you'd end up in a worse position."
But stocks of several U.S. firms pursuing inversions fell Tuesday, potentially signaling investor uncertainty following the crackdown. Burger King shares closed down nearly 2.7% at $30.23, while Medtronic shares closed down nearly 3% at $64.08.
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions'
Corporate America, meanwhile, fired back at the the Obama administration action. Martin Regalia , chief economist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , said U.S. companies that pursue inversions would still be able to use the overseas cash — but not in ways that would directly benefit the national economy.
"In fact, the administration just assured that deferred income in the once foreign subsidiary will never come back to the U.S. to help create income, jobs and economic growth here," said Regalia. "Bad public policy produces bad economic results."
Regalia and other critics of the Treasury rules said inversions should be addressed as part of a comprehensive revamping of the nation's tax policy, including a reduction of the 35% U.S. top tax rate on businesses, the highest among major world economies, plus a revision of the U.S. policy of taxing firms on overseas as well as domestic income.
Many major U.S. firms employ tax-saving strategies that keep their payment rates below the U.S. maximum. But companies contend that lower business tax rates overseas remain a powerful draw as they vie against corporate competitors.
"The continued approach of the U.S. on this issue is yet another example of antiquated tax policy which fails to create a pro-business environment," said Frederic Donnedieu , chairman of Taxand a global organization of tax advisers to multinational businesses.
207 CONNECT 89 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sm4XnM
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Sensex  Nifty volatile; metals  capital goods declineSep 24, 2014, 11.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty volatile; metals, capital goods decline
Jindal Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco dropped 1-3 percent ahead of Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allocation case today at 10.30 am.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty volatile; metals, capital goods decline
Jindal Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco dropped 1-3 percent ahead of Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allocation case today at 10.30 am.
Post your opinion here
The Sensex declined 34.43 points to 26741.26 and the Nifty fell 12.50 points to 8005.05.
About 721 shares have advanced, 1652 shares declined, and 60 shares are unchanged.
10:40am Interview
Shares of Kitex Garments gained 1.3 percent. The third largest supplier of infant garments globally derives 85 percent of revenue from sale of infant garments and 15 percent from fabric to Kitex Childrenwear.
The company aims to be the number one player in infant wear market over the next few years. It derives 100 percent of garment revenue from exports, with 90 percent coming from the US and the rest 10 percent from Europe.
The company witnessed 40 percent growth in the year gone by and Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director of Kitex Garments says it came on the back of capacity expansion. It plans to double capacity over the next three years.
The company expects to maintain 20-25 percent growth on a sustainable basis going forward. Jacob expects to see rise in margins on account of better efficiencies. He expects to improve efficiencies on both automation (production) and labour front.
There are also plans to merge Kitex Garments and Kitex Childrenwear perhaps in FY16. Jacob says Kitex Childrenswear enjoys marginally higher capacity and its margin profile is similar to Kitex Garments.
10:20am Rupee Check
The rupee slipped 4 paise to 60.98 a dollar in morning trade.
Geoffrey Dennis, UBS says the rising dollar has played a key role in the latest pullback in MSCI GEMs. With dollar strength typically associated with falling emerging markets (EM) equity markets, the UBS view of further dollar gains by end-2015 is a headwind for EM equity markets and supports our ongoing cautious positioning, he adds.
“These dollar moves should be accompanied by further weakness of most EM currencies, with end-2015 forecasts for the rupee at 65/dollar, says Dennis.
10:00am Equity benchmarks extended losses with the Sensex falling 100 points and the Nifty breaking 8000 level ahead of Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allocation case today at 10.30 am. Jindal Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco dropped 1-3 percent.
The broader markets too slipped further with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices falling nearly a percent.
The Sensex declined 121.79 points to 26653.90 and the Nifty slipped 28.15 points to 7989.40. About 763 shares have advanced, 1386 shares declined, and 61 shares are unchanged.
Shares of L&T, TCS, Tata Motors, HDFC, Axis Bank, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and Maruti Suzuki plummeted 1-2 percent. However, ITC, HUL, Wipro, Sun Pharma, Coal India and M&M gained 0.3-1.3 percent.
09:15

RBS  Lloyds make strong gains on Scots noAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Heart versus headquartersA company’s headquarters should be aligned with its heart
By Andrew Hill
A company that stays close to its roots sends a powerful signal about what it values
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bb99716-39ae-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NRI businessmen step in to develop Vizag as ...NRI businessmen join Andhra Pradesh's efforts to develop Vizag as IT hub
Payal Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 11.57AM IST
Tags:
Arbitrage
(Nearly 16 US-based small…)
HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh government is wooing expat Indian businessmen to give the initial push to its plan of developing Vizag into an information technology hub.
Nearly 16 US-based small and medium enterprises in the IT and IT enabled services sectors are planning to begin operations in the region by the end of 2014. These companies, which mostly run their offshore operations in cities across India and have revenue ranging from $20 million to $100 million, are banking on government incentives to return the favour.
"This goes beyond the purview of business" and "has an emotional connect to the state" as the US has a large number of entrepreneurs from Andhra Pradesh, says B Sriram, tax partner at Ernst & Young. "Though that is the significant pull factor, the fact that Vizag is the only city with some infrastructure in the state makes it a favoured destination." Though an appeal has been made to the NRI audience, according to him the bigger players are yet to make a move. "Once the tier-1 players move, it will attract tier-2 players as well."
Around half a dozen companies from the US have agreed to be a part of the 50,000-square-foot incubation centre at the Madhurawada IT Layout to mentor and seed-fund promising ventures from a combined pool of $250,000. "These SMEs will create the critical mass for bigger players to come in," said JA Chowdary, chairman of the Industrial Development Forum, which has been conducting roadshows to garner investment for the state.
"We are looking at adding Vizag operations for software development with a focus on enterprise services as well as that on mobile-cloud in six-eight months' time," said Satish Manduva, chief executive of Texasbased IntelliSoft Technologies, an IT-consulting and software development company. "We plan to set up a 200-member team at Vizag over the next three years generating around $15 million." IntelliSoft, with a turnover of $50 million, currently has operations in Hyderabad, Chennai and Pune.
The SMEs making the move are focused on training and recruiting talent in emerging technologies such as mobile, cloud and big-data analytics. "Our main source of recruiting the fresh talent is through references, walk-ins and approaching institutions," said Brahma Gupta, founder of Indrasol, a oneyear-old mobile and analytics company incorporated in California.
The blueprint issued by the AP government on its Information and Communication Technology Policy 2014-2020 promises land at rebated costs for development by companies, sops including 100% reimbursement of stamp duty for IT industry and 25% power subsidy for three years for IT companies identified as micro, small and medium enterprises. Beginning with a plug and play model for setting up operations, the SMEs are looking at owning office space as an additional asset to their operations.
"We would lease the space initially but would like to set up an office in a year and half 's time, given the land allocation by the government. Also, the cost arbitrage in terms of salaries will work out to be 25% cheaper than expanding in Bangalore or Hyderabad where we presently have operations," said Sunil Kilaru , chairman and chief executive of PrimusGlobal , an IT solutions company registered in Texas with an annual turnover of $20 million.
"Vizag is the only possible destination with infrastructure - both social and regular in the state of AP. It will emerge as an IT destination in AP state," said Sandeep Patnaik , managing director of real-estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle, Hyderabad. "Other cities such as Ananthapur and Tirupati will take another five years to develop for senior-level employees to move in.These cities lack a minimum captive audience."
In order to overcome the gap in filling senior managerial positions, the companies are looking at bringing employees from other centres."Initially two members from our senior management will be brought in to anchor the operations for six months," says Satish Manduva of IntelliSoft Technologies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sanofi India gains 15% in two trading sessionsSanofi India gains 15% in two trading sessions
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:24 PM IST
Sanofi India has gained 4%, extending its 11% rally in the previous session, as the company would benefit the most after the government withdrew National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's power that permitted it to fix prices of non-essential drugs.
Ms. Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking says Sanofi India would have the biggest positive impact with around Rs 139 crore gains in sales.
It may be recalled that the NPPA had capped prices of 108 cardiac and diabetes drugs on July 10, 2014.
Sanofi India focuses its activities on seven major therapeutic areas, namely – Cardiovascular diseases, Metabolic Disorders, Thrombosis, Oncology, Central Nervous System disorders, Internal Medicine and Vaccines.
The stock opened at Rs 3,365 on the NSE and touched a high of Rs 3,490 so far. Over 26,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Vodafone India to donate Rs 1.2 cr to  Educate GirlsVodafone India to donate Rs 1.2 cr to 'Educate Girls'
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
Telecom service provider Vodafone India on Wednesday said it will donate Rs 1.20 crore to NGO partner Educate Girls.
Over 12,000 Vodafone India employees along with their family and friends participated for eight weeks to raise funds across the country as part of the 'Giving Championship' programme.
Through this programme, the company will enable more than 47,000 young girls (6-14 years) in Ajmer, Bundi and Rajsamand districts in Rajasthan to go back to school for one academic year, the company said.
Meanwhile, the company also released its fourth sustainability report — Footprints IV-Steps Today for a Better Tomorrow'.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Future Group looks to acquire cold-storage co to drive food bizHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Future Group looks to acquire cold-storage co to drive food biz
PTI
Tweet
Tumkur (Karnataka), Sept 24:  
Having entered consumer goods business with a dedicated food park, the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group today said it is looking to acquire a cold chain logistics company to help distribute its products.
“We have multiple temperature storages and processing facilities here. Future Logistics is looking at an acquisition of a company to help in distribution,” Biyani told a select group of reporters here, ahead of the inauguration of India Food Park here by Prime Minister Narendra Modi later today.
Biyani, however, refused to divulge the deal size which the company is looking at, but maintained that it will happen this calendar year and will be a complete acquisition.
“Snowman is there, but we also want to do work on cold chain logistics,” he said, referring to the company which just had a bumper share sale.
At the 110-acre food park located on the outskirts of Bangalore, Biyani said there are multi-temperature cold storage facilities which will handle multiple commodities like bananas, mangoes, apples and so on.
The company plans to open two more such food parks in Kharagpur in Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, he said.
Future Logistics will play a pivotal role in ensuring success of the FMCG business, Biyani said, stressing on the need and urgency of the acquisition.
He asserted that the group, which has had a difficult time in recent years, has “sufficient cash” to fund its expansion.
If need be, it may look at selling non-core assets like the publication division Amar Chitra Katha, he said, hinting that it may also sell some brands in core business.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

India to act on climate change on its own volition: JavadekarIndia to act on climate change on its own volition: Javadekar
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 24:  
India will take action on climate change not “at somebody’s dictation” but on its own volition, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar has said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is “very much interested in climate change and environmental issues. He has proved it in Gujarat for 12 years that both conservation and protection of environment along with development is simultaneously possible,” Javadekar told PTI in an interview.
Minister of State for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Javadekar was here yesterday to represent India at the high-level Climate Change summit organised by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
He said Modi’s absence from the summit does not mean that India is not serious about climate change.
“We are serious. (Modi) is committed (on climate change issues). We are doing our action but it is not at somebody’s dictation, it is on our own volition,” he said.
Javadekar stressed that India demands that the developed world “should not come out with new terminology” every time but “now walk the talk” on tackling climate change and cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
“What we expect from the world is that the developed world must walk the talk on the Green Climate Fund as well as cutting their own emissions,” he said adding that for India, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) is the real mandate.
While there can be complimentary efforts to strengthen action, Javadekar said that parallel efforts will divert attention.
“We want to work under the UNFCCC mandate. There is scope for negotiations. We expect that Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) are determined nationally and not internationally,” he said.
Javadekar said that while India’s INDCs will be “ambitious enough”, at the same time basic principles of equity are also important.
“All will take responsibility, all will act but responsibility of developed countries is different and that must be recognised,” he said.
Javadekar said India expects that the UN climate conference in Lima in December should bring out more contours, more basic framework of the text which will be ultimately negotiated in Paris next year.
“The process of INDCs will gear up by that time. That can be discussed as good practices but they cannot be subjected to any kind of scrutiny,” he said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Schneider Electric India launches energy-saving smart panelsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Schneider Electric India launches energy-saving smart panels
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 24:  
Schneider Electric today launched the Smart Panel concept, an energy management solution that facilitates energy savings in buildings.
These panels could be deployed in public and commercial offices, modern retail premises, hospitals and hotels, apart from industrial set-ups.
Based on Schneider Electric’s energy management principle of ‘measure, connect, and save, the smart panel is a plug and play solution contributing towards the need to curb energy costs and meet the norms for green buildings.
Shrinivas Chebbi, Vice-President, India and SAARC, EcoBuildings and Partner Projects, Schneider Electric, in a statement said: “With buildings accounting for almost 40 per cent of energy use in most countries, there is immense potential for improvement in their energy efficiency. Apart from meeting regulatory compliances, the owners and occupants of buildings will benefit from long-term energy and financial savings through Smart Panels.”
Smart cities
These smart panels fit into the Government’s focus on smart cities aiding in energy management.
Smart panels are intelligently embedded with metering, control and communication capabilities. The ‘save’ mode assists building owners to undertake energy analyses. This is achieved through onsite real-time monitoring and control, which gives a clear understanding of the building’s energy consumption by zone and usage types.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Samsung to launch new Note phone in China before AppleSamsung to launch new Note phone in China before Apple
PTI
Tweet
Seoul, Sept 24:  
Samsung Electronics Co today said its latest Galaxy Note 4 smartphone will go on sale in China and South Korea later this week as its flagging mobile business tries to defend sales from Apple’s new iPhones.
Samsung said all three Chinese mobile carriers and all three South Korean mobile operators will begin Galaxy Note 4 sales on Friday.
Samsung’s announcement marks the first time the Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other markets.
Apple’s iPhone 6 has yet to arrive in China, the world’s most populous country. But Apple Inc still chalked up 10 million sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in the first three days after the phones went on sale.
Samsung’s early move in China comes as the South Korean company faces challenges on multiple fronts. Its profit from the crucial mobile business has flagged and local brands in India and China have dented its sales of cheap phones.
The Galaxy Note 4’s display measures 5.7 inches diagonally, slightly larger than the biggest iPhone. The Note series comes with a stylus that Samsung calls “S Pen” for note taking and drawing.
Samsung moved forward its launch schedule for the new Note phone from October after Apple announced the iPhone 6 with a bigger screen.
US sales of the Galaxy Note 4 will start on October 17.
Samsung said the Galaxy Note Edge, which has a curved side screen that serves as a second screen to display weather information, clocks and menu buttons, will start going on sale in late October.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook  Twitter at work but get job doneInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka to staff: Use Facebook, Twitter at work but get job done
Reuters | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
Sep 24 2014, 12:39  IST
 

Force Motors dips on profit bookingForce Motors dips on profit booking
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:30 PM IST
Force Motors has dipped 4% to Rs 1,229 on BSE on profit booking. The stock opened at Rs 1,292 and touched a low of Rs 1,170 so far. Around 519,000 shares changed hands on the counter so far against an average 676,000 shares that were traded daily in past two weeks on BSE.
Shares of Force Motors, a leading manufacturer of passenger and commercial vehicles, had witnessed a sharp appreciation in its stock price over the past month on the back of expectations of improved financials, new product launches and plans for a new facility in Chennai for assembly of BMW engines.
The stock had appreciated 61% from Rs 794 on August 28 to Rs 1,281 till yesterday. The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex gained less than 1% during the same period.
Though the growth outlook remains positive on the back of the incremental revenues from its Chennai plant for BMW, technical tie-ups and the proposed introduction of new LCV platform, but we believe that the stock has run ahead of its fundamentals. Consequently, we advise investors to book profits, says analyst at Sharekhan.
A higher than expected ramp-up in the BMW business and better than expected margins (though we had assumed margins that are higher than the historical trend) could result in an upside to our estimates, said analyst in report dated September 23, 2014.

Modi inaugurates Mega Food Park in TumkurUpdated: September 24, 2014 13:25 IST
Modi inaugurates Mega Food Park in Tumkur
Farmers will be able to directly sell their produce at the park
12.21: PM Narendra Modi concludes address, leaves venue. To fly back to Bangalore.
12.17: Farmers will never have to throw away fruits if natural juices are used for aerated drinks: PM
12.15: Food processing has immense potential. We need to cash in on the global opportunities for the benefit of our farmers: PM.
12.03: I don't know Kannada, but I was able to understand the CM's speech. The Union and State governments need to understand each other's language to aid the nation's progress: PM Narendra Modi
12.00: PM stresses on the need for Union and State governments to work together. Tumkur Food Park is one in which there has been a collaboration of the Central, State and private sector. This is important for the developement of the country.
11.57: PM addresses the gathering after inaugurating the Mega Food Park in Tumkur.
11.56: Prime Minister Narendra Modi inagurates Mega Food Park.
11.50: 6,000 farmers to benefit directly and 25,000 famers indirectly from the park, says CM
11.45: About the Food Park: The food park is a project of the ministry of food processing. It will become operational by December. By next year about 4,000 jobs will be created. Farmers will be able to directly sell their produce at the park. Farmers in Kolar, Shimoga and Tumkar to benefit.
11.40: Chief Minister Siddaramaiah addressing the Food Park inaugural function in Tumkur.
11.35: Governor Vajubha Vala, Chief Minister Siddramaiah, Union Ministers Sadananda Gowda, Ananth Kumar, G M Siddeswara at the function along with the PM.
11.32: The food park has been set up at a cost Rs 140-crore on a plot of 110 acres.
11.29: Tumkur Integrated Mega Food Park inaguration function begins.
11.15: Soon after his arrival, Mr. Modi was taken on a tour of the food park. CM Siddaramaiah and Governor Vajubhai Vala accompanied him.
11.10: PM Modi arrived at the Vasanthapura Industrial Estate near Tumkur to inaugurate the India Food Park which has come up on a 110 acres area.
10.50: A prayer meeting was held at the math. Governor Vajubhai Vala and director of Siddaganga Institute of Technology M.N. Chennabasappa were present. Modi spoke to students at the math.
10.45: PM Modi had a 10-minute meeeting with the Siddaganga seer Shivakumara Swami at the math.
10.40: A man, said to be a Congress worker, who was dressed as Modi was evicted from the area, after BJP workers complained.
10.33: At the convention hall where the inauguration of the food park is taking place, the BJP supporters are seated on one side of the aisle and the Congress supporters are seated on the other side
10.32: The park is expected to act as a bridge between the farmers and consumers.
10.30: The mega food park is being promoted under public-private partnership.
10:11: Siddaganga seer has made immense contributions to the society, says PM Modi
10.10: Siddaganga seer hands over a cheque of Rs. 25 lakh to the PM for J&K flood relief work.
10:00: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches Siddaganga Mutt in Tumkur
RELATED NEWS

Watch: Mangalyaan trends worldwide on TwitterIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Full video: How a white tiger mauled a youth at Delhi zooIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

RBI Reference Rate for US $RBI Reference Rate for US $
Oracle Financial shares tank nearly 14% on ex-dividendOracle Financial shares tank nearly 14% on ex-dividend
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Shares of Oracle Financial Services Software plunged nearly 14 per cent in morning trade amid massive selling by investors as the stock went ex-dividend today.
Stock of the company tumbled 13.57 per cent to Rs 3,421.05 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it slumped 13.65 per cent to Rs 3,420.50.
Marketmen said that profit-booking pulled down the stock.
The board of directors of the software company had on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each.
The record date for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
The interim dividend will be paid to the equity shareholders of the company on or before September 29, 2014, Oracle Financial Services had said in a BSE filing yesterday.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
An ex-dividend is classification of trading shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Titan to spin off precision engg division as wholly-owned armHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Titan to spin off precision engg division as wholly-owned arm
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Titan Company in a communication to the stock exchange said its board of directors on Tuesday took an in-principle decision to spin off the precision engineering division of the company as a wholly-owned subsidiary.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Breakfast with Modi: Boeing  Google  PepsiCo CEOs on boardNarendra Modi to meet Boeing, Google, PepsiCo CEOs over breakfast during US visit
IANS     New York   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 13:56 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's breakfast meeting on September 29 in New York is set to have big time business on the table with CEOs of top United States firms, including Boeing, Google and PepsiCo.
Modi, who is set to make his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister from September 26-30 , will hold a breakfast meeting with the CEOs of 11 top US companies on September 29 and thereafter, he will hold one-on-one meetings with six individual CEOs of US companies and institutions.
The morning breakfast meeting of the Prime Minister with the 11 leading individual CEOs includes: Google's Eric Schmidt, David M Rubenstein of The Carlyle Group, Michael Corbat, CEO of Citigroup, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar, Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Kenneth C Frazier of Merck and Micheal Ball of Hospira - a US-based global pharmaceutical company.
On the list of one-on-one meetings are: W James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Company (KKR).

Dr Dre is king of hip hop with $620 million in earnings: ForbesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Three sentenced in Venezuela over ex-beauty queenkillingPrint
Agence-France Presse | Caracas | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:00 pm
Three men were sentenced to more than 20 years in prison in Venezuela over the killing of an ex-beauty queen and her partner.
All three, aged 18, 19 and 21, pleaded guilty to the crime on Tuesday, the attorney general’s office said.
The victims in the January roadside robbery and shooting were former beauty queen Monica Spear and her partner Thomas Berry.
The three sentenced were among 10 people charged with the crime. Two of them were minors. Spear was Miss Venezuela in 2004.
In a robbery turned violent, she and Berry were shot to death in their car January 6 in front of their five-year-old daughter Maya on a road in the north of the violence-plagued country.
The killings caused an uproar inside Venezuela and abroad. They caused President Nicolas to move up implementation of a nationwide anti-crime plan.
The UN says Venezuela suffers from a homicide rate of 53 per 100,000 inhabitants, making it the second most violent country in the world after Honduras.

Markets @ 1: Red or green Sensex switching sides; Suzlon plunges 5%: top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Hul
Sensex down over 150 points, Nifty below 8,000; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Sep 24, 2014, 01.56PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Karande
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index managed to recoup some losses after falling below its crucial psychological level of 8000 in trade on Wednesday, led by gains in ITC, Infosys, HUL, RIL and HDFC Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also managed to bounce back from its intraday low of 26641.76, supported by gains in FMCG, pharma, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 2:15 pm, the Sensex was at 26,648.87; down 126.82 points. The Nifty was at 7,975.; down 42.55 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 775 and a stop loss of Rs 750
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 386 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Arvind is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 302
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
JustDial is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1525 and a stop loss of Rs 1620
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 610 and a stop loss of Rs 585
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 203 and a stop loss of Rs 213.50
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 235
BHEL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 202 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 608 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 217 and a stop loss of Rs 230
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 335
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 769 and a stop loss of Rs 747
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 198
Abhishek Karande , CMT, Technical Analyst - Institutional Research, SBICAP Securities
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 650 and a stop loss of Rs 574
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2580
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 405
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 745
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3650 and a stop loss of Rs 3585
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pramoda Devi releases special cover on royal durbar of MysoreUpdated: September 24, 2014 13:37 IST
Pramoda Devi releases special cover on royal durbar of Mysore
Laiqh A Khan
Tweet
Pramoda Devi Wadiyar releases Postal Dept's special cover on royal durbar of Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar. Photo: Laiqh Khan
Pramoda Devi Wadiyar, wife of the late scion of Mysore Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, released a special cover on the royal durbar of Mysore, brought out by the Department of Posts on Wednesday, a day before the start of Dasara celebrations here.
The special cover depicts Srikanatadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar ascending the golden throne of Mysore in a traditional attire amidst the ancient practice of announcing the arrival of the king to the court. After ascending the throne, the king used to receive tributes from the courtiers and other members of the royal family at the private durbar, marking the symbolic and ceremonial beginning of the Dasara festivities.
After releasing the special cover at Postal Training Centre in the City, Ms. Wadiyar thanked the Department of Posts for the gesture.
On the occasion, Chief Postmaster General, Karnataka circle, Bangalore, M.S. Ramanujam released a special cover on the platinum jubilee of Bewoor Building, housing the Mysore Head Post Office.
Later, Ms. Wadiyar also inaugurated Chamundipex 2014, a regional level philately exhibition, at the Postal Training Centre. Though the exhibition is scheduled to remain open till September 26, the exhibits will be kept for public display till the conclusion of Dasara festival, Mr. Ramanujam said.

Air France at odds over strike end claim© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9eca2448-43bf-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pak Election Commission disowns post election report highlighting large scale riggingPak Election Commission disowns post election report highlighting large scale rigging
Sensex  Nifty caught in tight bandSensex  Nifty caught in tight band
PM Modi inaugurates mega food park in Tumkur  KarnatakaPM Modi inaugurates mega food park in Tumkur  Karnataka
Mahindra Two Wheelers to launch its scooter  Gusto  in northern  western regionsMahindra Two Wheelers to launch its scooter  Gusto  in northern  western regions
Sasken Communication Technologies CEO Anjan Lahiri quitsSasken Communication Technologies CEO Anjan Lahiri quits
India s date with Mars: Social media rejoicesIndia s date with Mars: Social media rejoices
China respects India policy needed to improve tiesChina respects India policy needed to improve ties
PM Modi s US visit golden chance to fix Indo-US tiesPM Modi s US visit golden chance to fix Indo-US ties
Buy Biocon Oct fut  sell 500 Call: Krish SubramanyamLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Biocon Oct fut, sell 500 Call: Krish Subramanyam
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Invst Interrmediates recommends buying Biocon October futures and selling 500 Call.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Invst Interrmediates told CNBC-TV18, " Biocon has seen some good short covering in the last few days and we feel that it could be heading for a decent October series. We are recommending a covered Call strategy and buying of October futures which is quoting at around Rs 495 and one could possible sell a 500 Call that is quoting at around Rs 20-25. One could keep a target of Rs 527 and a stoploss of Rs 485."
At 13:24 hrs Biocon was quoting at Rs 490.40, down Rs 4.20, or 0.85 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 500.60 and an intraday low of Rs 488.30.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Titan Company Oct fut  sell 390 Call: Krish SubramanyamLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Titan Company Oct fut, sell 390 Call: Krish Subramanyam
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Invst Interrmediates is of the view that one can buy Titan Company October futures at around Rs 395 and correspondingly one could probably sell a 390 strike Call.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Invst Interrmediates told CNBC-TV18, "We are recommending a covered call strategy for the October series. We are seeing some pretty robust rolls in Titan Company  for the series. We feel that we should have some decent uptrend."
"We are recommending buying of October futures at around Rs 395 and correspondingly one could probably sell a 390 strike Call that is quoting at around Rs 20. We are keeping a target of about Rs 410 and possibly a stoploss of Rs 380," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Coimbatore industries in shock over power cut and tariff hike proposalsCoimbatore industries in shock over power cut and tariff hike proposals
R Yegya Narayanan
Prohibitive cost of power to make industry in Coimbatore region uncompetitive
Coimbatore, Sept 24:  
Barely a week after the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister pointed out in a meeting here that the power cut has been `completely removed’ since June 1 in the state, the announcement by TANGEDCO of a 20 per cent power cut during non peak hours has come as a shocker to the industries in the region.
What has come as a twin blow to the industries are the proposal by the TNERC to increase power tariff and the non-peak hour power cut by the Tangedco which would push up the power cost for industries as diesel prices had steadily been on the increase. Besides, not all the industries can afford to run their plant and machinery utilising captive power generation for long hours, according to industry sources in Coimbatore.
Addressing an election meeting in Coimbatore on Sept 15 in support of her party candidate for the mayoral polls, Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa pointed out that the daily power supply in Tamil Nadu during the current year had gone up to an average of 267 million units as against 208 million units during the previous DMK regime. She said that because of the positive measures taken up by the state government, the power cut introduced by the DMK Government had been `completely removed’ from June 1, 2014.
The twin blow of power cut and possible hike in power cost however has come as a shocker to the industries in the region, particularly the power-dependent sectors like foundries and textile mills.
Explaining to Business Line the impact of the decisions, D Balasundaram, President, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers’ Association (TECA), Coimbatore, said different class of consumers would be affected differently because of the applicable tariff structure.
He said for HT consumers, for whom the effective power cost is Rs 7.20/unit now, the increase would work out to about Rs 1.90 to Rs 2 per unit of power. For power intensive industries like textile and foundries that abound in the region, the increase would push up the cost of production by 3-4 per cent.
For instance, for the textile industry power cost constitutes 11-12 per cent of production cost. For foundries, the share of power cost in cost of production is higher at 14-15 per cent. If the proposed rate hikes are notified, the increase in power cost would work to be about 35 per cent for HT users.
Balasundaram said not for all the power intensive industries, captive power was an option because of the steep generation cost of Rs 15 per unit, despite the fact that captive power was better than grid power in terms of quality. Continuous process industries like foundries and textile mills may not opt for captive generation for different reasons like sluggishness in demand during Diwali-Pongal period or the huge cost involved.
He said the industries also found the sourcing of power from other sources not attractive as the TANGEDCO charged Rs 3.60/unit of power that made the third party power prohibitively costly. He feared that the sudden development on the power front would impact any expansion plan of the industries. It is also possible that industries might look for other regions for fresh investment as the increase in power tariff and the impact of the power cut would push up the production cost steeply.
The Chief Minister in a press release had yesterday explained the rationale for the proposed increase in power tariff including hike in coal prices, debt burden for TNEB, increased wage and pension costs etc. But she had also assured that whatever might be the TNERC’s final decision on tariff after seeking the views of all stake holders, the government would provide increased subsidy so that the poor were not affected by any tariff revision.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

NCDEX to launch forward contractNCDEX launches forward contract in agri commodities
Suresh P Iyengar
‘Agrim Sauda’ will offer transparent trade practices and national market reach
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX) plans to launch a forward contract on its national level electronic platform from Thursday.
Unlike futures contracts, the quality and quantity of the commodity traded through forward contracts are decided mutually by the buyer and seller. The exchange provides guarantee for delivery.
Dubbed as Agrim Sauda, the facility will offer the benefits of transparent trade practices and national market reach through registered Farmer Producer Organisation.
Samir Shah, Managing Director, NCDEX, said the country needs well functioning agricultural markets to raise the income of farmers and provide high quality food to 1.25 billion consumers.
In addition to the farmers, Agrim Sauda will help almost every participant in the segment including processors, exporters, traders and other value chain members.
The Government procurement agencies can also benefit from this segment.
The facility may make price predictability less onerous and contribute to the development of storage infrastructure for traded commodities, said the exchange.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 35 points; capital goods  realty stocks major losersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red amid weak European cues.
After falling over 215 points in the late afternoon trade after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocation, the 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 31 points at 26,744.69.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE index Nifty, after declining below the 8,000 mark by falling 67.05 points or 0.84 per cent to 7,950.05, ended the session at 8,002.40, down 15.15 points.
Brokers said that the selling pressure was witnessed soon after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks, allotted since 1993. Besides, persistent selling by foreign funds also dampened the sentiment, they said.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 1,185.17 crore yesterday, as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Among BSE sectoral indices, capital goods index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, followed by realty 1.69 per cent, consumer durables 1.27 per cent and banking 1.08 per cent. On the other hand, FMCG index was up 1.75 per cent, followed by healthcare 0.55 per cent and oil & gas 0.23 per cent.
Coal India, HUL, Cipla, ITC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SBIN, Tata Steel, L&T, BHEL and TCS.
Most European stocks fell as a measure of German business confidence dropped and the dollar weakened from a four-year high.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slid 0.1 per cent and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.1 per cent at 9:55 a.m. in London.
US air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Modi effect: India back on US biz radar  says FICCI chief BirlaComments
India is back on the commercial map of the United States after being ignored for the past few years, according to Sidharth Birla, president, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI).
Birla is optimistic that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US will attract major US companies to invest in India. A week after Modi’s visit, union finance and defence minister, Arun Jaitley is also set to tour the US.
“FICCI will be organising two standalone events where we will invite top US business houses,” said Birla.
He said the industry body was hopeful that the finance minister would be find time to address the US and Indian business leaders. Later, FICCI also plans to organise a meeting of Indian business leaders in London with institutional forum, American Investors.
Jaitley is likely to address the meeting. “Business-to-business connect in America always follows a political comfort. The areas that could see an upturn can be infrastructure, manufacturing, and defence,” said Birla.
Birla described the Prime Minister’s ‘Make in India’ campaign  as a window of opportunity that foreign and Indian businesses will not miss.
At the same time, he called for requisite policy and implementation measures for enhancing the competitiveness of the manufacturing sector in the country.

Mila Kunis Sells Home for $3.8Mmila kunis sells home for $3.8m
Substantive outcome seen from PM s US visitGovt expects 'substantive' outcome from Modi's US visit
PTI     New Delhi/Washington   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 22:46 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
The country is expecting a "substantive" outcome from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's high-profile US visit from September 26 during which he will have nearly 50 engagements including a bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama and a speech at the UN General Assembly.
Briefing the reporters on the visit, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin in New Delhi also made it clear that the prime minister "looks forward and not backward" in a relationship when asked about Modi's boycott by the US after the Gujarat riots in 2002.
"We see Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first visit to New York and Washington as a signal of India's abiding commitment to multilateralism and of a desire to build on a growing convergences in Indo-US ties in the areas where we can work together and in areas where we can do more for each other," he said.
Giving the details of various facets of the Indo-US strategic relationship, the spokesperson said from "atom to outer space and everything in-between" are areas of cooperation between the two countries and the visit will provide an opportunity to enhance this cooperation.
He also said during the deliberations the focus will be trade and investment, energy, science and technology, defence, maritime as well as counter-terrorism and security.
He said the two countries would also explore ways to enhance cooperation in third countries including Afghanistan, which is undergoing transition, and Africa.
"I can assure that there will be substantive outcomes.", the spokesperson said.
During his over 100 hours of stay in the US, Modi will deliver his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly that will among other issues focus on need for reforms in the UN with India being included as Permanent Member in the Security Council given the country's role in major UN initiatives such as peacekeeping.
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with Obama.
The series of engagements - estimated to be over 50 in a little over 100 hours from the time Air India One touches down at the John F Kennedy international airport in New York on September 26 till the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington on September 30 evening - are all aimed at achieving Modi's goal of a resurgent India.
In his interactions with top American CEOs, a majority of whom are said to be from Fortune 500, the Prime Minister would be rolling out his policy of "red carpet and not red tape" to invite them to come, invest and make in India.
In his interaction with leaders like American business magnate and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Modi would be listening to his experience of smart cities.
In his address to nearly 20,000 Indian-Americans and in his subsequent meetings with the Indian diaspora, Modi is expected to seek their "partnership" in a resurgent India, which occupies its due place in the international community.
Modi would also be meeting the top American political leadership ranging from former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Indian-American South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley.
Modi will be hosted for tea by Speaker of the US House of Representatives John Boehner and more than 50 lawmakers during his stay either in New York or Washington.
In Washington, there is a very high level of expectation from Modi's meeting with President Obama.
Obama has gone out of his way to host a rare private dinner for Modi at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the Indian leader.
Ahead of his main summit at the White House on September 30, Modi would visit the Martin Luther King Memorial and Lincoln Memorial in Washington and pay floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi's statue in front of the Indian Embassy.
This would be for the first time that an Indian Prime Minister would have so many public and private engagements during a US visit.
With an unusually lean and thin delegation on board, Modi would be received by Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar and Indian Ambassador to the UN, Asoke Mukerji on his arrival on September 26.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio would make a courtesy call on the Prime Minister shortly after he arrives.
Modi would also meet Nobel laureate Harold Eliot Varmus, who is the current Director of the National Cancer Institute.
He would begin the next day, September 27, with a visit to the 9/11 memorial in New York, after which he is expected to drive down to the United Nations headquarters to address the 69th annual session of UN General Assembly. His speech will be televised live in India.
Following his address, Modi is scheduled to have a series of bilateral meetings with a host of world leaders. He would also meet UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon.
On Saturday, Modi would meet Bloomberg, mainly because of his involvement in smart city projects.
Modi is interested in seeking Bloomberg's views on the ambitious 100 smart cities project that his government has undertaken after coming to power in May this year.
The same day, the Prime Minister will drive down to the historic Central Park to address the annual Global Citizens Initiative, which aims at building a sustainable world community for all.
Modi is expected to deliver an address to the thousands of people who would gather at the Central Park for the event.
Later in the evening, Modi would meet a small group of eminent Indian-Americans, with whom he would like to talk essentially about the role the community can play in achieving his goal of inclusive growth, resurgent India and to strengthen the India-US relationship.
September 28 is a day dedicated to the Indian diaspora on his calendar, wherein he would address some 20,000 Indian- Americans - from 48 US and five Canadian provinces - at the Madison Square Garden, with several thousand people watching him live at the iconic Times Square.
Several Congressmen, including Indian-American Ami Bera are scheduled to either listen to Modi's speech at Madison Square Garden or attend the community dinner hosted in his honour by the Indian ambassador later in the evening.
On Monday, September 29, Modi is expected to begin his day with a meeting with top American CEOs.

Rocket Internet eyes6.2bn floatRocket Internet prices shares at market capitalisation of €6.2bn
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b60414a-4355-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should you protect your gainsShould you protect your gains?
By Elliot Raphaelson, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
Finance
If you have been investing in the stock market for the last five years or so, you know that the results have been excellent. Since the stock recovery started in March 2009, the market has increased at an annual rate of approximately 25 percent through July 2014. It is not unusual for a market drop of 10 percent or more at the end of a lengthy period of stock market gains. However, no one can tell you when or if you should protect your gains in some way. How you proceed depends on a number of considerations.
If you have a stable job and more than 20 years before retirement, and you have a diversified common stock portfolio, there is no compelling reason to sell your common stocks, whether they are in mutual funds, exchange-traded funds (ETFs) or individual securities. On a long-term basis, common stocks should do better than bonds or other conservative investments such as CDs, savings accounts and money-market instruments. You should maintain a significant percentage of your portfolio in common stocks. Even if there is a short-term fall in stock prices, time is still on your side. In the long run, as long as you maintain a diversified portfolio of common stocks, you should be able to stay ahead of inflation and have a prosperous retirement.
0
If you are retired or close to retirement, it is important to have a balanced portfolio, with a significant proportion invested in bonds. Balancing is important. I do it at least once a year. If you have not balanced your portfolio recently, it is likely that the proportion of common stocks has increased relative to bonds. For example, assume a few years ago, you determined that you wanted your portfolio to be 60 percent stocks and 40 percent bonds. Because of the increase in common stock prices, your portfolio now might be 70 percent stocks vs. 30 percent bonds. It would be prudent to sell some of your stock holdings and go back to a 60-40 ratio. In that way you are protecting some of your gains in case there is a general fall in common stock prices.
It is hard to predict Federal Reserve policy. However, with interest rates as low as they are, it is likely that they will trend upwards. Thus, it's prudent not to have the majority of your bond holdings in long-term issues. If long-term rates increase substantially, long-term bonds, even Treasurys, will fall substantially in value. I maintain most of my holdings in intermediate-term bonds (both in mutual funds and ETFs.) In this way, I receive moderate income without a great deal of capital risk if long-term rates increase a great deal. If you have short-term needs, such as tuition payments or a down payment for a home, then you should keep these funds in short-term investments, such as short-term bonds, Treasury bills and money-market instruments.
If you have substantial investments in individual common stocks that have increased greatly in value, you have other options. The most conservative is to sell all of your shares and conserve all your profits. However, if you are confident that the underlying company will continue to increase its profits, and the stock will continue to do well, you can sell some of your holdings and reinvest the proceeds in more conservative vehicles such as diversified mutual funds or ETFs, or intermediate-term bonds.
Another alternative is using a stop-loss order. That's an order to sell a stock that is triggered when the share price reaches a specified level. For example, suppose you bought a stock at $20 per share. It is now selling for $38. You think it will increase more in value but you want to protect some of your gains. You can put a stop-loss order at $35. If the stock does fall to $35, your shares will be sold at prevailing market prices. If the stock continues to increase in value, you can cancel your previous stop-loss order and place a new one at a higher price.
If you have done well in the stock market, congratulations. If you want to protect your gains, however, you should consider some of the options discussed. Commons stocks prices don't always go in one direction.
(Elliot Raphaelson welcomes your questions and comments at elliotraph@gmail.com .)
(c) 2014 ELLIOT RAPHAELSON. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Dead photographers kin look for answers in receding watersShafat’s son with family members at their Srinagar home. ( Source: Express photo by Shuaib masoodi )
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:45 am
In the story of the devastating flood in J&K, Shafat Sidiq is a braveheart of a unique kind. Unlike several youths who died trying to save trapped people, Shafat was a storyteller who lost his life while documenting the fury of the Jhelum waves.
He was among the senior photojournalists working in Kashmir and his colleagues say this flood was his only assignment when he couldn’t file his pictures. When his body was found five days after he went missing on September 7, his cameras were hanging around his neck.
Shafat is survived by wife Yasmeen, 18-month-old son Mohammad, ailing father Mohammad Sidiq, mother Saleema and two sisters. The family was dependent on his earnings.
His family said Shafat was working with Dainik Jagran newspaper for years. “He was sent by his office to take photographs, why didn’t they look for him,’’ Shafat’s mother Saleema Bano asked. “I will have this complaint till I die. We don’t know what happened to him. How did he die? How long was he in the water? His newspaper didn’t even contact us for those five days while we searched for him”.
However, Jagran editor in J&K, Abhimanyu Sharma, said he was a stringer who contributed pictures “shouqia” (as a hobby). “He didn’t have a contract with us. He was only paid for the pictures he took for us,’’ he said. Sharma said his organisation is trying to find ways to help his family.
Shafat’s uncle Bashir Ahmad said he had received a call from his office on the morning of September 7.
“They wanted him to go and take a picture at Ghanta Ghar (clock tower in Lal Chowk). He had no fuel in his car. They called him again and he went out to fetch petrol and then left at around 10.30 am,’’ Ahmad said.
Saleema said Shafat had promised to be back in an hour. “When he didn’t return till 6 in the evening, we went to Zaina Kadal police station,” she said. Somebody from Batamaloo, the family said, told them that Shafat’s body with his identity card and the cameras was found. The body was brought to his home in Rahbab Sahib Aaali Kadal on Thursday.
Shafat’s wife Yasmeen cried as she talked about him. Their son Mohammad was playing with his defunct camera. “There is nothing left in my life. I only wish I can raise this boy well now,’’ Yasmeen said.

Buy ITC  Sell Asian Paints Today: Sanjeev BhasinIndian stock markets are likely to consolidate on Wednesday after their sharpest fall of the month. Volatility has increased with futures & options expiry slated for tomorrow.
Global cues are also weak and they accentuated yesterday's sharp sell-off.
For today, these stocks may do well,
1) Buy ITC: 367-372, stop loss 360, target 385
2) Sell Asian Paints: 634-638, stop loss 650, target 609
Expect expiry to be between 8,000 and 8,100 and this option calendar spread on Nifty may do well,
Sell September 8,100 call at 12-15, sell September 8000 put at 24-26 for a total premium of 36-38; Buy October 8100 call at 110-115, buy October 8000 put at 84-87 for a total premium of 197-200. Net premium paid = 160-163; Square up on Thursday around 178-185.
Also carrying yesterday's pair,
Buy Wipro: 578-583, stop loss 567, target 609
Sell Infosys: 3630-3670, stop loss 3715, target 3510
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 08:40 (IST)

For Make in India  it s Talk to America during PM Narendra Modi s US visitFor Make in India, it's Talk to America during PM Narendra Modi's US visit
Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
Sep 24 2014, 08:29  IST
 

Mkt driven by global cues  bullish on ACC: P Lilladher08:00 am
Indian market as well as other emerging markets are driven by global cues, is the word coming in from Ajay Bodke of Prabhudas Lilladher. He expects the Indian market to remain volatile.
India VIX rose to 7.3 percent on Tuesday, its biggest increase since August 1. Bodke says the rally in certain parts of the midcaps has gone too far and investors seem to be taking some money off the table.
On the much-awaited Supreme Court decision on coal block de-allocation, he says if the apex court does not adhere to the government’s plea to spare 46 coal blocks that are functioning or are about to start production, then the market will be under pressure.
He is positive on the agrochemical space, especially  UPL and PI Industries . In the cement space, he likes companies like  ACC and JK Lakshmi Cement . His preferred bet in auto ancillaries are  LG Balakrishna n and Motherson Sumi . In engineering space, it is  Cummins and  Crompton Greaves and in midcap IT space - KPIT Technologies .
RELATED NEWS

Seen good fund flow into EMs like India: Geoff Lewis08:00 am
Asian equities are trading mixed this morning. But, overnight -- marking its first back-to-back triple-digit losses in more than three months -- the Dow Jones fell over 100 points. Infact over the last 3 month, the CBOE Volatility Index has risen 21 percent.
Even the Euro zone business activity expanded at a slightly weaker pace than expected in September as firms cut prices for the 30th month in a row, a survey showed on Tuesday.
Markit's Composite Flash Purchasing Managers' Index, based on surveys of thousands of companies across the region and seen as a good indicator of growth, dipped to a nine-month low of 52.3.
The index has been above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction since July 2013 although Markit said the latest survey pointed to third-quarter economic growth of just 0.3 percent.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Geoff Lewis, Executive Director of JPMorgan Asset Management, says that there is low risk of Europe falling back into recession and that he is not too worried about the weak EU PMI data.
On emerging markets, Lewis says that investors have been taking profits out of the Chinese market and adding it to other markets like Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. But there has been a reasonably large fund flow into EMs like India. He says the local investors are buying into India after years of selling on the back of renewed hope and confidence from the new government.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Out of poll race  AAP plans to expose corrupt candidatesAAP plans to expose corrupt candidates
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 24, 2014
First Published: 00:49 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:06 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) may not be fighting the upcoming Assembly elections, but it still plans to be part of the electoral process. The party will act as a watchdog and plans to expose corrupt candidates as well as run a campaign against electoral malpractices.
Advertisement
The citizen-centric campaign will be called ‘Jagrut Nagrik’.
According to Priti Sharma Menon, AAP spokesperson, the whole initiative is to encourage participatory democracy. “We will publish pamphlets and hold meetings and street plays exposing corrupt candidates and encourage citizens to vote for clean candidates,” said Menon. AAP will also start a drive against the menace of black money, alcohol and other bribes paid to lure the voters. “Our helpline will guide people to fight these corrupt practices and we will take to the streets to protest against this menace,” she added.
The party plans to team up with citizens to prepare a ‘Citizens Charter’ and will demand that the candidates pledge to implement them after winning the election.
After its disastrous performance in the Lok Sabha elections, where the party lost deposits in 47 of the 48 constituencies it contested from, the AAP central wing decided against contesting the state Assembly polls. The AAP also directed its workers not to support or campaign for anyone, but to undertake a voter-centric drive. “There may be good candidates, but we don’t have the means to evaluate them and hence have decided to be neutral and educate the people to elect clean candidates,” said Menon.

Three sentenced in Venezuela over ex-beauty queen killingPrint
Agence-France Presse | Caracas | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:00 pm
Three men were sentenced to more than 20 years in prison in Venezuela over the killing of an ex-beauty queen and her partner.
All three, aged 18, 19 and 21, pleaded guilty to the crime on Tuesday, the attorney general’s office said.
The victims in the January roadside robbery and shooting were former beauty queen Monica Spear and her partner Thomas Berry.
The three sentenced were among 10 people charged with the crime. Two of them were minors. Spear was Miss Venezuela in 2004.
In a robbery turned violent, she and Berry were shot to death in their car January 6 in front of their five-year-old daughter Maya on a road in the north of the violence-plagued country.
The killings caused an uproar inside Venezuela and abroad. They caused President Nicolas to move up implementation of a nationwide anti-crime plan.
The UN says Venezuela suffers from a homicide rate of 53 per 100,000 inhabitants, making it the second most violent country in the world after Honduras.

SC to decide fate of coal blocks today  top companies keep fingers crossedSC to decide fate of coal blocks today, top companies keep fingers crossed
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 06:12 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:20 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
India's top private and government companies in key industries - power, steel and cement - are keeping their fingers crossed, fearing cancellation of coal mines allotted to them years ago.
The Supreme Court will deliver on Wednesday its verdict on how 193 coal blocks "illegally" allocated between 1993 and 2010 should be treated.
The apex court had said last month the coal blocks were allocated illegally and arbitrarily since  by various regimes at the Centre on the recommendation of a bureaucrats' panel.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
The court, which had condemned the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings, however, had stopped short of cancelling them, saying, "what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled".
Now, the fate of 193 mines, some of which were given about two decades ago and haven't started hauling coal yet, hang in balance.
The potential investments that may get affected together could top Rs. 2 lakh crore.
Companies that could take a hit include Vedanta, Essar, Jindal Steel and Power, JSW, NTPC, SAIL and Hindalco, among others.
The government's top lawyer, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi, had told the court earlier this month that if all blocks are cancelled, state giant Coal India be allowed to take over active mines, or companies be allowed to continue production until the blocks are re-auctioned, in order to avoid supply disruptions.
The apex court's verdict will make it clear whether these blocks would be re-allocated or will be just asked to pay a penalty.
States such as Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh have written to the Centre, requesting it not to consider re-allocation of coal blocks in its suggestions to the court, as it would lead to escalation in the cost of mining.
(With Agency inputs)

Renault Duster AWD launched in India  price starts at Rs 11.89 lakhE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New Moto X now available on Flipkart from Rs 31 999onwardsMotorola announced on Wednesday that the new Moto X version will be available on Flipkart from September 24 onwards. (Source: Express archives)
Express News Service | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 8:16 am
Motorola announced on Wednesday that the new Moto X will be available on Flipkart starting midnight of September 24th for Rs 31,999 (16GB) and Rs 33,999 for the wood finish and leather back panel model.
 
The company claims it has used authentic materials such as FSC® certified woods and genuine Horween® leather for a better hand feel.
 
The new Moto X features a curved metal frame, a 2.5 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon quad-core processor with 2GB RAM, a 5.2” Full HD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, a 13MP rear camera and runs on the Android KitKat 4.4.4 OS.
 

Amit Shahs Mumbai visitcancelledPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 1:58 pm
BJP president Amit Shah’s visit to Mumbai on Wednesday has been cancelled, a party spokesperson said here.
“Shah’s visit today has been cancelled,” state BJP spokesperson Keshav Upadhye said.
Shah was earlier expected to reach here this evening amid the impasse over seat sharing among ‘Mahayuti’ (grand alliance) partners. He was expected to discuss the alliance tangle with senior state BJP leaders, party sources had said earlier on Wednesday.
A meeting of the Mahayuti leaders held here late last night remained inconclusive with the junior members insisting on more seats and expressing their displeasure over the 151 for Shiv Sena, 130 for BJP and seven for allies seat-sharing formula proposed by Sena for the Maharashtra Assembly polls scheduled for next month.
The saffron combine has four junior partners — Raju Shetti’s Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha led by Mahadeo Janker, Vinayak Mete’s Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale’s RPI(A).
Shetti had earlier said that giving seven seats to four parties was an ‘insult’ to them and that would not be accepted.
“If the Sena distributes seven seats among four alliance partners, it will be an insult to us. Sena and BJP can fight elections on all 288 seats and satisfy their egos,” he had said.
Athawale was reportedly miffed with Sena’s proposal and had left midway during the discussions late last night.
Meanwhile, Shah is scheduled to launch an integrated residential complex for trainees along with an auditorium at the Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini in adjoining Thane district on Thursday.

US  interested  in India s domestic transi...domestic transition
(The US has said it is "deeply…)
WASHINGTON: The US has said it is "deeply interested" in partnering India in its domestic transition that has been prioritised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and benefit from Indian innovation and entrepreneurship.
"Prime Minister Modi prioritises India's domestic transformation by strengthening its economy and addressing the challenges that impede economic growth. The United States is deeply interested in partnering with India to be a part of that domestic transformation," Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal said.
"We believe we can contribute capacity, technology, and best practices. And in return we can benefit from the innovation and entrepreneurship for which India is known," she said noting that the new Prime Minister has come in with a solid domestic vision for the country.
"India's deepening role in the region and around the world is one that we support, and India's new administration has kicked off engagement in the region with the Prime Minister's invitation of regional leaders to his swearing in ceremony," she said.
"Our relationship is founded on the principle that a strong India is in the US interest. A consequential partnership in addressing challenges globally is not only in the US interest, but also the global interest," Biswal said in an interaction with members of the Asia Society last week.
Noting that there is a natural affiliation between the two societies and between private sectors, she said as India grows, the US is deeply invested in allowing and enabling India to grow in a way that is more sustainable and efficient in terms of its societal and environmental impacts.
"Domestic transformation also enables India to have a greater voice in regional and global affairs, and that is certainly something that we very much welcome. There is a lot at stake in being part of India's domestic transformation, and we think Prime Minister Modi's visit will highlight opportunities for further collaboration between our two countries," she said.
India lends a voice that very much aligns with America's goals and objectives on stability and security across the region in areas such as freedom of navigation and maritime security as well as broader cooperation on combating terrorism and extremism, Biswal said.
"We are also harnessing the intellect and innovation within India on research, and dealing with issues that both challenge India and the world. As we invest in India and strengthen its capabilities, these are areas where the country will play an increasing leadership role in addressing these global issues," the US official said.
"Energy is another area where we have had a long and deep collaboration. We understand India's need to be able to increase its supply of, and access to, energy to fuel its economy. We understand India's desire for energy security as well as the need to emphasise cleaner sources of energy and minimise and mitigate dependencies on energy from places like Iran," Biswal said.
"We want to work with India in advancing its energy needs in a way that comports with these other areas of concern," she said.
She reiterated that the US is not only looking forward to an engagement between the two leaders and governments, but also to the time the Prime Minister will spend in New York meeting with the private sector and the Indian diaspora in the United States.
"This community has been a tremendous source of strength to the United States and American society, as well as an asset for deepening relations between the United States and India," Biswal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market @ 2: Red or green Sensex switching sides; Suzlon plunges 5%: top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Hul
Sensex down over 150 points, Nifty below 8,000; top 20 trading bets
ET Now Sep 24, 2014, 01.56PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Karande
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index managed to recoup some losses after falling below its crucial psychological level of 8000 in trade on Wednesday, led by gains in ITC, Infosys, HUL, RIL and HDFC Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also managed to bounce back from its intraday low of 26641.76, supported by gains in FMCG, pharma, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 2:15 pm, the Sensex was at 26,648.87; down 126.82 points. The Nifty was at 7,975.; down 42.55 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 775 and a stop loss of Rs 750
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 386 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Arvind is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 302
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
JustDial is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1525 and a stop loss of Rs 1620
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 610 and a stop loss of Rs 585
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 203 and a stop loss of Rs 213.50
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 235
BHEL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 202 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 608 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 217 and a stop loss of Rs 230
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 335
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 769 and a stop loss of Rs 747
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 198
Abhishek Karande , CMT, Technical Analyst - Institutional Research, SBICAP Securities
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 650 and a stop loss of Rs 574
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2580
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 405
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 745
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3650 and a stop loss of Rs 3585
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Slumps 200 Points After Supreme Court Cancels All But Four Coal Block AllocationsYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat Ahead of Coal Block Verdict
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today in the early trade as traders remained cautious of the Supreme Court ruling on coal blocks.
The top court will pronounce its verdict at 2 pm on 218 blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it.
Weak global cues also weighed on Indian markets. Asian stocks slipped on Wednesday as US-led air strikes in Syria curbed appetite for risky assets, while the dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical woes and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
Tracking overnight declines on Wall Street, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.2 per cent after momentarily touching a fresh four-month low.
The Sensex was down 15 points to 26,760 while Nifty fell 5 points to 8,012.
SV Prasad, chairman of Chime Consulting, said that Indian markets are in a pause mode ahead of the Supreme Court verdict and weak global cues like the contraction in French business activity and slower growth in German manufacturing this month.
Besides that buying of Indian equities from foreign investors has also slowed. In the previous five sessions, foreign institution investors (FIIs) sold on average Rs 295 crore of Indian equities daily. In comparison, they bought on average Rs 393 crore daily between September 9-15 and Rs 990 crore between September 1-8.
Some defensive buying was seen in FMCG and healthcare stocks. Among Nifty gainers, ITC, Lupin and HUL were up between 0.8 per cent and 2 per cent.
The BSE metal index was down 0.3 per cent ahead of the court verdict. JSPL was down 1.6 per cent while Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite were down between 0.6 per cent and 1 per cent. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 10:13 (IST)

Deltron appoints Susan Sujatha Lyall as compliance officerSep 24, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deltron appoints Susan Sujatha Lyall as compliance officer
Deltron Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Susan Sujatha Lyall, Company Secretary has been appointed as the Compliance Officer in the Board Meeting held on September 17, 2014 in place of Mrs. Kiran.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deltron appoints Susan Sujatha Lyall as compliance officer
Deltron Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Susan Sujatha Lyall, Company Secretary has been appointed as the Compliance Officer in the Board Meeting held on September 17, 2014 in place of Mrs. Kiran.
Post your opinion here
 
Deltron Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Susan Sujatha Lyall, Company Secretary has been appointed as the Compliance Officer in the Board Meeting held on September 17, 2014 in place of Mrs. Kiran.Source : BSE

Kapashi Commercial appoints Varsha Praful Dalal as independent directorSep 24, 2014, 01.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kapashi Commercial appoints Varsha Praful Dalal as independent director
Kapashi Commercial Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, have appointed Mrs. Varsha Praful Dalal as Independent Director and Mrs. Pooja Paresh Bagwe as Company Secretary.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kapashi Commercial appoints Varsha Praful Dalal as independent director
Kapashi Commercial Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, have appointed Mrs. Varsha Praful Dalal as Independent Director and Mrs. Pooja Paresh Bagwe as Company Secretary.
Post your opinion here
 
Kapashi Commercial Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 24, 2014, have appointed the following persons as detailed hereunder:1. Mrs. Varsha Praful Dalal as Independent Director.2. Mrs. Pooja Paresh Bagwe as Company Secretary.3. Mrs. Nandini Kapashi as Chief Financial Officer.Further the Company has informed that, Mr. Atul Vora resigned as Director of the Company due to his personal works.Source : BSE

Sensex trading marginally in the redSensex tanks 324 points as investors remain wary ahead of Fed policy meet
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 16:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly 1.4 per cent at the closing session as investors turned wary ahead of the Federal Reserve two-day policy meeting.
Investors braced for a possible hawkish shift in the Federal Reserve's policy stance in the lead-up to the US central bank's two-day policy meeting later in the day.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 324.05 points to end at 26,492.51 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 109.10 points to close at 7,932.90.
Among BSE sectoral indices, realty, power, PSU and infrastructure indices fell the most by 3.42 per cent, 3.26 per cent, 3.12 per cent and 3.05 per cent, respectively.
Dr Reddy's, HUL, ITC, Infosys and Sun Pharma were the top five Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were Tata Power, Tata Steel, Axis Bank, ONGC and L&T.
European markets
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index retreated 0.5 per cent to 342.23 at 11.15 a.m. in London. The equity gauge has fallen 1.9 per cent since reaching a two-month high on September 4 amid investor concern over the Scottish referendum and central-bank stimulus policies.
Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures lost 0.1 per cent, and the MSCI Asia Pacific Index fell 0.5 per cent.
Investors were reluctant to dip back into the market ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting, due to start today, and a referendum on independence for Scotland from the United Kingdom on Thursday.
Asian shares touch 10-week lows
Asian shares fell to 10-week lows on Tuesday as investors braced for a possible hawkish shift in the Federal Reserve's policy stance in the lead-up to the US central bank's two-day policy meeting later in the day.
Fed policy meet
Speculation that the Fed could raise interest rates sooner and faster than previously expected has rattled many share markets around the globe and supported the US dollar.
The Fed's Open Market Committee will begin its regular two-day policy meeting later on Tuesday, and investors will be scanning the outcome for clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years.
US central bank policymakers will also release fresh economic and interest-rate projections, extending their forecast horizon through 2017.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

IndiGo inks $2.6 bn deal with ICBCSave this video
Copy URL
Indian budget airline IndiGo has signed a $2.6 billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) for the lender to finance more than 30 new aircraft, the carrier said in a statement on Wednesday.
22

Arun Jaitley admitted again in hospitalArun Jaitley admitted again in hospital
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 22:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has been admitted to a hospital, following a slight deterioration in his medical condition.
Jaitley was earlier this month treated for certain diabetes condition at a private speciality hospital in the Capital.
Consequent to the latest development, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has cancelled the event slated for Monday for the launch of revamped Web site of the income-tax department at the hands of Jaitley.
Owing to his medical condition, Jaitley had recently skipped an important G20 finance ministers' meeting at Cairns, Australia.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Modi to observe strict fast during maiden trip to U.S.Modi to observe strict fast during maiden trip to U.S.
Reuters
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
NEW DELHI, Sept 22:  
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will observe a strict religious fast during his maiden trip to the United States, aides said on Monday, in a test both of the 64-year-old leader's stamina and of protocol in the Obama White House.
Throughout a gruelling schedule that features the United Nations General Assembly, a rally of Indian Americans at New York's Madison Square Garden and talks with Obama in Washington, the devout Hindu will abstain from food.
In keeping with the habits of a lifetime, Modi will restrict himself to a "liquid diet" throughout the Navratri festival, when India's majority Hindus worship mother goddess Durga in all her manifestations.
"He will only consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day," a senior official in Modi's office in New Delhi told Reuters.
"He has been fasting for the last four decades and does not want to change this pattern even while he is travelling," added the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Navratri, derived from the ancient Sanskrit words 'nine nights', falls this year from Sept. 25 to Oct. 3. The festival spans Modi's first trip to the United States since he triumphed in a general election in May.
It culminates on the tenth day, known as Dussehra, which marks the victory of good over evil.
Millions of Hindus fast, pray and dance to please the mother goddess during Navratri. Some restrict their diet to fruit and vegetables while spurning meat, onions and garlic. Others, like Modi, a strict vegetarian, do not eat at all.
"He wakes up at 4 a.m., meditates, prays and carries his own bottle of lemonade with him," said another government official who has worked closely with Modi for 12 years.
"Doctors had suggested that he should consume fruits and more juices but he has refused to make any dietary additions during the Navratri celebrations," said a senior minister in western state of Gujarat, where Modi served as chief minister for more than a decade.
"In the U.S. you will not see him having dinner or lunch with Obama," said the state minister, who is also close to Modi.
Another Indian government source said the White House had been informed of Modi's dietary requirements. The U.S. embassy in New Delhi declined to comment.
U.S. officials have indicated that President Barack Obama would not treat Modi to a state dinner, as Modi did not hold the rank of head of state. Obama did, however, accord this honour to Modi's predecessor, Manmohan Singh.
As a young man, Modi left home to seek enlightenment, finding inspiration from the writings of philosopher-monk Swami Vivekananda, who propagated the Hindu faith at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Can BJP win the Maharashtra polls without the Shiv Senacan bjp win the maharashtra polls without the shiv sena
Previous Poll | Will Chinese President Xi Jinpings India visit finally mend the tense ties between India and Chinaprevious poll | will chinese president xi jinpings india visit finally mend the tense ties between india and china
Dunlop set to reopenUpdated: September 22, 2014 23:27 IST
Dunlop set to reopen
The Hindu The unit, which once rolled out premium tyres, industrial conveyor belts, and other industrial rubber products, employs 800 people. File Photo
TOPICS
The management has been asked to pay Rs.5,000 towards the first instalment of the wage arrears to existing employees as also a certain sum to the kith and kin of deceased employees.
The Sahaganj unit of Dunlop India , closed since October 8, 2011, may reopen soon.
It is learnt that a tripartite pact has been signed to pave the way for reopening the unit. The meeting was held at the behest of West Bengal Labour Minister Moloy Ghatak.
The unit, which once rolled out premium tyres, industrial conveyor belts, and other industrial rubber products, employs 800 people.
The reopening is likely to be a phased one.
While a string of industrial units have been under suspension of work, throwing out of job thousands, the Labour Minister has been making all-out efforts to have them re-opened before the Durga Puja festival beginning September 30.
It is learnt that the Dunlop reopening could happen on September 25. The management has been asked to pay Rs.5,000 towards the first instalment of the wage arrears to existing employees as also a certain sum to the kith and kin of deceased employees.
The company said that the initiatives taken by the Labour Minister had paved the way for reopening of Dunlop India Ltd. 
“Today in a meeting chaired by the Minister a tripartite agreement has been reached for reopening the Sahaganj plant for refurbishment followed by commencement of production in a phased manner.
“The management expects the plant to reopen shortly”, a statement from the Ruia group said.

5 reasons how Yash Raj Films  men-at-work failed Daawat-e-IshqE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IS releases second video of British hostage John CantlieIn this still image taken from an first undated video published on the Internet by Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:15 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 10:57 am
The Islamic State militants have released a second video of British journalist John Cantlie in less than a week which shows him warning US-led coalition against carrying out military operations against his captors.
In the latest five-minute video, Cantlie warns that the United States and its allies are embarking on “Gulf War III”, adding “Not since Vietnam have we witnessed such a potential mess in the making”.
MUST READ: ISIS, ISIL or Islamic State (IS): Where the name makes a statement
“Current estimates of 15,000 troops needed to fight the Islamic State are laughably low. The State has more mujahideen than this. And this is not some undisciplined outfit with a few Kalashnikovs,” Cantlie said in the video.
Dressed in orange against a backdrop showing cuttings from the ‘New York Times’, the 43-year-old freelance photojournalist introduces himself as “the British citizen abandoned by my government and long-term prisoner of the Islamic State”.
The video follows the similar pattern to the first video featuring the journalist and is introduced with the title “Lend Me Your Ears” and “Messages From The British Detainee John Cantlie”.
He describes the IS as the “most powerful jihadist movement seen in recent history” and that the US led group could not harm it.
The IS, which now controls roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, has beheaded two US journalists – James Foley and Steven Sotloff and a British aid worker – David Haines, as they have threatened to kill another British captive named Alan Henning.
Cantlie, who in July 2012 escaped an earlier kidnapping in Syria, returned to the country towards the end of 2012 and got kidnapped second time by the extremists.
His whereabouts are not known but it is likely that Cantlie is being held in Syria where other hostages were beheaded.
This latest clip has been circulated as the US and its allies launch air strikes against IS in Syria. UK forces are not involved but the government says it has not ruled itself out.

PM Modi to Hard Sell India Story to Fortune 500 CEOs in US VisitYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi to Hard Sell India Story to Fortune 500 CEOs in US Visit
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:57 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies during his visit to the US later this week. The visitors' list will comprise of top bosses from global bigwigs such as Google, Boeing, IBM, Goldman Sachs, MasterCard and Pepsi, the Ministry of External Affairs said on Tuesday.
In all, the Prime Minister is expected to meet heads of 17 large global corporations. A group of 11 CEOs - including Google's Eric Schmidt, Citigroup's Michael Corbat, Carlyle Group co-CEO David Rubenstein, Cargill CEO David MacLennan, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, Caterpillar CEO Dough Oberhelman, MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga and Pepsico CEO Indra Nooyi - will meet PM Modi over breakfast on September 29.
Six others have a one-on-one appointment with PM Modi. These include Goldman Sachs's Lloyd Blankfein, Boeing's James McNerney, BlackRock's Laurence Fink, IBM's Ginni Rometty, General Electric's Jeff Immelt and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) co-Chairmen and CEOs Henry Kravis and George Roberts, said Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
These high-profile meetings come at a time when the new government is trying to hard sell India as a global manufacturing hub. PM Modi's "Make in India" campaign, which will be launched on Thursday, aims to promote export-oriented manufacturing, heavy infrastructure building and urbanisation.
(Also read: PM Modi's 'Make in India' Push to Drive Investments, Create Jobs )
The ambitious plan aims to push manufacturing growth to 10 per cent per year, but needs massive investment, part of which is likely to come from global corporates willing to set up factories in the country.
Over the past decade, gross foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows into India have averaged less than 2 per cent of GDP. The new government has liberalised defense manufacturing and insurance sectors to attract FDI, but analysts say the government needs to do much more to attract foreign capital.
In all, India's gross investment rate will have to go up from 31 per cent of GDP in 2013-14 to 38-40 per cent of GDP for tangible results over the next five years, Deutsche Bank estimates.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 17:10 (IST)

Magna to open two new plants at SanandHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Magna to open two new plants at Sanand
Rajesh Kurup
Rising demand: Magna eyes growth in the chassis and seat-making segments. In the picture, its Chennai plant
Production to start in 2015
Detroit (Michigan), Sept 23:  
Magna International is setting up two new facilities in Sanand, Gujarat, as the Canadian auto components giant continues to expand its engineering and manufacturing footprint.
On commissioning, the company’s total number of manufacturing locations in the country will rise to 11.
The company, however, did not disclose the investments it would be making in the two facilities.
“We are positioned to grow with the market. These facilities will help in meeting the demands of the growing automotive sector in the country,” Deval Desai, executive director and country manager India, Magna International, told visiting journalists.
At its first facility — a 2.15-lakh sq ft plant, employing about 200 people — the company will make complete seat systems for a leading automaker, Desai said, declining to name the client.
At its second unit, Magna will manufacture body and chassis systems for multiple customers. The 3.56-lakh sq ft plant will employ about 400 people.
The new facilities would commence volume production in 2015, he said.
India sales expected to rise
The company is expecting its India sales to rise more than six times to $300 million in 2016 from about $50 million in 2013.
“Primarily, growth will come from metal stamping, body and chassis, power train and seat manufacturing,” Desai said. At present, Magna’s presence in India includes a 2.79-lakh sq ft body and chassis plant in Pune, a 2.25-lakh sq ft body and chassis plant in Chennai, a seating design and engineering centre in Pune and a vacuum pump manufacturing unit in Bangalore.
The company, which has General Motors, Volkswagen, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra as clients, employs 1,600 personnel in India.
Separately, Magna has entered a 50:50 joint venture with Tata AutoComp Systems to develop seats for commercial vehicles in India.
Tie-up with Tata AutoComp
The venture will focus on developing seats for commercial vehicle manufacturers and buses, Magna International Chief Technology Officer Swamy Kotagiri said.
The venture, to be headquartered in Pune, will provide seats to future Tata Marcopolo products and other Tata commercial vehicles, Kotagiri said.
Magna has also won an order from Mahindra & Mahindra to develop a ladder frame for a new vehicle.
The company did not reveal specifics of the order.
(This correspondent was in Detroit to cover the Battery Show at the invitation of a number of auto firms).
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Syndicate Bank Chief S K Jain SackedYou are here: Home Corporates
Syndicate Bank Chief SK Jain Sacked
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
State-owned Syndicate Bank on Tuesday said that it has terminated its suspended chairman and managing director Sudhir Kumar Jain's term, with immediate effect.
"Syndicate Bank has informed the Exchange that the Central Government (vide their letter dated 22.09.2014), in terms of Sub-Clause (1A) of Clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/1980 has terminated the term of office of Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank with immediate effect," the public sector bank said in a notice to BSE.
Mr Jain, who is in CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) custody presently, was arrested by the central agency on August 2 for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of procedures.
On the day of Mr Jain's arrest, the CBI claimed to have recovered cash to the tune of Rs 21 lakh from his residence besides gold worth Rs. 1.68 crore and fixed deposits of up to Rs. 63 lakh.
Along with Mr Jain, 11 others including CMD (chairman and managing director) and directors of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries have been booked by the CBI - under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
The Syndicate Bank stock closed 3.07 per cent down on the NSE. In comparison the broader Nifty and the Sensex both ended 1.58 per cent down.
(With agency inputs)

Pidilite Buys Ahmedabad-Based Blue Coat s Adhesive Unit for Rs 263 CroreSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Pidilite Industries on Tuesday said it has acquired the adhesive business of Blue Coat for Rs 263.57 crore.
"Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore," the company said in a statement.
Blue Coat, which has a manufacturing plant in Baddi in Himachal Pradesh, has brands including Bluecoat Plus, Bluecoat Marine, Bluecoat D3, Bluecoat Aqua, Bluecoat Dual, Bluegrip 5000, Bluecoat A1, among others.
"Pidilite Industries will continue to support and grow these brands," it said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 19:17 (IST)

Soft Data  Syria Strikes Hit US  European MarketsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Chief Economic Adviser Allianz SEDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Lenders struggle to engage with customersLenders struggle to engage with customers
By Sharlene Goff
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/2efd02f8-3cbb-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coalition allies have different targetsCoalition allies have different targets in Iraq and Syria
By Sam Jones, Defence and Security Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/898c3210-4324-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WTO cuts 2014 trade growth forecast to 3.1 per centE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NCP wants CM s post on rotation  dispute on six seats: Rane5
0
Nashik: Congress election campaign committee chief Narayan Rane on Tuesday said alliance partner NCP has demanded the post of chief minister on rotational basis should the alliance come to power.
Rane, who is closely involved in talks with Sharad Pawar's party to break the logjam over sharing of seats for October 15 Assembly elections, said NCP wanted that the post of chief minister be rotated between itself and Congress for a term of 2.6 years each if the ruling partners get elected again.
"Our talks with NCP over allocation of seats are on but they have now raised the demand for the CM's post on rotation. Moreover, there is a disagreement between two parties over Karad, Bhokar, Kudal, Chimur, Navapur and Varora seats," he told reporters here after attending a party rally.
Congress election campaign committee chief Narayan Rane on Tuesday said alliance partner NCP has demanded the post of chief minister on rotational basis should the alliance come to power.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #narayan rane #ncp #congress
While Karad South is currently represented by Congress' Vilasrao Patil, the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has staked a claim for it as he hails from the town in western Maharashtra.
Bhokar is represented by former chief minister Ashok Chavan, Kudal by Rane himself, Chimur and Warora by Congress, and Nawapur by Samjwadi Party.
Seat-sharing talks between Congress and NCP are hitherto inconclusive as the latter is keen on 144 seats while Congress is offering it 124 seats to contest. The deadlock could not ended on Tuesday despite senior leaders from both sides held direct talks in Mumbai.
However, speaking to reporters in Mumbai, Chavan declined to confirm whether NCP had sought chief minister's post for half of the five-year term if the ruling alliance retains power.
Addressing the rally, Rane accused Narendra Modi government at Centre of "taking credit for the works done by the erstwhile Congress-led UPA regime at Centre."
"The BJP government is taking undue credit of work done by us. It was the Congress government which brought rail to Kashmir," he said.
Rane also criticised Shiv Sena and its president Uddhav Thackeray on various issues.
0

Downgrade TTK Prestige  time for pause: Standard CharteredE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Expect no rate cut in FY15Expect no rate cut in FY15
Dharmakirti Joshi |  Sep 24, 2014 12:42 AM IST
In August, Wholesale Price Index (WPI)-based inflation registered a five-year low of 3.7 per cent and Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation too nudged below 8 per cent. However, WPI is no longer RBI's preferred inflation gauge, so there is no point hairsplitting over it. RBI's interest rate decision will be guided primarily by the trajectory of overall CPI-based inflation. What this means is that a sustainable decline in food inflation, which has over 50 per cent weight in CPI, will be the key to cuts in repo rates.
CPI-based inflation has been on a downward trajectory from 10.2 per cent in 2012-13. In this financial year, we expect it to drop to 8 per cent due to some positive developments, notably the softening of global crude prices and some proactive steps by the government to control food inflation. These factors will help rein in CPI-based inflation within the central bank's target of 8 per cent by January 2015, but it is next year's stiff target of 6 per cent (by January 2016) that will keep the RBI hawkish on the rate front. Over the next few months, low crude prices will keep a tab on inflation via direct and indirect effects.
The government's resolve thus far not to raise minimum support prices, its decision to release excess food stocks and extend credit lines to states to import edible oil pulses, and crack down on hoarding will all help keep a check on price rise in these categories. But the risk to food inflation this year from fruit and vegetables and coarse cereals remains.
The decline in core CPI-based inflation (excluding food and fuel) to 6.9 per cent in August, the lowest since its inception in 2012, does not give much relief. If we exclude household requisites and transportation from core CPI, core inflation in August remained unchanged from 7.7 per cent in July. With the pick in growth, core inflation could come under pressure again.
Soft crude prices will cut fuel subsidy bill and help contain fiscal slippage this year. This does give the RBI leeway to continue to cut Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) in its end-September bi-monthly policy, but not enough room to cut the repo rate.
The author is chief economist at CRISIL

Is smart money on smartphone bankingSeptember 23, 2014 9:02 pm
Is smart money on smartphone banking?
By Michael Dempsey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/a7a7cb42-3cbc-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stock market crash wipes out Rs 1.65 lakh crore from investor wealthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBS forced to cut price of Citizens IPORBS forced to cut price of Citizens IPO
By Camilla Hall, Martin Arnold and Nicole Bullock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d94d4ba6-4327-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India creates history as Isro successfully inserts Mangalyaan into Mars orbitIndia creates history as Isro successfully inserts Mangalyaan into Mars orbit
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 24, 2014 08:02 AM IST
September 24 will go down in history as a red letter day. Around 8 am on Wednesday, the India Space Research Organisation (Isro) successfully inserted its spacecraft 'Mangalyaan' into Mars' orbit, making India the first country to successfully carry out such a mission in its maiden attempt.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi witnessed the historic event from Isro's Spacecraft Control Centre at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network in Bangalore. "Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals," he said after the successful insertion of Mangalyaan into Martian orbit, adding that even if the mission had been a failure he would have been the first to back the scientists involved. 
ALSO READ:  5 things that Mangalyaan will do in Mars orbit
The chain of events that started at 4.17 a.m. with the spacecraft change over to Medium Gain Antenna, followed by series of orbiter insertion steps and finally, the reverse Manoeuver, culminated in the insertion into orbit of the spacecraft. After conducting a carefully controlled chain of events over almost four hours, Isro confirmed the Mission successful.
However, it was not without its nail-biting moments.
On September 22nd, Isro conducted the fourth Trajectory Correction Manoeuvre and a test firing of Main Liquid Engine, which was in sleep mode for nearly 300 days onboard spacecraft. The test firing was crucial considering the fact it would allow MOM to go-ahead with nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI). The success came even as the unmanned probe has entered the Mars Gravitational Sphere of Influence on the same day.
Nearly after 300 days of travel, the Indian spacecraft reached the Red Planet as scheduled on September 24th.
The Mission
The $74 million bill for India’s Mars Orbiter Mission is the lowest compared to missions of other space agencies. For instance, NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN's (MAVEN), which reached Mars on September 21, cost was $617 million.
ALSO READ:  Four long hours and the Isro team
Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit.
The Mission is primarily technological mission considering the critical mission operations and stringent requirements on propulsion and other bus systems of spacecraft. It has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of mars and carry out limited study of Martian atmosphere with five payloads including Mars Colour Camera (MCC), Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer (TIS), Methane Sensor for Mars (MSM), Mars Exospheric Neutral Composition Analyser (MENCA) and Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP).
India is the first Asian country and Isro is the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the Red Planet.
ALSO READ:  The five instruments of Mangalyaan
European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts. Given the high rate of failures -- only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries have been successful -- the success of MOM in the very first attempt is certain to boost India's global standing in space research.

Where everything Kanda owns is a landmarkGopal Kanda in conversation with voters at a saree shop in Sirsa city during his campaign. ( Source: Express photo by Gajendra yadav )
Written by Dipankar Ghose | Sirsa | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:00 am
Two hundred and sixty-six kilometres separate his two identities. In Delhi, his is a name seeped in controversy and taken in whispers, a man accused of abetting the suicide of an air-hostess who worked in his airline. In Sirsa, Gopal Goyal Kanda is a millionaire, philanthropist, religious head, leader of a political party, and the local MLA. Geetika Sharma finds no mention, except in rivals’ campaigns.
For most of the drive between Delhi and Sirsa that cuts through Haryana’s green fields, there is very little to suggest Kanda or his Haryana Lokhit Party is a significant presence in the elections. It is only in Hisar that the first signs appear. The scribble of a kite, the party’s symbol, his name next to it, begins to emerge with increasing regularity on the walls of homes. And in Sirsa, the massive billboards begin. “Baar baar diya sabko baari, ab dekhe Kanda ki yaari,” they say.
A lot in Sirsa city speaks of Kanda’s stature. On the outskirts, his home is called the kutiya, or hut, but it resembles a fort that forbids entry. The palace has 14 bedrooms, they say. He once owned a shoe shop in Sirsa marketplace. That now is the camp office of his party. “In this city, everything owned by Kanda sahib is a landmark. Rickshaw driver to crorepati, everyone knows who he is,” said Raghubir Dangar, an HLP worker.
At the camp office on a Thursday morning, there are close to 500 people. On the walls are huge posters. Kanda’s brother Govind, a party leader, smiles down from one side. The other has a garlanded photograph of their late father Murli Dhar, and another of Gopal Kanda’s son Lakh Ram waving at a crowd. The only non-family poster is of the late Tara Baba, the local religious guru, who named Kanda as his heir, giving him immense influence in the area.
In one corner are rows of computers, and queues of young men who have come to join the party. “I came in the morning to get medicines for my son. For the past five years, since he became an independent MLA, this office has given out free medicine, and also a chit you can take to a doctor for a free checkup. You get food and water any time of the day, and children get books to study. All of this is funded by Kandaji. Today, none of this is available because of the model code of conduct. But there is a queue for membership, and I have joined. Maybe if I don’t, they won’t give me medicines in future,” said farmer Ashawant Singh, pointing at a cluster of people.
There, amid a group continued…

Isro has dreamed an impossible dream  and made it happenIsro has dreamed an impossible dream, and made it happen
M N Vahia | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 08:19 AM IST
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) is now an established leader in utilitarian space technology – remote sensing and communication. 
 
It is important for ISRO to take up other challenges that will challenge its limits and expand its capabilities in a worthwhile manner. Chandrayaan was the first such challenge in which ISRO performed brilliantly. For example, it established the presence of water on Moon that had only been hinted at by other studies.
 
MOM is a well organised small (1,500 kg) satellite that can reveal interesting information about Mars and induce us to develop new technology and mission management skills. This is a technology demonstration mission.
 
The distance between Earth and Mars can vary between 54.6 million kilometre to 401 million kilometre. Even at its closest approach, Mars is like a fast moving Rs 5 coin about one kilometre away. So it is not surprising that many have failed to reach there. 
 
The first technological command we need to demonstrate is that we can undertake complex calculation of sending an object, to a planet that is as small as that. The method that India adopted – of using the Earth’s gravity to slingshot MOM is a peculiarly Indian approach. It takes a long time and the timing precision required for it is also demanding but is economical on the fuel used by the satellite. 
 
The next objective is to understand how to send instruments into space with the required precision, make them hibernate for three hundred days and then bring it back to life. We also need to learn how to make such missions intelligent enough to look after themselves and do what we want them to do on their own, and do it with highest economy, in weight, volume power and intelligence in the harsh space environment. 
 
The sunlight for Mars is also much weaker than on Earth so the power available with the satellite is also limited. Hence the signal from MOM will be extremely faint. So getting faint signals from MOM is also a challenge. In this, the cooperation with NASA has been a great help and we have used NASA deep space network for this purpose.
 
Even though largely a technology demonstration mission, MOM also carries 5 important instruments. These include imagers in optical and infrared, a photometer, an instrument to study the impact of neutral material around Mars and a methane sensor. While the imagers will allow us to image the surface of Mars and to determine its surface and atmospheric light reflectivity, the neutral material detector will help us understand how the solar radiation falling on Mars ablates the atmospheric material. 
 
The most watched detector will be the methane sensor. Methane gas is highly reactive and it reacts and changes form quickly. It can only be sustained by continuing chemical reactions or life forms – on earth the bacteria from guts of cows are the most prolific producers of methane which is also a greenhouse gas. There are some tentative detection of methane on Mars. Now MOM will, once and for all, check if those results are true and, if so, what is the location from where the methane is coming. 
 
The overall purpose of all missions to Mars is to study what will be needed to make it habitable. ISRO can use its superior capabilities in remote sensing to map Mars and see if it can be made liveable, or if life exists below the surface of Mars. So for scientists it is an exciting mission also. 
 
As a scientist therefore I am excited about this demonstration of technology by ISRO, as an Indian I am proud that ISRO has dreamed an impossible dream and made it possible and as a tax payer I am happy that it has done so with so little money. Yes, I am a proud and happy Indian today, excited that Indians now have clocked their first mission to Mars.
(The author is a professor in the Department of Astronomy & Astrophysics, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research)

Five things to know about Mars Orbiter MissionMars Orbiter Mission is Isro’s first interplanetary mission to Mars with an unmanned spacecraft designed to orbit the Red Planet in an elliptical orbit. Photo: PTI
What is the Mars Orbiter Mission?
Mars Orbiter Mission is Indian Space Research Organisation’s (Isro’s) first interplanetary mission to Mars with an unmanned spacecraft designed to orbit the Red Planet in an elliptical orbit.
Which other countries have successfully sent such orbiters to Mars?
Three space agencies have sent orbiters to Mars successfully. These are the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa), European Space Agency, and Russian Federal Space Agency. India will be fourth in the world to send a successful Mars Orbiter, and the first Asian country to do so.
How much did the Mars Orbiter Mission cost?
The Mars Orbiter Mission cost Rs.450 crore ($74 million). Nasa’s Maven orbiter which was successfully inserted into the Martian orbit on Monday cost $671 million.
Why is it significant for India?
This is India’s first interplanetary mission and demonstrates Isro’s technological capability in successfully sending a spacecraft to Mars after anticipating the challenges posed by near Earth and near Mars conditions, and a communication gap of atleast 12 minutes.
How tough is the Mars Orbiter Insertion?
When approaching the Martian orbit, velocity of the Orbiter has to be reduced precisely for it to be captured by the Martian orbit. Around 60% of the Mars Missions have failed at this point. If the speed is not adjusted precisely, then either the Orbiter will crash on Mars or it will fly by it and be lost in space.

Rupee Recovers After Falling to 61.03/DollarYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Recovers After Falling to 61.03/Dollar
Agencies | Updated On: September 24, 2014 09:53 (IST)
The rupee fell to 61.03 against the dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to increased demand for the US currency from importers.
Later the rupee recovered to 60.96 against the dollar.
Forex dealers attributed the rupee's fall to increased demand for the US currency from importers but dollar's weakness against other units and higher opening in the domestic equity market capped the fall to some extent.
The rupee yesterday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose by 50.79 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 26,826.48 in early trade today.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 09:53 (IST)

How Vishal Sikka is trying to retain talent at InfosysInfosys' new CEO allows staff to use Twitter, Facebook at work
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Infosys’ new chief executive officer (CEO) has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of India’s trailblasing outsourcing firm: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In recent years, the former bellwether of India’s outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. But Vishal Sikka, the company’s first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
“These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to India's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business. While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients. Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a “quiet period” ahead of its interim earnings announcement on October 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered firm is likely to post a 21 per cent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 per cent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services  and Wipro. A rate of 12-15 per cent is seen as normal in this sector.
IT services companies traditionally see higher attrition among employees who have been around for three to six years. Since most of the firms are built on identical business models, it is easy for young workers to hop between companies for projects, promotions or salary hikes.
“Employees can be replaced, but they have to understand the project, know the client and be comfortable with the team and boss. That takes time,” said R K Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, which owns Infosys shares. Senior executives at Infosys said there was a push towards a more open culture, investing in personnel and getting managers closer to the ground. “We must create an environment of empowerment, mutual support and trust,” Sikka, a former senior executive at German software giant SAP AG, wrote in an email this month to employees seen by Reuters.
While some employees thought these symbolic changes were signs of good times to come, others are waiting for structural changes at the company.
"What will actually make a difference is pay hikes and better results. Access to Facebook and a dress code were never a concern when the company was doing well," said a former board member, who declined to be named.

Africas MTN reinvents itself via musicAfrica’s MTN reinvents itself via music
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ccde890-3e4e-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Metal Stocks Fall Ahead of Supreme Court s Ruling on Coal AllocationMetal shares fell ahead of the Supreme Court's ruling on 218 coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993.
Hindalco Industries was down 2 per cent while Jindal steel and Power fell 1.9 per cent.
JSW Steel dropped 1.2 per cent, while Hindustan Zinc fell 1.4 per cent.
The judgement is expected at 2 p.m. The court last month declared allocations since 1993 illegal.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Man whose skullcap Modi refused is arrested for a garba remarkE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ready to retreat but only if Chinese troops do: IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi s Madison Square speech: Tickets sell out like rock concerts | Full CoverageCarnegie Mellon University
(Modi’s super-packed…)
NEW DELHI: With tickets for Narendra Modi's address at Madison Square Garden selling out like rock concerts hosted at New York City's iconic Manhattan arena, the port authority of New York & New Jersey has decided to run additional trains on Sunday morning to cope with the expected rush of subway commuters who will turn up to cheer on the Indian Prime Minister.
While the indoor arena can accommodate about 20,000 people, a much larger number of Indians and Indian Americans are expected to throng the midtown Manhattan area where the event will be broadcast live at the Crystal Tower.
Among those who are expected to attend the event organised by the Indian-American Community Foundation (IACF) include about 800 doctors, techies from Silicon Valley and bankers from Wall Street. Microsoft chief Satya Nadella, Indira Nooyi of PepsiCo , Shantanu Narayen of Adobe, Ajay Banga of MasterCard, Vivek Ranadive, who runs TIBCO and owns the NBA team Sacremento Kings, Kamesh Nagarajan of Morgan Stanley and top executives from Goldman Sachs are also expected to be present to listen to Modi.
"It is the biggest event ever for any state head visiting the United States," said Adapa Prasad, organising committee member of the IACF, adding that it would be a big achievement for the prime minister to have so many American lawmakers at a meeting organised by the Indian community.
Many of the top CEOs and venture capitalists who will be seen at the event will also get to meet Modi at short one-on-one meetings that will start soon thereafter and continue through the day till dinner that will be hosted by the Indian Embassy at the Tata-owned hotel The Pierre.
The cheering crowd at the event is also expected to include entrepreneurs Vivek Wadhwa and Kumar Malavalli, venture capitalists Karl Mehta of Menlo Ventures that invested in Uber, Vish Mishra of Clearstone Venture Partners, Sat Mahajan and academicians Nitin Nohria, dean of Harvard Business School , Subra Suresh, president of Carnegie Mellon University and Pradeep K Khosla, the chancellor of UC San Diego.
Modi, who became prime minister after his party's stunning victory in the April-May general elections, is set to visit the United States for the first time since he was denied a visa in 2005 for the Gujarat riots that happened on his watch as chief minister three years earlier.
Several top Indian business leaders such as the Ruias, Hindujas, Munjals and Gautam Adani are also expected to be there as part of the Confederation of Indian Industry delegation that will accompany Modi.
Indian-American businessman Shalabh Kumar, who is taking a congressional delegation for the event and later for a separate meeting with the Prime Minister to talk about the new US immigration bill, said Modi will spend a significant time meeting top CEOs.
Among the top companies whose CEOs are expected to meet Modi are Abbott Labs, Ford, General Motors , GE, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, PepsiCo, IBM, Microsoft and several others from the oil and gas industry as well.
Jayesh Patel, the US-India liaison chief for the Overseas Friends of BJP in the US said many American companies in areas such as natural gas, solar energy, construction, river clean-up, beautification, ethanol and others want to invest in India and they want to hear from Modi how he will help them. "People have the feeling he is here to stay so this is the right time to invest in India," he said.
Karl Mehta, venture partner at Menlo Ventures that invested in on-demand car services company Uber said Modi's meetings with prominent people will help forge a personal relation and trust that will spur investments in India.
"His vision would be heard by people who make large-scale investment decisions for top companies and senators who make and vote on policy. That will make an impact," said Mehta. The Madison Square Garden event will see convergence of a cross-section of the Indian-American community, including renowned doctors of Indian origin.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex up 50 points; healthcare stocks gainSep 24, 2014 at  05:32pm IST
Sensex closes flat; capital goods down
1
0
Mumbai: A day after a 430-point fall, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed Wednesday's trade flat -- down 31 points or 0.12 percent -- as capital goods, bank and consumer durables stocks slumped.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
Hit by the apex court's judgment, stocks of mining, metal and power majors such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Bhushan Steel, Hindalco Industries and Monnet Ispat and Energy fell.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
#sensex #stocks #market #economy
However, healthy buying was observed in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), healthcare and oil and gas sectors.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,817.94 points, closed trade at 26,744.69 points (provisional), down 31 points or 0.12 percent from the previous day's close at 26,775.69 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 26,844.70 points and a low of 26,560 points in the intra-trade.
The S&P capital goods index lost 248.21 points, bank index was lower by 197.39 points, consumer durables dipped 123.74 points, automobile index slumped by 91.23 points and realty index slipped by 28.27 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed flat -- but up 15.15 points or 0.19 percent at 8,002.40 points.
Company-wise, stocks of Jindal Steel and Power were down 9.99 percent at Rs.189.70; Bhusan Steel was down 4.96 percent at Rs.107.30; Tata Steel was down 2.63 percent at Rs.473.30; Hindalco Inds was down 0.48 percent at Rs.156.30; Monnet Ispat was down 8.16 percent at Rs.87.25; and Steel Authority of India was down 2.89 percent at Rs.68.95.
However, state-run Coal India's scrip gained 5.20 percent at Rs.351.5.
Stocks of power companies such as Adani Power were down 2.10 percent at Rs.46.70; GVK Power and Infrastructure was down 6.60 percent at Rs.10.19; JP Power was down 5.86 percent at Rs.13.65; and Moser Baer was down 4.10 percent at Rs.7.48.
The Supreme Court has cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011, except four vested with the NTPC and other public sector undertakings.
As a consequence of this order, 214 coal blocks stand cancelled.
14

BJP  Shiv Sena back to talks after RSS intervenesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NCP wants CM s post on rotation: RaneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AirAsia India offers 1.5 million seats at discounted rates  airfare starts at Rs 690AirAsia India offers 1.5 million seats at discounted rates, airfare starts at Rs 690
FE Online | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 24 2014, 11:28  IST
Sep 24 2014, 11:28  IST
 

India successfully places Mars Orbiter in red planet s orbit  makes space historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1B5EMQQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer
USA TODAY money columnist Waggoner offers financial tips to tourists and New Yorkers in the middle of Times Square.
Post to Facebook
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer USA TODAY money columnist Waggoner offers financial tips to tourists and New Yorkers in the middle of Times Square. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uwDkET
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer
USA Today’s ace financial columnist John Waggoner hits Times Square to give money advice.
Laura Petrecca , USA TODAY 2:32 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
81 CONNECT 53 TWEET 12 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK CITY -- Watch out Naked Cowboy - John Waggoner is in town.
Just after he finished speaking at a financial event in the middle of Times Square, USA TODAY columnist Waggoner bravely made his way through the costumed Mickeys, Minnies and Elmos to offer money advice to New Yorkers and tourists alike.  Here's a look at the unexpected ways people responded to the offer of free financial help.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uwDkET
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Sensex  Nifty under pressure; ITC HUL gain  Hindalco weakSep 24, 2014, 11.53 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; ITC & HUL gain, Hindalco weak
JSPL and Hindalco are key stocks in focus as the Supreme Court will announce its verdict in the coal block allocation case today. Hindalco has also been downgraded by Macquarie to neutral from outperform as it sees no near term catalyst.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; ITC & HUL gain, Hindalco weak
JSPL and Hindalco are key stocks in focus as the Supreme Court will announce its verdict in the coal block allocation case today. Hindalco has also been downgraded by Macquarie to neutral from outperform as it sees no near term catalyst.
Post your opinion here
11:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:45 am In and out? Sasken Communication chief executive officer Anjan Lahiri stepped down from his position with effect from September 23. Lahiri was one of the co-founders of Mindtree, and has worked there for 14 years. He joined Sasken in August 2013 and was expected to turnaround the company.
The company has seen declining revenues for three consecutive years. It saw a revenue decline of 4.4 percent CAGR from FY11-14.
Rajiv C Mody will be stepping in as the CEO for now. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Mody said the company will continue to build expertise in IT business.
11:30 am Market outlook: The ongoing correction is a healthy sign and the market needs to consolidate before resuming the bull run, says Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL . T
Jain feels the market has been looking for reasons to correct and sees sharp corrections in midcaps and smallcaps. He says that one should be prepared for a 5-10 percent downside in the broader markets and 10-15 percent in midcaps. Betting on midcaps, Jain feels that one should invest in them over a longer period of time, keeping at least 3 years of timeframe in the mind, as they are volatile. He likes midcap names in the auto ancillary and cement sector.
Don't miss: Seen good fund flow into EMs like India: Geoff Lewis  
The market is struggling to hold its feet firm. The Sensex is down 34.43 points at 26741.26 and the Nifty slips 12.50 points at 8005.05. About 721 shares have advanced, 1652 shares declined, and 60 shares are unchanged.
HUL, Coal India, Wipro, M&M and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex while Tata Power, BHEL, L&T, Tata Steel and HDFC.
JSPL and Hindalco are key stocks in focus as the Supreme Court will announce its verdict in the coal block allocation case today. Hindalco has also been downgraded by Macquarie to neutral from outperform as it sees no near term catalyst.
Gold clung to overnight gains as Asian shares retreated, but investors remained cautious amid a firmer dollar and upbeat US manufacturing data that kept prices near their lowest since January.
US-led strikes against militants in Syria failed to spur follow-through safe-haven demand for gold after small gains. Gold is traditionally seen as a safer bet during times of political uncertainty. The tensions in Syria, however, curbed appetite for risky assets, sending Asian shares lower.
10:00

ECB to keep easy policy until inflation nears 2 percent: DraghiECB to keep easy policy until inflation nears 2 percent: Draghi
United Nations puts spotlight on climate changeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Privatise Air India: Its now or neverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Former Nokia India chief P Balaji to join Vodafone India as directorFormer Nokia India chief P Balaji is all set to join Vodafone India as director
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.27AM IST
Tags:
external affair
(P Balaji is all set to…)
NEW DELHI: Former Nokia India chief P Balaji is all set to join Vodafone India as director, regulatory and external affairs, the country's No. 2 mobile phone operator has said. Balaji will take care of both regulatory as well as external affairs after the Indian unit of UK's Vodafone Group Plc decided to combine the two roles.
He will replace T V Ramachandran, resident director, regulatory affairs and government relations, and Rohit Adya, director, external affairs, both of whom will retire in December and February, respectively.
"It's my personal challenge. I just have to keep an open mind. I bring an understanding of the telecom business and can contribute in different dimensions, but I have to learn as well along the way," said Balaji.
With Ramachandran and Adya retiring over the next few months, "we are using this opportunity to fine-tune our organisation structure by merging the regulatory and external affairs functions, for there are strong areas of synergy between them", Vodafone India said in a statement Tuesday. Adya will, however, continue to serve the company as chairman of the Vodafone Foundation .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Educomp surges 10% on school business sale buzzSep 24, 2014, 12.37 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Educomp surges 10% on school business sale buzz
GEMS Education, spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Educomp surges 10% on school business sale buzz
GEMS Education, spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Educomp surged 10 percent intraday on Wednesday on reports that Aditya Birla is eyeing Educomp schools and acquisition is in early stages. Reports suggest Educomp may attract about USD 250 million valuation for its 50 schools.
“GEMS Education, spearheaded by Dubai-based NRI education billionaire Sunny Varkey and Zee Learn of Subhas Chandra's Essel Group have also shown interest in the business, as private schools continue to grow at a faster rate in the country than their public peers in one the world's largest school system,” the report said quoting sources.
However, the report further says that Aditya Birla spokeswoman declined to comment while Zee spokesperson said the group is currently not in talks with Educomp to acquire the schools business arm.
At 12:24 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 33.90, up Rs 1.40, or 4.31 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Motorola s new Moto X (2nd generation) launched at Rs 31 999 onwards in India12
5
New Delhi: The much-awaited Moto X (2nd generation) smartphone, which was unveiled early this month, has now got a price tag. Motorola has priced the new Moto X at Rs 31,999 in India. The smartphone will go on sale on Flipkart.com starting from midnight of September 24.
At Rs 31,999, the new Moto X is Rs 8,000 dearer than the first-gen Moto X that was launched in India at Rs 23,999 onwards.
Motorola says the base variant of the Moto X will be available for Rs 31,999, while the wood finish and the leather back panel variants are priced at Rs 33,999.
The 2nd generation Moto X features a 5.2-inch 1080p display and a curved back encased in a metal frame.
#motorola #moto x #new moto x #android
The 2nd generation Moto X features a 5.2-inch 1080p display and a curved back encased in a metal frame. The specifications of the new Moto X include a 2.5GHz quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and water-resistant coating. Moto Voice in the Moto X accepts new voice commands and lets users control their favourite apps with voice commands.
The phone has a 13 megapixel rear camera with dual LED ring flash and a 2 megapixel front-facing camera. The phone runs Android 4.4 KitKat and its 2400mAh battery is claimed to offer up to 24 hours of usage.
The Moto X smartphone was unveiled on September 5 alongside the new Moto G.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms.
229

Banking  realty stocks declineBanking  realty stocks decline
Inox Leisure rises ahead of board meet to merge armInox Leisure rises ahead of board meet to merge arm
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 01:12 PM IST
Shares of Inox Leisure were up nearly 4% at Rs 179 ahead of the board meet tomorrow to merge its wholly-owned subsidiary with itself.
A meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, to consider and approve the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation of Satyam Cineplexes Limited ( a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) with the Company and to discuss matters incidental thereto, the company said in a release.
The stock opened at Rs 174 and touched a high of Rs 184 so far. Over 590,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Biyani eyes cold-storage company to drive fo...Amar Chitra Katha
(Future Logistics will play…)
TUMKUR: Having entered consumer goods business with a dedicated food park, the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group today said it is looking to acquire a cold chain logistics company to help distribute its products.
"We have multiple temperature storages and processing facilities here. Future Logistics is looking at an acquisition of a company to help in distribution," Biyani told a select group of reporters here, ahead of the inauguration of India Food Park here by Prime Minister Narendra Modi later today.
Biyani, however, refused to divulge the deal size which the company is looking at, but maintained that it will happen this calendar year and will be a complete acquisition.
"Snowman is there, but we also want to do work on cold chain logistics," he said, referring to the company which just had a bumper share sale.
At the 110-acre food park located on the outskirts of Bangalore, Biyani said there are multi-temperature cold storage facilities which will handle multiple commodities like bananas, mangoes, apples and so on.
The company plans to open two more such food parks in Kharagpur in Bengal and Madhya Pradesh , he said.
Future Logistics will play a pivotal role in ensuring success of the FMCG business, Biyani said, stressing on the need and urgency of the acquisition.
He asserted that the group, which has had a difficult time in recent years, has "sufficient cash" to fund its expansion.
If need be, it may look at selling non-core assets like the publication division Amar Chitra Katha , he said, hinting that it may also sell some brands in core business.
The group has already invested Rs 200 crore for the Karnataka food park and will be investing another Rs 750 crore for the facility over the next few years.
The facility is aimed at increasing the share of the company's own private labels across categories sold through its retail format Food Bazaar.
Biyani said revenues from food brands will be touching Rs 1,000 crore this fiscal and added with the food parks in place, they will grow manifold to Rs 20,000 crore by FY20.
Gradually, the group wants to avoid selling third-party brands at its retail outlets, he said, adding by FY20, up to 80 per cent of the products sold at the outlets will be own brands.
Speaking about the concept of the business, he said, "Do you get Indian food at modern stores? You've to get that right. We've been trying to do that for the past many years, you need scale to do that. If you don't have front-end scale, you can't do it."
"The whole idea is how can we create a modern 'rasoi' for our front-end? Now I can prepare whatever you ask for, all raw material, ingredients, plants are there," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oracle Financial plunges nearly 14% on ex-di...Financial Services
(The board of directors of…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Oracle Financial Services Software ended nearly 13 per cent lower today amid huge selling pressure as the stock went ex-dividend.
Oracle Financial Services' scrip tumbled 12.89 per cent to settle at Rs 3,448.30 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 13.57 per cent to Rs 3,421.05.
Marketmen said profit-booking pulled down the stock. The board of directors of the software company had on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each.
The record date for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
The interim dividend will be paid to the equity shareholders of the company on or before September 29, 2014, Oracle Financial Services had said in a BSE filing yesterday.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
An ex-dividend is classification of trading shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2 stocks linked to Mars probe surge up to 200% since mission launchedYou are here: Home > Collections > Isro
Two stocks linked to Mars mission gain up to 200% since probe was launched; more upside seen
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 01.30PM IST
(India launched its first…)
NEW DELHI: Component suppliers to India's mission to Mars are back in focus, say analysts, after the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) successfully entered the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday.
A successful landing could further boost the shares of the concerned companies, analysts add.
India launched its first spacecraft to Mars on November 5 and since then, Walchandnagar Industries has gained nearly 200 per cent and Centum Electronics is up nearly three-fold.
At 7.17 am, the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) sizzled with life as it burnt along with the thrusters to slow down the MOM spacecraft to be captured by the Red Planet.
With this, India has become the first nation in the world to have entered the Mars orbit in the first attempt. ISRO's MOM is also the cheapest such mission till now.
"MOM has met Mangal," Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, announcing the mission's success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation here.
The Mars Orbiter Mission cost $74 million or about three-quarters of the amount to make the Oscar-winning movie 'Gravity' about astronauts stranded in space.
"History has been created today," said Modi, who burst into applause along with hundreds of scientists at the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) when it was announced the mission had been accomplished.
"We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved the near impossible," said Modi, wearing a red waistcoat at the space command centre in the southern city of Bangalore.
Modi has said he wants to expand the country's five-decade-old space programme.
With a spacecraft around Mars, India joins a small group of nations - the United States, Russia and Europe - that have successfully sent probes to orbit or landed on Mars. Others, however, failed several times initially.
The mission makes India the first country in Asia to reach Mars, after an attempt by regional rival China failed to leave the earth's orbit in 2011.
(With inputs from Reuters)

LT eyes global orders in aerospace post Mangalyaan featSep 24, 2014, 03.02 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
L&T eyes global orders in aerospace post Mangalyaan feat
Going ahead, the engineering company hopes to play an important part in future space programmes, says MV Kotwal, President of L&T Heavy Engineering, adding that India can expect major space programmes hereon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T eyes global orders in aerospace post Mangalyaan feat
Going ahead, the engineering company hopes to play an important part in future space programmes, says MV Kotwal, President of L&T Heavy Engineering, adding that India can expect major space programmes hereon.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
With the successful landing of ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission Mangalyaan , India has created history by becoming the first country to be successful in its maiden attempt in sending a spacecraft into Mars.
Larsen & Toubro 's Heavy Engineering Division (L&T Heavy Engineering) played a key role by manufacturing the rocket, the antenna and the radar tracking the Orbiter. The company claims that key achievement is its domestically manufactured raw materials, is 50 percent cheaper than other similar missions abroad. While on Mars, the satellite will search for methane in the Martian atmosphere.
The Rs 450-crore Mars Orbiter Mission, India's first spacecraft to Mars, was blasted off from the southeastern coast last year. Only the United States, Europe, and Russia have so far successfully sent probes that have orbited or landed on Mars.
Going ahead, the engineering company hopes to play an important part in future space programmes, says MV Kotwal, President of L&T Heavy Engineering, adding that India can expect major space programmes hereon.
With the success of the indigenous mission, Kotwal further hopes to bag global orders in aerospace segment too.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Given this boost now to India’s space programme, what kind of opportunities do you think this could throw up for you?
A: At the outset, I must put it in a proper perspective. I think the maximum congratulations are due to the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) itself and the hundreds of engineers and scientists who have worked to have the success.
We in the industry have had the good fortune of making some contributions to this programme and we are happy that India has reached this stage.
To clarify further, going further, this augurs well because it takes us to a different level altogether as a country and therefore by consequence we in the industry will benefit because we have come to a stage where the world will respect the country as for launch of such systems which not only sends satellites into outer space but sent these kind of orbital missions for other planets.
So going forward, I think the country can look for major programmes not only for Indian or domestic requirements but also for the international requirements and we can certainly hope to play a part in that.
Q: Do you expect any global orders for such similar work now?
A: I do expect so because take the first case of launching satellite for various applications including remote sensing and communications and so on. Already ISRO has established their strength in these areas by launching satellite designs by other countries and launched at very competitive rates that is something that augurs well for a large number of flights taking place for launching satellites for other countries.
In addition, we have now got this great achievement as a country for having succeeded. First time we attempted sending the craft around Mars, this is something that takes us to different plane and therefore, I expect that this will augur well for a large international kind of a business potential for the entire country.
Q: Can you give us a sense of what kind of visibility you have on your order book, what kind of orders you are expecting and if there is anything more that you have from ISRO that is lined up?
A: First of all, I would like to tell you that we started off with ISRO more than four decades ago. We have participated in many programmes there, right from the Satellite Launch Vehicle (SLV) days to the Augmented Satellite Launch Vehicle (ASLV), Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) and now we are working on the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).
So I would still call it a component level kind of a contribution. In that, we have added on several such things - we have manufactured first radar, which is used for tracking of these satellites in the outer space. We also supply the antenna for which is part of the India’s deep-space network that keeps track all these things. So, we have contributed in various ways.
Going forward the way we look at it is that the companies like ourselves can play major roles in integrating this entire set of components manufactured either by ourselves or by other smaller players and taking off that loads from ISROs and looking at participating major programmes where we integrate all these parts and even take on in the ultimate case the full responsibility for launch of these missions. So that would be the direction, which would emerge in the years to come and that is when the real volumes will grow in terms of money.
Whereas what we have been doing till now is making parts for various rockets and of course as I mentioned to you we have been supplying some system. So those are not great in numbers but what it has given us is the tremendous range of technological capability. For example, an advanced composite we have already set up a facility for making Honey Comb Deck Panels which are used in the spacecrafts.
We have got a lot of electronics industries going on which pick up the requirements from here. So there is a lot of follow up of this kind of technology in other areas. So duly in this the volumes will come up in the years to come. We expect that we could take up much larger roles and take up full program responsibility
Larsen stock price
On November 21, 2014, Larsen and Toubro closed at Rs 1665.55, up Rs 23.35, or 1.42 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1774.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 946.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 63.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.22. The latest book value of the company is Rs 362.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.60.
RELATED NEWS

FMCG stocks rally; HUL hits new highFMCG stocks rally; HUL hits new high
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 01:36 PM IST
Shares of fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies were trading higher by up to 3% in an otherwise subdued market in noon deals on the bourses.
Hindustan Unilever (HUL), ITC, Dabur India, Nestle India, Godrej Consumer Products, Britannia Industries and Colgate-Palmolive (India) are up 1-3% on BSE.
The BSE S&P BSE FMCG index and NSE CNX FMCG index were up 1% each have hits their respective record high during intra-day deal today. The benchmark indices were trading in red at 1320 hours.
Analyst at J.P. Morgan remain optimistic on the medium term growth outlook for the Indian staples sector as fundamental drivers - low penetration, low frequency of consumption, rising aspirational/income levels and availability of better products/formats - are all intact.
While recent quarters have been fairly challenging, we believe we are probably closer to the bottom and expect demand to revive gradually over 2H and FY16. With rising confidence in GDP growth revival in the coming quarters, we expect staples demand to benefit too, said analyst in a research report dated 10 September 2014.
Among the individual stocks, Nestle India has rallied 3% to Rs 6,100 on BSE. HUL trading at 2.2% at Rs 760 after hitting a record high of Rs 763 in intra-day trade. ITC and Dabur India were up 1.5% each at Rs 376 and Rs 224 respectively.

Biyani looks at acquiring cold-storage company to drive food businessBiyani looks at acquiring cold-storage company to drive food business
Press Trust of India | Tumkur(K'taka) Sep 24, 2014 12:42 PM IST
Having entered consumer goods business with a dedicated food park, the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group today said it is looking to acquire a cold chain logistics company to help distribute its products.
"We have multiple temperature storages and processing facilities here. Future Logistics is looking at an acquisition of a company to help in distribution," Biyani told a select group of reporters here, ahead of the inauguration of India Food Park here by Prime Minister Narendra Modi later today.
Biyani, however, refused to divulge the deal size which the company is looking at, but maintained that it will happen this calendar year and will be a complete acquisition.
"Snowman is there, but we also want to do work on cold chain logistics," he said, referring to the company which just had a bumper share sale.
At the 110-acre food park located on the outskirts of Bangalore, Biyani said there are multi-temperature cold storage facilities which will handle multiple commodities like bananas, mangoes, apples and so on.
The company plans to open two more such food parks in Kharagpur in Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, he said.
Future Logistics will play a pivotal role in ensuring success of the FMCG business, Biyani said, stressing on the need and urgency of the acquisition.
He asserted that the group, which has had a difficult time in recent years, has "sufficient cash" to fund its expansion.
If need be, it may look at selling non-core assets like the publication division Amar Chitra Katha, he said, hinting that it may also sell some brands in core business.

President congratulates ISRO for MangalyaansuccessPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:24 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 2:27 pm
President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission ‘Mangalyaan’, saying the breakthrough will inspire the country’s scientists to make even greater strides.
In a message to Chairman of ISRO, K Radhakrishnan, the President said, “I extend my hearty congratulations and best wishes to you and your team on the successful Orbit Insertion Maneuver of the Mars Orbiter Mission ‘Mangalyaan’ after a journey of nearly nine months.
“The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. ISRO is also the first to enter the Martian Orbit in it’s maiden attempt,” he said.
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India’s space capabilities.
“I am sure that this breakthrough, which marks a significant landmark in our space programme, will inspire our scientists to make even greater strides. Kindly convey my greetings to the members of your team of scientists, engineers, technologists and all others associated with this great mission. The nation is grateful for their hard work and proud of their accomplishment,” he said.

Supreme Court forms panel to asses Jammu and Kashmir flood damageNew Delhi, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 14:15 IST
Supreme Court forms panel to asses Jammu and Kashmir flood damage
IANS
The Hindu This September 10, 2014 photo shows an aerial view of the buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
flood
The five-member committee will visit flood-affected areas for an on-the-spot assessment and submit its interim report in two weeks.
The Supreme Court Wednesday constituted a five-member committee that will make a comprehensive assessment of the situation of the flood-ravaged areas of Jammu and Kashmir and report to the court.
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha said that the committee will visit all the flood-affected areas for an on-the-spot assessment of the situation and submit its interim report in two weeks.
Read: Harrowing flight from flooded Valley, a first person account
The court said the committee will comprise a senior registrar of Jammu and Kashmir High Court posted at Srinagar, Secretary of the J&K Department of Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation, a nominee of the central government and the presidents of the bar associations of Sringar and Jammu regions.
Attorney-General Mukul Rohtagi will inform the name of the nominee of the central government within three days.
The interim report of this committee will also be submitted to the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, which can pass appropriate orders that it deems fit. The court said the High Court proceedings will not be impeded by the hearing of the matter before it.

National Museum to host digital engagement programmeSep 24, 2014 at 01:50pm IST
National Museum to host digital engagement programme
14
1
New Delhi: The National Museum is hosting a workshop in the capital September 25 aimed at enabling museums across the country hone their digital technology skills.
The British Council has organised this two-day workshop, titled "How to Create a Digital Engagement Programme in Your Museum", where training will be given to 31 delegates -- independent curators, consultants, heritage practitioners and professionals associated with museums and galleries from northern and western India.
British trainers Carolyn Royston and Charlotte Sexton will lead the sessions on subjects such as improving one's website, how to write a better tweet, and an overview of channels of delivery like web, mobile and social media.
The British Council has organised this two-day workshop, titled "How to Create a Digital Engagement Programme in Your Museum", where training will be given to 31 delegates -- independent curators, consultants, heritage practitioners and professionals associated with museums and galleries from northern and western India.
#national museum #delhi #technology engagement #british council of india
The programme, partnered by the National Museum Institute (NMI), is being organised in the wake of a couple of successful conferences on "Strategic Transformation of Museums in 21st Century" held in Delhi and Kolkata earlier this year.
Participants for the Delhi event would include members from National Museum, NMI, Crafts Museum, Thar Museum (Rajasthan), Google Cultural Institute, Rashtrapati Bhavan, Aga Khan Development Network, Bid Art Bull Pvt. Ltd., University of Delhi, Lalit Kala Akademi, National Gallery of Modern Art, International Museum of Toilets, Akar Prakar, Tasveer and Mehrangarh Museum Trust, among others.
2

Lata Mangeshkar congratulates scientists on MangalyaanLata Mangeshkar congratulates scientists on Mangalyaan
CNN-IBN | Sep 24, 2014 at 01:15pm
In an interview to CNN-IBN, singer Lata Mangeshkar expressed her happiness at Mangalyaan reaching Mars. 'I am a proud Indian. I congratulate all scientists for making this possible. We are lucky to have Narendra Modi as our PM,' said Lata Mangeshkar.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Nation proud of Mars mission success: Hamid Ansari9
0
New Delhi: The nation is proud of the Mars mission success, said Vice President M Hamid Ansari on Wednesday.
Ansari congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation Scientists for the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) entering the orbit of the Red Planet in its first attempt.
"On this historic day, I extend my heartiest congratulations to the scientists at the Indian Space Research Organisation and all others concerned with the Mangalyaan mission. The nation is proud of their achievement," the vice president said in his message.
Ansari congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation Scientists for the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) entering the orbit of the Red Planet in its first attempt.
#isro #mangalyaan #mars orbiter mission #hamid ansari
"I am confident that our scientists will continue to scale greater heights and win more laurels for the country in the field of space exploration in the future," he added.
"As we celebrate this landmark occasion, I join the entire country in saluting them on their success," he said.
1

Supreme Court scraps 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993Home
FE editor's picks
Coal block allocations case: Supreme Court scraps 214, spares 4; firms may have to pay Rs 7,900 crore penalty
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
 

Supreme Court cancels allocation of 214 coal blocks  spares 4  ordersre-auctionPrint
The apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:40 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 7:58 am
Characterising its verdict as futuristic, corrective as well as compensatory, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocations of 214 out of 218 coal blocks that it had declared as illegal last month.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha spared four blocks, two of which were allocations made to the Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPPs) and two other allocations to the Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC).
ALSO READ:  Supreme Court declares all coal allocations since 1993 as ‘illegal’
The court turned down a suggestion by the government to consider saving as many as 46 blocks, either in production or ready to be made operational, after noting that since “these allocations are also illegal and arbitrary, they are also liable to be cancelled”. The four blocks saved are out of these 46. The court took on record the Centre’s alternate stand that it was fully prepared to face the consequences of the cancellation of all coal blocks and was desirous of moving forward.
The bench said the relief to be granted in a case always looks to the future; it is generally corrective and in some cases, compensatory. “The present case takes within its fold all three elements. Our judgment highlighted the illegality and arbitrariness in the allotment of coal blocks and these ‘consequence proceedings’ are intended to correct the wrong done by the Union of India.”
“These proceedings look to the future by highlighting the wrong. It is expected that the government will not deal with the natural resources that belong to the country as if they belong to a few individuals, who can fritter them away at their sweet will. These proceedings may also compensate the exchequer for the loss caused to it,” it said.
ALSO READ:  SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start: Ravi Shankar Prasad
The bench, also comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, however, gave a “breathing time” of six months for the Coal Indian Ltd (CIL) to take over the blocks, and also to the allottees to manage their affairs on the cancellation.
It rejected a contention by a bunch of allottees that the CIL was inefficient and incapable of accepting the challenge, noting that “the central government is confident, as submitted by the learned Attorney General, that the CIL can fill the void and take things forward”.
The court accepted AG Mukul Rohatgi’s submission that the allottees must pay an amount of Rs 295 per metric ton of coal extracted as an additional levy, continued…

Refreshed Mahindra Xylo launched at Rs 7.66 lakhex-showroomThe refurbished Mahindra Xylo 2014.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:36 pm
In view of the upcoming festivities, Mahindra has launched the refreshed Xylo with prices starting at Rs 7.66 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi). Updates on the new Xylo include minor mechanical tweaks, addition of a few creature comforts and subtle cosmetic revisions.
On the aesthetic front, there aren’t any major changes on the new car. However, discerning buyers will be able to differentiate it from the previous year models with the help of the new car’s reworked front and rear end with chrome garnish, new alloy wheels, decals on the exterior paintwork, and a new set of roof-rails.
Likewise, inside the car, there’s a new revised black-beige theme with redesigned upholstery; a Bluetooth-enabled double-DIN audio system with voice commands on the top-spec model, a new instrument cluster and steering-mounted audio and cruise controls. Among other features, a flexible 60:40 third row, electric ORVMs, front dual airbags, ABS with EBD and reverse parking sensors with digital display are also available.
Given the demand of these robust MPVs is usually high in rural areas of the country, Mahindra will be offering the refreshed Xylo in both BSIII and BSIV certified emission standards. The BSIII certified variants will be sold primarily in areas outside metro cities, whereas, the stricter BSIV variants will cater primarily to metros. The updated Xylo will be offered in a choice between two diesel engines, available in five different trims, namely- D2, D4, H4, H8 and H9.
At the entry-level range of the new updated Xylo, D2 and D4 trim models will offered with a 95PS producing 2.5-litre CRDe diesel engine in either BSIII or BSIV variant. The mid-level and higher-end variants – H4, H8 and H9, will only be available in BSIV certified variants. Power in these models will be sourced from the Scorpio-derived 2.2-litre mHAWK diesel engine that develops 120PS of power.
The mHawk engine will come mated to Mahindra’s newly developed 5MT320 five-speed manual gearbox. This same gearbox will also be available on the upcoming Mahindra Scorpio. Reportedly, Mahindra engineers have also tweaked the suspension of the Xylo for a more comfortable ride, improved agility and reduced body roll.
The refreshed Xylo is now available for sale across the country with prices for the BSIV variants of the car ranging between Rs 7.66 lakh to Rs 10.93 lakh; both the prices are for ex-showroom, New Delhi. Also, the BSIII versions of the new Xylo, available in tier-3 cities, are priced between Rs 7.52 lakh and Rs 8.14 lakh, ex-showroom, Gurgaon.

Syrian opposition: Hit Assad  not just ISgroupPrint
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:28 pm
The Western-backed Syrian political opposition is criticizing U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria for focusing on the Islamic State group and other extremists while leaving President Bashar Assad’s government untouched.
Syrian National Coalition chief Nasr al-Hariri said it regrets that the “international community has come up with partial solutions to the Syrian conflict in which hundreds of thousands were killed or detained by the Assad regime.”
In a Coalition statement released on Wednesday, al-Hariri also said that any effort other than helping Syrians overthrow Assad will only further fuel extremism.
The United States and its Arab allies began an air campaign on early Tuesday that aims to destroy the Islamic State group in Syria. The U.S. also struck the al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front.

Sensex tumbles over 200 pts  Nifty below 8k on SC verdict on coal blocksYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex back in green after tumbling over 250 points post SC verdict
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 02.21PM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Karande
(BSE Metal and Power indices…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged over 200 points in trade on Wednesday, while Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8000, after Supreme Court cancelled all coal blocks except government run non-JV allotments.
At 02:41 p.m.; the 30-share index recovered losses and was at 26,800.40, up 24.71 points after falling nearly 200 points post the Supreme Court verdict.
The Nifty was at 8,016.90, down 0.65 points.
BSE Metal and Power indices quickly pared gains and turned negative post the verdict. The S&P BSE Metal index was trading 0.56 per cent lower and BSE Power index plunged 1.28 per cent.
Jindal Steel & Power plunged over 9 per cent to hit its 52-week low of Rs 191.10. The stock was trading 6.7 per cent lower at Rs 195.55 at 02:15 p.m.
Reacting to the news Hindalco Industries also plunged over 4 per cent in trade to hit its intraday low of Rs 152.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 775 and a stop loss of Rs 750
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 386 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Arvind is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 302
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
JustDial is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1525 and a stop loss of Rs 1620
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 610 and a stop loss of Rs 585
Ambuja Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 203 and a stop loss of Rs 213.50
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 370
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 235
BHEL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 202 and a stop loss of Rs 215
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 608 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Voltas Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 217 and a stop loss of Rs 230
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 335
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 769 and a stop loss of Rs 747
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 198
Abhishek Karande , CMT, Technical Analyst - Institutional Research, SBICAP Securities
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 358
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 650 and a stop loss of Rs 574
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2580
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 405
HUL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 745
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3650 and a stop loss of Rs 3585
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex falls over 100 pts post coal verdict; JSPL dives  Coal India shinesSep 24, 2014, 03.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recouped losses in late trade on support by FMCG, healthcare, power, mining and select technology stocks. The Sensex fell 31 points to 26744.69 (which had shed more than 200 points intraday), while the Nifty declined 15.15 points to 8002.40 ahead of September series expiry.
About 1031 shares have advanced, 1928 shares declined, and 102 shares are unchanged.
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Supreme Court added that the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company. The stock was up 5 percent. Attorney General said Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held.
L&T, SBI, TCS, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hero Motocorp were down 1-3 percent while ITC, HUL, Infosys, ONGC, Cipla and Wipro gained 1-3 percent.
03:25pm Reaction on SC verdict on coal scam
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "We believe that uncertainty is possibly the worst enemy of growth. We are glad that this is over with the SC verdict on coal blocks allocation. We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation."
03:20pm Crompton bags order
Avantha Group Company Crompton Greaves announced a USD 25 million new contract win for the design, construction and delivery of 16 mobile substations. The order was placed by the General Directorate for Transmission, Upper Euphrates Region, Ministry of Electricity in Iraq.
The key deliverables are engineering and supply of 16 mobile substations containing 31.5 MVA transformers delivered by CG's power transformer factory in Hungary, auxiliary/earthing units manufactured in the distribution transformer factory in Belgium and control and protection equipment provided by CG's automation arm ZIV.
03:15pm Titan shares in demand
Titan Company says the board of directors of the company has taken an in-principle decision to spin off the precision engineering division of the company as a wholly owned subsidiary, subject to applicable approvals.
The board also approved the invitation and acceptance of deposits from customers for jewelry purchases under the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
03:10pm Ranbaxy Labs in News
Ranbaxy Labs says shareholders approve merger of company with Sun Pharma.
03:05pm Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanks 6%
Jaiprakash Power Ventures said the company's the draft scheme of arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries, for which approval of the exchanges was obtained on June 13, 2014, has been dropped.
03:00pm Godrej Properties in focus
Godrej Properties says it has sold over 250 apartments, with an area over 400,000 square feet. in just three weeks at the launch of its residential project, Godrej Aria, in Sector 79, Gurgaon. 
Spread over 7 acres, Godrej Aria consists of 6 high rise towers and offers 386 apartments across approximately 650,000 sq. ft. of space, it adds.
02:55pm Losers
Shares ICICI Bank, Larsen and Toubro, HDFC, TCS, State Bank of India, Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hindalco Industries fell 1-2.5 percent followed by Axis Bank, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel with over 0.5 percent loss.
02:50pm Leaders
IT, FMCG and healthcare (so called defensives) supported the market. ITC, Infosys, Wipro and Hindustan Unilever spiked 1.5-2.5 percent. Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla rose 0.4-0.7 percent. HDFC Bank gained 0.9 percent.
Coal India topped the buying list, up 4.5 percent. Mahindra and Mahindra, NTPC, ONGC and Tata Power climbed 0.8-1.5 percent.
02:45pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recovered. The Sensex fell 7.54 points to 26768.15 and the Nifty declined 12.70 points to 8004.85. About 868 shares have advanced, 2028 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged.
02:40pm SC exempts 4 coal blocks
Supreme Court said there is no reason to save these blocks, allocation was arbitrary, adding out of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said.
The court asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in 6 months. CBI enquiry into coal block allocation case will continue, SC said.
02:35pm Stocks Impact
Jindal Steel & Power crashed 10 percent, Usha Martin down 12 percent, Sarda Energy down 3 percent, Jayaswal Neco down 7 percent, Monnet Ispat down 6 percent, SAIL down 1.5 percent, GMR Infrastructure down 10 percent and Prakash Industries down 6 percent.
Reliance Power jumped 6.5 percent. Coal India surged 5 percent and NTPC was up 1.5 percent.
02:30pm Analyst on Verdict
Rakesh Arora of Macquarie told CNBC-TV18 that Jindal Steel and Power's penalty amounts to Rs 3,000 crore after Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders.
However, he said the impact on Hindalco Industries will be minimal.
02:25pm SC Verdict
Supreme Court order will become operational after 6 months. Attorney General said companies will have to stop production on March 31, 2015. SC says six months period is given for government to make alternate arrangements.
Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders. Supreme Court says the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company.
Attorney General says Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held
02:20pm Gainers post Coal Verdict
Coal India surged 5 percent after the Supreme Court cancelled category-1 coal blocks except government-run non-joint venture operational blocks. NTPC gained over a percent.
02:15pm Market check: The Sensex is down 134.56 points at 26641.13 and the Nifty is down 47.20 points at 7970.35. About 788 shares have advanced, 2065 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged. Hindalco is down 4 percent and JSPL sinks 10 percent. 
02:10pm Breaking: Coal Block Allocation: Supreme Court cancels category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation are arbitrary. It adds of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
 Don't miss: Market driven by global cues, bullish on ACC: P Lilladher
The market is under pressure. The Sensex is down 45.52 points at 26730.17 and the Nifty down 17.75 points at 7999.80. About 838 shares have advanced, 1979 shares declined, and 82 shares are unchanged.
HUL, Coal India, Wipro, ITC and Hindalco are up 2 percent each. On the losing side are L&T, Tata Power, BHEL, Hero MotoCorp and Bajaj Auto.
Brent crude fell for a third day, slipping further below USD 97 a barrel as inflated supplies and weak economic data from Europe outweighed rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
The European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq and Nigeria overshadowed a boost from China with Tuesday's release of a better-than-expected flash Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for September. US air strikes on militants in Syria also failed to lift prices.
Asian markets closed mixed while Europe is trading flat as concerns on global growth and unrest in Syria dominate sentiment.
13:00

RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015  then ease - Reuters PollSep 24, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease: Poll
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease: Poll
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on Sept. 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero percent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016.
"From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus ," said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. "That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter."
At an RBI meeting in early August, Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was "appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance".
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 percent in August from 7.96 percent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 percent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India's economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 percent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Stock markets have rallied since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May on hopes his government will rapidly usher in reforms and attract foreign investment.
But New Delhi's failure to introduce any big-ticket reforms has dented much of that optimism, putting a spotlight back on the RBI to help boost growth through credit and interest rates.
"Governor Rajan is acutely aware of the trade-off in growth, but what he is trying to achieve is the credibility of inflation targeting," said Vishnu Varathan, senior economist at Mizuho Bank in Singapore.
RELATED NEWS

What s riding on Gusto Mahindra s two-wheeler plansSep 24, 2014, 02.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
What's riding on Gusto? Mahindra's two-wheeler plans
On September 29, Mahindra Two Wheelers will launch the Gusto, a two-wheeler that will mark the company’s first serious attempt at taking a stab at the hot-selling scooter market in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
What's riding on Gusto? Mahindra's two-wheeler plans
On September 29, Mahindra Two Wheelers will launch the Gusto, a two-wheeler that will mark the company’s first serious attempt at taking a stab at the hot-selling scooter market in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On September 29, Mahindra Two Wheelers, a subsidiary of Mahindra & Mahindra , will launch the Gusto , a two-wheeler that will mark the company’s first serious attempt at taking a stab at the hot-selling scooter market in India.
The launch of the Gusto comes at a time when Mahindra’s existing scooter line-up has failed to match up to rivals such as the leader Honda Activa, or its leading contemporaries such as Suzuki Access, Hero Pleasure, TVS Jupiter or Yamaha Ray.
Mahindra’s existing scooters, Duro and Rodeo, have been carried over from the line-up it acquired when it bought out Kinetic in 2008, and have failed to make a dent in a thriving market in the face of superior products coming from rival stables.
Thus, much will depend on Gusto -- the first product to be developed indigenously by Mahindra, and which will sport an all-aluminum construction apart from having advanced features as stronger crankshaft and bearings, high-inertia magneto and high-energy HT coil -- to turn around the company’s fortunes in the segment.
In the past few years, the scooter segment has grown faster than motorcycles on a low base and contributes 25 percent of the overall two-wheeler market. According to SIAM data, the industry sold 17.5 lakh units between April and August this year, 32 percent higher than compared to the same period last year.
Mahindra’s overall two-wheeler business had failed to take off, clocking accumulated losses of Rs 790 crore since fiscal year 2009 through to 2013, according to a Business Standard report .
The brand’s image suffered a serious blow after its much-hyped commuter bike Stallio, launched amid much fanfare to take on the Hero Splendor (it was promoted by Aamir Khan) in 2010 had to be recalled for a gearbox issue months into its launch.
Several analysts had criticized the company’s decision to enter the two-wheeler segment and there were reports the management itself was considering shutting it down.
But after ambling about for a few years, the company appears to be have put its act together.
Last year, its Centuro motorcycle was launched and became an instant success, leading to a wait period of several months.
In 2014, the group asked its top executive Pawan Goenka to take charge of the division.
Mahindra will now look to the Gusto to do in the scooter business what the Centuro has done in motorcycles: create a mark.
Clearly, the company is pulling out all stops to ensure this. Reports suggest that, in a first, the company has also roped in its tractors and utility vehicles dealership network to sell the scooter.
The company also has plans to export the scooter and the India launch will take place along with a launch in other countries such as Nepal, with many others to follow.
The company will also launch its premium sports bike, the 300cc Mojo, which would help in upping the brand quotient, if not meaningfully increase the sales chart, and there are a total of four product launches this year.
M&M Financial stock price
On November 21, 2014, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services closed at Rs 302.10, down Rs 4.95, or 1.61 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 355.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 229.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 14.71 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.54. The latest book value of the company is Rs 89.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.37.
RELATED NEWS

Godrej Properties sells over 250 apartments at launch of Godrej AriaSep 24, 2014, 02.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Godrej Properties sells over 250 apartments at launch of Godrej Aria
Godrej Properties has sold over 250 apartments, with an area over 400,000 sq. ft. in just three weeks at the launch of its residential project, Godrej Aria, in Sector 79, Gurgaon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Godrej Properties sells over 250 apartments at launch of Godrej Aria
Godrej Properties has sold over 250 apartments, with an area over 400,000 sq. ft. in just three weeks at the launch of its residential project, Godrej Aria, in Sector 79, Gurgaon.
Post your opinion here
 
Godrej Properties Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 24, 2014 titled "Godrej Properties sells over 250 apartments at the launch of Godrej Aria".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals recommends dividendSep 24, 2014, 02.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals recommends dividend
Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 30, 2014, has recommended dividend of 50 paise per Equity share of Rs. 5/- each.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals recommends dividend
Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 30, 2014, has recommended dividend of 50 paise per Equity share of Rs. 5/- each.
Post your opinion here
 
Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 30, 2014, inter alia, has recommended dividend of Rs. 0.50/- per Equity share of Rs. 5/- each.Source : BSE

SC quashes 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993SC quashes 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993
Teen IS terror suspect shot to death in Melbourne after stabbing copsTeen IS terror suspect shot to death in Melbourne after stabbing cops
Indian organizations need to get "Fit for Growth" says PwC Strategy& studyIndian organizations need to get "Fit for Growth" says PwC Strategy& study
Sensex tumbles over 200 points on SC verdict on coal blocksSensex tumbles over 200 points on SC verdict on coal blocks
SC cancels 214 coal mines; metal  power stocks fallSC cancels 214 coal mines; metal  power stocks fall
Capital First: Outcome of board meetingCapital First: Outcome of board meeting
Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions bags Rs 3.39 bn orderThermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions bags Rs 3.39 bn order
BlackRock increases stake in Nokia Corporation by over 5%BlackRock increases stake in Nokia Corporation by over 5%
PTI
New York, Sept 24:  
Global asset management giant BlackRock has increased its stake in Nokia by over 5 per cent.
The US-based Blackrock Inc is the world’s largest asset manager with over $4 trillion in assets under management.
In a statement, Nokia Corporation said: “The holdings of BlackRock, Inc in Nokia have exceeded 5 per cent of the share capital and voting rights of Nokia.”
On September 22, 2014, BlackRock holdings in Nokia, through its controlled undertakings, comprising of both shares and convertible bonds issued by Nokia, amounted to a total of 188,139,957 shares, corresponding to about 5.02 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia, it added.
The total holdings of BlackRock include 179,656,351 Nokia shares, corresponding to around 4.80 per cent of the total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
Besides, convertible bonds issued by Nokia that would, upon conversion based on the current conversion price result to a holding of 8,483,606 shares, corresponding to about 0.23 per cent of the current total number of shares and voting rights of Nokia.
The maturity date of the convertible bonds is October 26, 2017, Nokia said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

HCC bags contracts worth Rs 208 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HCC bags contracts worth Rs 208 cr
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Sept 24:  
Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) has secured contracts worth Rs 208 crore.
This includes a contract from the Municipal Corporation of Brihan Mumbai for laying a 1.765 km pipeline, besides another order from a leading petrochemical company for the construction of off-gas cracker and process units.
HCC is in L1 position in nine tenders aggregating Rs 3,092 crore in which its share is Rs 2,964 crore. These include three tenders in hydropower and six in road segment.
HCC said the Delhi High Court had on Monday granted relief by directing a payment of Rs 225 crore to HCC on the company furnishing a bank guarantee to the Delhi High Court to the extent of 50 per cent of the value in connection with a dispute arising out of extension of time claim in the Allahabad bypass road project.
Earlier, the Arbitral Tribunal and the single judge of the Delhi High Court upheld the claim.
Praveen Sood, Group CFO, said, “The latest order by the Delhi High Court vindicates HCC’s position in respect of awarded claims. This also paves the way for payment of concluded arbitral awards of more than Rs 1,000 crore.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Apex court scraps some coal blocks allocated since 1993Apex court scraps 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993
Agencies
Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks alloted since 1993 and granted six months breathing time to companies whose blocks were cancelled to wind up business.
NEW DELHI, Sept 24:  
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks — one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects — from being cancelled.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The bench also directed the companies, which were allocated coal blocks but had not operationalised them, to pay a compensation to the government for the loss of exchequer. It accepted the findings of the CAG which came to the conclusion that the loss of Rs 295 per tonne was caused due to the non-operation of the mines.
The apex court also noticed the stand taken by the NDA government that it is “fully prepared to face socio-economic impact” if the coal block allocations were cancelled.
During the earlier hearing in the case, the UPA govt had opposed cancellation of coal blocks allocation saying that around Rs 2 lakh crore had been invested by various companies after blocks were alloted to them.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The apex court, which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of cancelling them saying, “what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

HCL Tech appoints Matt Preschern as Chief Marketing OfficerHCL Tech appoints Matt Preschern as Chief Marketing Officer
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
IT services firm HCL Technologies today announced the appointment of Matt Preschern as its Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) and Executive VP.
Before joining HCL Technologies, Preschern was the Senior VP and Enterprise Chief Marketing Officer at Windstream where he led brand management, demand generation and digital content marketing, the Noida-based firm said in a release.
He was also responsible for the product and solution marketing, pricing, channel and field marketing, PR and industry analyst relations at Windstream, it added.
Preschern has held leadership positions at IBM including Vice President of Marketing for the North America Business Consulting Services organisation. He also played a key role in IBM’s global ‘Smarter Planet’ campaign and also developed the ’On Demand Business Adoption’ model.
“His experience in building marketing muscle for next generation technology solutions and services makes him a perfect choice for playing a key role in enabling HCL’s growth blueprint based on new generation propositions,” HCL Technologies CEO Anant Gupta said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Ikea signs agreement with Telangana govt to open store in HyderabadIkea signs agreement with Telangana govt to open store in Hyderabad
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 24:  
Swedish furniture retailer Ikea has signed up with the Telangana Government to set up a retail store in Hyderabad.
The MoU for establishing its store in the State was signed by CEO Juvencio Maeztu and Pradeep Chandra, Special Chief Secretary Industries, Government of Telangana, today in the presence of Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao.
Ikea is one of the world's largest international furniture, household goods and textiles retail companies headquartered in Sweden. It was one of the first companies in India to be allowed 100 per cent FDI in retail. It plans to open a number of stores in India with the first store in Hyderabad.
The Ikea retail outlets have a standard design and each location entails an investment of $100 million (Rs 500-600 crore). It also promotes backward integration of supplier linkages, seen to have tremendous economic impact to the State.
Assuring all necessary support to Ikea, the Chief Minister suggested to the Ikea representatives that they tie up with artisans in Telangana such as Nirmal, Silver Filigri, Pembarti and so on for their furniture as add-on things.
He felt that the pearls of Hyderabad should also find their place in these stores, a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office said.
The State may consider it as an industry to extend Government incentives.
Responding to their request, the Chief Minister has agreed to accommodate their stores near one of the Metro retail terminals.
Ikea India also intends to explore the potential to increase its supply chain and network of long-term suppliers. The Ikea team presented the Chief Minister with a copy of their catalogue titled 'Where the wonderful every day starts'.
The Telangana Government has made the Commissioner of Industries a single contact point to ensure a speedy, transparent process for all applications, permissions and licences.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Australia played key role in India s historic entry into Martian orbit'Australia played key role in India's historic entry into Martian orbit'
M Somasekhar
Tweet
September 24, 2014:  
In India's historic entry into the Martian orbit, Australia played an important role. From Down Under, its engineers and technicians confirmed the successful first phase of India's Mars Orbiter Mission.
"Australia lets world know India’s Mars Orbiter Mission has arrived. We congratulate the Indian Space Research Organisation on its successful mission, which arrived in the orbit above the red planet,'' said Patrick Suckling, Australian High Commissioner in India.
Engineers and technicians working at the CSIRO-managed Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex (CDSCC) in regional Australia played a critical role in confirming the successful first phase of MOM.
The largest antenna dish in the southern hemisphere, CDSCC’s Deep Space Station 43, which has supported many important space missions, today captured the minute signals from the mission and confirmed its successful entering into the orbit.
“I commend ISRO on this historic event. It is an important milestone for Indian space research and exploration. It is an example of the expanding scientific cooperation between Australia and India. I welcome our strengthening cooperation in space exploration,” Suckling said in a statement.
“The Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex is the prime station for the mission as it relays data to mission control at ISRO’s Telemetry Tracking and Command Network in Bangalore. This is a critical element of this mission.”
Australia and India have a strong record of cooperation in space research and exploration. Both the countries had signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Civil Space Cooperation in 2012.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Merchant bankers vie for managing PFC  REC stake saleMerchant bankers vie for managing PFC, REC stake sale
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
About a dozen merchant bankers, including the likes of JM Financial, HSBC, StanChart, have queued up to manage the 5 per cent stake sale of PFC and REC, which could together fetch over Rs 2,700 crore to the exchequer.
As many as 12 merchant bankers have bid for managing the stake sale of Rural Electrification Corp (REC) and 10 bankers for that of Power Finance Corp (PFC), the Department of Disinvestment (DoD) said.
The bankers would be making presentations before the DoD on September 26.
The government would sell stake in these two companies through the Offer for Sale (OFS) route.
The government holds 72.80 per cent stake in PFC and 65.64 per cent in REC.
The government is also considering to allot shares to PFC and REC employees at a 5 per cent discount to the issue price up to a maximum of 10 per cent of the OFS size. The employees will be eligible to apply for shares up to Rs 2 lakh only.
At the current market price of around Rs 236 apiece, a sale of 5 per cent stake or 6.6 crore PFC shares would fetch the exchequer over Rs 1,500 crore.
Besides, sale of 5 per cent stake or 4.94 crore REC shares could fetch over Rs 1,200 crore to the exchequer.
The combined revenue to the exchequer from PFC and REC stake sale could be over Rs 2,500 crore.
The government estimates to collect Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment in PSUs. It has already initiated process for stake sale in RINL, ONGC, NHPC and SAIL.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Sensex bracing to outdo a Mangalyaan  touch one-lakh by 2020‘Sensex bracing to do a Mangalyaan, touch one lakh by 2020’
Vinson Kurian
The Sensex is poised for a bull phase that could see it cross the 1,00,000-target by 2020.
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 24:  
The Sensex has launched itself for a bull phase extending over the next five-to-10 years and could do a Mangalyaan in ‘pushing the beyond’ to cross the 1,00,000-target.
This could happen as early as 2020, according to Rajendran V, Managing Director of the city-based stock brokers Capstocks and Securities.
DECENT GROWTH
Explaining his logic, he said Sensex companies have managed to post decent earnings growth in 2013-14 despite muted GDP growth of 4.7 per cent.
During this financial year, the Sensex EPS (combined earnings of 30 companies in the Sensex) was 1,340, a growth of 12 per cent over that of the previous year.
“With a pro-reform and stable Government at the Centre and early signs of the economy bottoming out, it is logical to assume 15 per cent earnings growth in Sensex stocks during 2014-15.”
This would fire up Sensex earnings to 1,540 this year. Historically, Indian markets have traded between a P/E of 13 and 28.
“Currently, the Sensex is trading at a P/E of around 19. An estimated earnings growth of 15 per cent and the current P/E of 19 will itself take the Sensex to 30,000 by March 2015,” Rajendran says.
BEING RE-RATED
Concurrently Indian markets are also undergoing a re-rating in valuations since foreign investors are ready to buy Indian stocks at higher valuations on expectations of higher economic growth.
“Once the results of reforms being implemented become known in the coming quarters, investors will definitely be ready to give higher P/E valuations.
“Even at a conservative P/E of 21, the Sensex can touch 32,300 by March 2015,” Rajendran says.
The pace of Sensex earnings growth would accelerate further next year and an estimated 20 per cent growth for 2015-16 will take the index earning to 1,850.
This would translate to a Sensex target of around 40,000 by March 2016.
“If we extrapolate Sensex earnings further with higher growth rates of 25 per cent and a P/E of 21, the Sensex will touch 50,000 by March 2017 and 1,00,000 by March 2020.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

HC orders CBI probe in Panrui murder caseHC orders CBI probe in Panrui murder case
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 24:  
In a major setback to the Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal Government, the Calcutta High Court on Wednesday ordered a CBI probe into the Panrui murder case.
This comes after the Supreme Court ordered a probe by the central investigating agency after the Saradha scam. In both the cases, the State Government has been opposing an investigation by independent agencies.
The prayer by State counsel Kalyan Bandopadhyay for a stay on the order to allow the West Bengal Government to move an appeal was rejected by the court.
The court also directed the CBI to file the investigation reports from time to time.
Claiming that the probe carried out by a special investigation team (headed by the Director General of Police) was "one-sided" and "tainted with extraneous influences", Justice Harish Tandon held that the SIT probe was not carried out in a manner it should have been done.
The court was also critical of the role of the DGP and the fact that SIT had overlooked inflammatory speeches made by Trinamool Congress leaders ahead of Sagar Ghosh’s murder.
Called Panrui (a village in Birbhum district) murder case, the incident saw Sagar, an independent Panchayat member, being shot at by miscreants inside his house in July last year, just ahead of the Panchayat polls.
Ghosh’s son, Hriday, had moved court seeking an independent probe into the murder of his father.
Allegations were leveled against the Trinamool Congress’ Birbhum district President, Anubrata Mondal, and some other leaders as the prime accused.
Mondal, a few days before the murder, while addressing an election rally at Birbhum, had allegedly asked party workers to attack independent candidates and burn them unless they withdrew their nominations.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

E-commerce in India: BJP s Meenakshi Lekhi invokes Alibaba  targets US  ChinaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme Court scraps 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993; companies to pay for losses causedHome
FE editor's picks
Coal block allocations case: Supreme Court scraps 214, spares 4; firms may have to pay Rs 7,900 crore penalty
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
 

Sensex plunges 215 pts at midsession after Supreme Court coal rulingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Infant cooing  babbling tied to hearing abilityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex down 100 points after SC verdict on coal blocks; JSPL slumps 13%Sensex down 100 points after SC verdict on coal blocks; JSPL slumps 13%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 02:20 PM IST
Markets slipped in late noon trades on Wednesday after the Supreme Court in its verdict today cancelled most of the coal blocks allocated.
At 2:20PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 123 points 26,651 and the 50-share Nifty was down 38 points at 7,980.
The Supreme Court cancelled all blocks except government-run non-JV operational blocks. The apex court has concelled all Category-I coal blocks.
Further, exempted coal blocks include, allocation of Sasan UMPP project and also to NTPC and SAIL.
The Supreme Court has also asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply within a period of six months.
The main losers on the Sensex are L&T, BHEL, Tata Power, SBI and Hindalco, all falling between 2-3%. Jindal Steel and Power slumped 13%.
_______________
(Updated at 1300hrs)
Markets turned choppy as weakness in global markets weighed on the indices in noon trades. Also, selling in some of the index heavyweights like L&T, TCS, HDFC, Tata Motors and ICICI Bank kept upside gains under check.
At 1300 hrs, the Sensex was down 63 points at 26,712 and the Nifty gave off 24 points to trade at 7,994.
Earlier in the day, the BSE benchmark index had slipped to a low of 26,642. Later, markets trimmed losses but continued to trade in the negative territory within a very tight range. The market volatility was expected ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts which will expire tomorrow.
However, the selling pressure was persistent in the broader markets. The mid and smallcap index slipped nearly 1.5% each putting lid to an outperformance seen over the last few weeks. Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark index was flat with a negative bias.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, a clear trend of investor shunning risk was visible in trades thus far. Realty, Capital Goods and Power indices were the laggards among the sectoral indices, down 1-2%.
Among the winners were FMCG index up 1.5% leading the gains along with Metal and Oil & Gas indices up 0.1% each. IT was flat with a positive bias.
HUL and ITC up 1.5-2.5% were the top gainers among sensex-30.
From the IT space, Wipro and Infosys was up nearly 1.5% each.
Coal India, Hindalco, HDFC Bank and RIL up 0.5-2% were the other notable gainers.
Among the ones in red were L&T, BHEL, Tata Power, Hero MotoCorp all down 2-2.5%.
TCS, HDFC and Tata Motors down a percent each were the other prominent draggers.
In individual names, Force Motors dipped nearly 5% on profit booking.
Credit Analysis and Research (CARE) dipped over 6%  after the stock turned ex-dividend for Rs 75 per share today.
Sasken Communication Technologies is frozen at lower circuit of 20% at Rs 253 on National Stock Exchange after the company said Mr. Anjan Lahiri, whole time director & chief executive officer (CEO) has resigned from the services of the company and consequently from the board of directors effective September 23, 2014.
Sanofi India gained 4%, extending its 11% rally in the previous session, as the company would benefit the most after the government withdrew National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's power that permitted it to fix prices of non-essential drugs.
The market breadth was negative on BSE owing to weak broader markets.  1903 stocks declined while 813 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
U.S. air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares.
The dollar was kept in check after US yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
The CSI300  of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings climbed 0.9%, while the Shanghai Composite Index was up 0.8%.
On the other hand, Tokyo's Nikkei shed 0.3% and Australian shares lost 1.1%.

Top gaming accessories for your phoneStory
Gaming accessories for your phone
Smartphones and tablets can now be bundled up as handheld gaming devices by adding accessories that will enhance the experience.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
Gaming accessories for your phone
Who says serious gaming is restricted to consoles? Smartphones and tablets can now be bundled up as handheld gaming devices by adding accessories that will enhance the experience. Here's a list of a few must-have accessories. Most of these are for iOS devices, but there are many for Android phones too. While some of them are available in India, you can buy the others while travelling abroad or order through online retailers.
PINBALL MAGIC FOR iPHONE
PinBall Magic for iPhone
You might argue that this isn't something dedicated gamers would love. But this is still a fun accessory to add to your iPhone and improve the gaming experience. It offers features such as Pinball Magic and Classic pinball game controls. There is an animated backbox with rotating beacon lights to reward your pinball wizard skills and a realistic machine cabinet with folding legs for easy transport and storage.
Price: Rs 2,837
RII WIRELESS BLUETOOTH JOYPAD GAME CONTROLLER
Rii Wireless Bluetooth Joypad
Designed for iPhone 4S, this game controller supports over 100 games listed on the App Store. The controller comes with built-in Bluetooth 3.0 that connects to the phone. It has 10 direction keys and is easy to master the controls. It weighs 160 grams, so doesn't add much weight to the phone and is compact as well.
Price: Rs 2,696
MOGA ACE POWER CONTROLLER
Moga Ace power controller
The Moga Ace Power Controller is compatible with iPhones running iOS 7. It can be used to on iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, and iPod Touch (5th generation) to improve the gaming experience. The device is easy to set up and its MOGA Boost technology allows you to play longer before running your phone's battery down. It also features S.M.R.T. Lock technology to secure your phone, besides dual analog sticks, shoulder buttons and triggers, a D-pad, and four action buttons.
Price: $79.99
MOPHIE JUICE PACK AIR
Mophie Juice Pack Air
Designed for iPhone 5 and 5S, the Juice Pack provides protection to the phones along with providing instant charge. The Juice Pack has an inbuilt rechargeable lithium battery. When the phone slides into the case, the connector at the base plugs into the port at the bottom of the phone. There is a standby switch to control the usage of stored juice in the Pack.
Price: Rs 6,995
STEEL SERIES STRATUS
SteelSeries Stratus
If you think full-size gaming controllers are only meant for consoles, think again. SteelSeries has come up with Stratus, a fullsize controller that connects to iOS devices over Bluetooth. The Stratus XL sports dual joysticks, a directional D-pad, four action buttons, and four shoulder buttons.
Price: 79.99 euros + 37.99 euros (Shipping cost)
LOGITECH POWERSHELL CONTROLLER + BATTERY
Logitech Powershell Controller and Battery
Designed for iPhone 5, 5s and 5c, the Powershell Controller from Logitech comes with a three-year limited warranty. It weighs 120 grams and is 21mm thick. Its design gives easy access to controls on the phone. It includes a 3.5mm headphone adapter with an angled design to keep cords safely away from the action. It comes with a 1,500 mAh integrated battery that gives the phone some extra power.
Price: Rs 8,995
ENHANCE PRECISE GAMING MICRO ARCADE JOYSTICK
Enhance precise gaming micro arcade joystick
Touchscreen games are not always easy to play. This joystick provides a more responsive gaming experience. The tactile touch of a joystick eliminates the need to look at the game controls while playing. It can be used for classic games, emulators, first person shooters, fighting and any other game with directional pad controls. As one moves the joystick, the capacitive base transfers the movements to the game for more accurate control. It is lightweight and doesn't add pressure on the screen.
Price: Rs 1,499
PLANTRONICS BACKBEAT GO 2
The BackBeat Go 2 is water resistant and one of the best Bluetooth headsets for the iPhone that won't hurt the pocket much. It comes with a carrying pouch with an internal rechargeable lithium battery that charges the headset when the charger is not near. The sound quality is good, taking the gaming experience to an all new level.
Price: Rs 4,100

Indian BPOs eye LatAm  West Asia for growthComments
Indian business process management (BPM) companies will open more delivery centres in Latin America and West Asia in order to tap the growth prospects in these markets.
Expanding into Latin American countries would also help them serve US — their largest client — from closer locations. “West Asia is comparatively a virgin market for the Indian BPM companies.
There are new opportunities coming up, especially in telecommunication sector. We will continue to invest there,” said Rajiv Ahuja, president shared services and chief operating officer, Asia, Aegis.
Aegis recently sold its business in the US, Philippines and Costa Rica to Teleperformance. With a five-year no-entry clause that bars the company to operate in these markets is in effect, Aegis is looking at other markets for growth.
Between Jeddah and Riyadh it has about 2,000 people in Saudi Arabia and is expanding its facility in Dubai. In Latin America, Aegis has 5,000 people spread across six centres and is looking to enter Brazil.
The company explores acquisition options to establish itself in Brazil. “We have centres in Columbia in Latin America and Jamaica in the Caribbean Islands which help us to serve our US market from closer locations. One of these centres is in partnership with another firm.
We are in the process of converting it a full-fledged centre of our own,” said Partha De Sarkar, CEO, Hinduja Global Solutions (HGS).
HGS has a cash reserve of $60 million ( Rs. 365 crore) and is looking at acquisition that will help expansion in these regions.
“We have a sales office in Dubai and we service our West Asia clients from India. We might probably look at expanding in the region,” he said.
“We get telecom clients who require customer support in Hindi, Urdu, Malayalam, Bengali etc,” he said.
According to the latest Nasscom report, Indian BPM companies will open more delivery centres in Latin America. Leading companies such as TCS and Infosys have been present there for a decade.

IFC aims to sell more rupee bonds overseasNeha Dasgupta and Himank Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 11:07 IST
Photo: Reuters
The International Finance Corporation (IFC), the World Bank's private sector arm, is in talks with Indian regulators on selling another $2 billion in rupee-denominated bonds overseas, signalling strong foreign interest in gaining exposure to the country.
The IFC launched a maiden, $1 billion, offshore, rupee-linked bond programme last year to raise money for private infrastructure projects in India. It was completed in April and attracted strong demand. The IFC programme has allowed foreign investors to gain further access to India, while the country has benefited from a small step towards the internationalisation of the rupee and gets help in raising funds for infrastructure.
The IFC also said on Tuesday it had raised around $100 million through an issue of rupee-denominated bonds in India, christening them "Maharaja bonds". The debt, which targets both foreign and domestic investors, is part of the organisation's $2.5 billion onshore debt programme.
Serge Devieux, regional director of the IFC for South Asia, told reporters the organisation had been surprised at the demand for its offshore issuance, giving it confidence in launching the onshore debt programme.
"The response was immense. It was many times oversubscribed," Devieux said about the offshore sale. "There are quite a lot of investors out there, whether local or international, who want to make an investment."
Keshav Gaur, the IFC's head of treasury client solutions for Asia, Europe, Middle East and North Africa, said the organisation was "still talking to the regulators" about expanding the offshore bond sales by $2 billion.
The rupee has rallied 13 per cent since hitting a record low of 68.85 per dollar in August last year, helped by measures to narrow the current account deficit and the Reserve Bank of India's commitment to curb inflation .
Investors have also welcomed the election in May of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who has pledged to revive the economy and the investment climate.
The IFC's $1 billion offshore bond was followed by the Asian Development Bank's first-ever sale of rupee-linked bonds abroad last month with a 3 billion rupee issue.
Foreign investors' exposure to rupee debt could get a further push should India join Euroclear, the world's largest securities settlement system, which would let foreign investors settle domestic government bonds on the system.
The IFC's domestic sale on Tuesday involved a 6 billion rupee ($98.5 million) issue with four tranches with maturities ranging from five to 20 years.
Sales by the IFC of onshore bonds could help with raising funds in the capital markets for India to pursue infrastructure projects.
In mid-July the government sought to encourage banks to issue bonds to fund infrastructure by exempting these bonds from reserve requirements.

World s Top Employers for New GradsRank among business students: 1
Rank (engineering students): 1
Headquarters: Mountain View, CA
No. of employees: 47,800
What makes it great: Innovation colossus Google tops our list again as the most popular employer among business and engineering students alike. In just the last year, Google tested delivery drones, made a $50 smartphone and got closer to making self-driving cars a reality.
While a diversity report this year showed that Google, like many of its Silicon Valley brethren, is overwhelmingly white and male, the tech giant says it's working to recruit more diverse talent. And the ample space Google offers for fresh ideas -- as well as perks like on-site healthcare, concierge service and endless free food -- continues to attract a steady stream of tech trailblazers to its door.
What they're looking for: "Googlers" are people that want to "do cool things that matter," according to the company's career site. Roles in design, sales, finance and other areas are available to smart and determined people with avid personal interests. Leaders with stellar problem-solving skills and technical prowess will excel here.

Jared Leto  Snoop Dogg invest in RobinhoodJared Leto, Snoop Dogg invest in Robinhood
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong September 23, 2014: 3:13 PM ET
Jared Leto, Nas and Snoop Dogg have invested in trading app Robinhood.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
What do actor Jared Leto and rappers Snoop Dogg and Nas have in common? Besides signature looks and big bank accounts, they are co-investors in Robinhood, a new app that aims to make trading stocks simple and free.
At the moment, average Joes who want to invest go online or call someone at a brokerage such as E*Trade ( ETFC ) or Charles Schwab ( SCHW ). Those companies typically charge $7 to $10 fees per trade.
Robinhood wants to eliminate those commissions and make trading as easy as ordering a car on Uber or Lyft.
"The reason why other brokers charge between $7 and $10 a trade isn't because it costs that much to execute a trade. That $7 to $10 is going toward marketing budgets and brick and mortar locations," says Vladimir Tenev, co-founder of Robinhood.
So far, the app is hitting a lot of bull's-eyes. Half a million people are currently on the wait list to download the app when it comes out of the testing phase, likely in early 2015, the company says. Customers who use the app also will not have to hold any minimum amount in their accounts.
Related: Why are so many people excited about Robinhood?
Robinhood announced $13 million in additional seed funding on Tuesday. Investors in the latest round of financing include Index Ventures, which backs many Silicon Valley startups; Howard Lindzon, one of the founders of Stocktwits ; and the three mega celebrities, among others.
"What [Snoop Dogg and Nas] got most excited about is our customers are the people who listen to their music," Robinhood co-founder Baiju Prafulkumar Bhatt told CNNMoney. Bhatt noted the stars have been helpful advisers since they are also business owners.
Tenev and Bhatt were roommates at Stanford University who then went to work on Wall Street building high-frequency trading (HFT) platforms for financial institutions. Now in their late 20s, they are back on the West Coast trying to bring the Silicon Valley sensibility to the stock market.
The goal of their app is to appeal to the mass market. As CNNMoney has reported before , only 14% of Americans own and trade individual stocks -- that's less than half the number of people who have a cat.
"The ability to participate in the stock market is a huge privilege that we as Americans have," Bhatt said. "Getting it more accessible to large audiences is a huge opportunity."
First Published: September 23, 2014: 3:02 PM ET
Most Popular

Thermax gains 7% on bagging Rs 339-crore orderYou are here: Home > Collections
Thermax rallies 7% on order win of JV for Rs 339 crore
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(The order is from B&W PGG…)
NEW DELHI: Thermax Ltd rallied as much as 6.9 per cent in trade on Wednesday after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore.
At 09:30 a.m.; Thermax pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 4.8 per cent higher at Rs 932.05. It hit a low of Rs 929.20 and a high of Rs 950 in trade today.
The order is from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items such as boiler pressure parts, critical piping, pulverisers, plate work for casing, ducts and hoppers for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
The contract also includes supply of ancillary items including valves, dampers, expansion joints and instrumentation items, Thermax said in a filing with BSE.
Detailed engineering and supply of material are scheduled to be completed within 21 months for the first unit and 24 months for the second unit, said the filing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MOM entous: India scripts history with Mangalyaan featComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

Supreme Court scraps 214 illegal coal blocks  spares only 4 allocationsSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Book your train meal through SMS on139Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:09 pm
Now railway passengers can book meals through SMS to 139 as the service will be launched from Thursday on a few selected trains on trial basis.
The SMS food service will be made operational on six trains in Delhi-Amritsar section from September 25 as a pilot project, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Delhi-Pathankot Express, Katihar-Amritsar Express, Amritsar-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Express, Shane Punjab Express, New Delhi-Amritsar Express and Shaheed Express are being selected for trial of SMS food service.
“All these trains do not have pantry car,” said the official adding “the service will be carried out by the IRCTC.”
According to the plan, one has to send an SMS to 139 along with the PNR number to book a meal.
“Passenger has to write just meal and then PNR number. Once the SMS is received, the PNR number will be verified for the particular train, coach and seat position and the passenger will be contacted with the details of menu available,” the official said.
Payment will be collected after delivery of the food at the designated seat.
The SMS food serive is part of the e-catering service of the Railways which is facing an uphill task of improving food quality being served on trains.
“The SMS service will be extended to other trains depending on the trial results as our aim is to provide the passengers various options for availing food on trains,” he said.
Besides the SMS, railways is also making available food through phone calls and for this two dedicated numbers have been provided for the catering purpose.
One can make a call to 1800 1034 139 or 0120-4383892-99 to book a meal.
During the trial, passengers will be served food at the five nominated stations – New Delhi, Delhi, Nizamuddin, Amritsar and Ludhiana only.
The food will be served from the IRCTC Food Plazas or Catering Units at the Delhi-Amritsar section.

Police mix-up frees 3 suspected jihadis inFranceFrench army soldiers patrol among travelers, at the Gare du Nord station, in Paris, France, Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:06 pm
France’s body politic is up in arms after three suspected French jihadis who had traveled to Syria were sent home by police in Turkey without French police knowing about it.
Adding to officials’ discomfort, French authorities initially said the three men were apprehended at Paris’ Orly airport — only to announce later that the suspects had flown to Marseille, passed through a passport check and customs and walked away free.
Lawyers for the three men said Wednesday they were not on the run and available for police questions. One is the former brother-in-law of a slain extremist who led a terrorist killing spree in southern France two years ago.
Speaking on France-Info radio, Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian decried a “huge foul-up” due largely to flawed collaboration with Turkish authorities.

Sarkozy corruption probe suspended: sourceSarkozy is widely seen as aiming to reclaim the presidency he lost to Francois Hollande (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:48 pm
A corruption and influence-peddling investigation launched in July against former French president Nicolas Sarkozy has been suspended, days after he dramatically announced a political comeback.
The Paris appeals court decided on Tuesday to freeze the probe pending a study of a request by Sarkozy to have it dismissed, a source close to the enquiry said on Wednesday. The suspension could last several months.
Sarkozy is widely seen as aiming to reclaim the presidency he lost to Francois Hollande in 2012. The next presidential election is in 2017. In the meanwhile, Sarkozy hopes again to take over as chief of his UMP party, which is fractured by dissent.
The latest legal development offers a respite to the former president. But he still remains mired in several other judicial matters, including for alleged corruption.
The suspended case relates to an alleged attempt by Sarkozy to seek inside information from a magistrate in a high court concerning him, in return for help in securing the magistrate a lucrative job in Monaco.
The magistrate, Gilbert Azibert, did not get the posting but was charged, along with Sarkozy’s lawyer Thierry Herzog.
Sarkozy and Herzog argue that wiretaps of phone calls to each were not legal.
The wiretaps, which provided some of the basis for the case, were ordered as part of a different investigation into Sarkozy, over alleged illicit political funding from deposed Libyan dictator Moamer Kadhafi.
Sarkozy is also named in other legal scandals, including one alleging that his UMP falsely inflated invoices by up to 11 million euros (USD 14 million) to cover up outlays over a campaign spending cap in 2012, another involving suspected kickbacks from a Pakistani arms deal concluded in 1995 when Sarkozy was budget minister, and another alleging cronyism in the attribution of contracts for opinion polling when he was president.

Metal stocks crack up to 12% after SC verdict | Sensex trades in redSupreme Court cancels 214 coal blocks allocation; Hindalco, JSPL, Usha Martin fall
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 03.39PM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(Shares of metal companies…)
MUMBAI: The Supreme Court has cancelled all coal blocks except government run non-JV allotments. According to experts, this was on expected lines after the apex court had judged all coal block allocations post 1992 as illegal.
Shares of metal companies Hindalco, Jindal Steel , Tata Steel and Usha Martin slipped upto 14 per cent on selling pressure post ruling.
The court has cancelled total 214 allocated coal mines out of 218. NTPC's Pakri Barwadih block and allotments to 3 UMPPs were not cancelled.
The SC has asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in six months time.
The government is ready to face implications of coal block cancellation and orders auction of mines after scrapping permits, the court said.
Attorney General , Mukul Rohatgi said the allottees have a breathing period of 6 months. The government will be free to auction coal blocks post March 31, 2015.
Coal India has been asked to take over operational blocks for 6 months.
At 02:10 p.m.; Hindalco was down 1.81 per cent, JSPL plunged 6.67, Tata Steel declined 1.86 per cent and Usha Martin fell 5.24 per cent.
Operational Coal Blocks:
Blocks where commencements were expected to begin soon:
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC verdict good for Coal India  stock up 5%: what ex-chairman P Bhattacharya sayscoal blocks
("For the court, it is not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Partha Bhattacharya , Former Chairman, Coal India, talks about the cancellation of coal block allocations. Excerpts:
ET Now: All coal blocks have been cancelled, except the government run non-JV allotments. Your initial thoughts?
Partha Bhattacharya: People expected it to happen when the court had declared all these allocations as illegal. So, if everything is already illegal, it is then not a very difficult decision to make. I believe this decision is a corollary of what the court had held as far as the allocations were concerned.
ET Now: Do you think this is a very harsh decision considering the economic reality? Captive coal will be the mainstay for the power industry after the cancellation of coal allocations. Will the problems only get messier?
Partha Bhattacharya: For the court, it is not a question of harsh or soft. The question is of illegality. The court must have arrived at this conclusion only after a thorough deliberation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Frequent changes in drug price control list a pain for chemistsUpdated: September 20, 2014 22:37 IST
Frequent changes in drug price control list a pain for chemists
Ramnath Subbu
pharmaceutical
The move by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to increase the span of drugs under price control by adding new strengths of 43 drugs of already under price control and revising ceiling prices of some others has been opposed by industry and trade.
No effective date has been announced and J. S. Shinde, President, All India Organisation of Chemists & Druggists (AIOCD), said that although the move would bring around Rs.450 crore worth of new drugs under price control, “there is a possibility of a shortage in the market as had happened in the past. This is because the products will have to be withdrawn from the market, packed and dispatched to manufacturers and they would have to re-label with new prices and send them back to stockists.”
Logistics problem
He said the logistics problem could take six weeks to sort out.
“A far more desirable way would be to announce a batch number after which new prices could have come into effect,” Mr. Shinde said adding that the revision would impact wholesale margins by 2.4 per cent and [that of] retailers’ by 6.2 per cent.
The Drug Price Control Order 2013 capped the retail price of 348 drugs and in July 2014, added a further 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs.
The changes announced last week cover mainly anti-infectives.
“This has been the second salvo by NPPA post the new DPCO 2013,” said Rahul Sharma, pharma analyst, Karvy Stock Broking.
“The NPPA may target segments where the therapeutic segments are important from size and usage. Ceiling prices may be imposed on products in cancer, HIV, anti-malaria, anti-TB, cardiovascular, anti-diabetics, anti-asthmatic and immunological.”
The new revision has increased the uncertainty, said S. V. Veeramani, President, Indian Drug Manufacturers’ Association (IDMA). “When several cardiac and diabetes drugs also came under price control earlier, the total loss to industry was of the order of Rs.2,000 crore,” he said, adding that frequent changes made it difficult for companies to plan for future.
Industry bodies plan to meet the NPPA chairman at the end of the month to try and resolve the issues.

Lip-smacking Navratri food! Nine snacks for nine days of festivitieslifestyle
Lip-smacking Navratri food! Nine snacks for nine days of festivities
Check out our Navratri special Snacks thaali! Some of these snacks can be relished on your fasting days too!
Aloo Chaat (Source: vegrecipesofindia.com)
Chawal ke pakode (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Kela Aloo tikki (Source: indiankhana.net)
Kuttu Pakode (Source: nishamadhulika.com)
Masala Baby Potatoes (Source: Ashima Goyal Siraj)
Papdi chaat (Source: indiankhana.net)

Mumbai University Ranked 9th in Producing BillionairesYou are here: Home Careers
Mumbai University Ranked 9th in Producing Billionaires
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 12:56 (IST)
Indian Employees to See 11% Salary Hike in 2015: Report
A recent study on world's billionaires noted that University of Mumbai is the alma mater of 12 billionaires. Mumbai University has been ranked at the ninth spot in the list of top billionaire-producing institutes in the world, according to a study by Singapore-based wealth research consultancy Wealth-X and Swiss bank UBS.
This makes Mumbai University only the second institute from outside the US to find a place among the top 10 in terms of billionaire alma maters. London School of Economics (UK), ranked 10th, is the other institute outside the US to find a spot in this list. University of Pennsylvania, Harvard University and Yale University occupy the first three positions in this list, being alma maters of 25, 22 and 20 billionaires respectively. (See list below)
India's richest person Mukesh Ambani is an alumni of University of Mumbai. The chairman of Reliance Industries earned his chemical engineering degree from Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai (earlier University Department of Chemical Technology, University of Mumbai). He later pursued MBA from Stanford University, USA.
The report noted that pursuing higher education is not a prerequisite for attaining billionaire status: 35 per cent of the world's billionaires do not have a bachelor's degree and some even dropped out of high school.
Overall, India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires, with 100 such people collectively having $175 billion in networth. The report noted that the global billionaire population rose to 2,325 this year, a 7 per cent rise from 2013.
(Source: Wealth-X and UBS)

U.S. acts to stop tax  inversionsTreasury acts to stop overseas tax 'inversions'
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney September 22, 2014: 10:08 PM ET
 
Obama on tax inversion: 'It's not fair'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday announced what it called its "first, targeted steps" to make it harder for U.S. companies to reduce their tax bills by merging with foreign firms and moving abroad.
The process, known as inversion, has been all the rage in the corporate world this year.
The Obama administration, while urging Congress to act, had been threatening for months to crack down on inversions.
What Treasury did on Monday was issue tax guidance that will govern any inversion completed from today forward. It also imposed at least one new restriction that will affect companies that have recently inverted.
"These first, targeted steps make substantial progress in constraining the creative techniques used to avoid U.S. taxes," Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said.
The changes Treasury announced will make it harder for a U.S. company seeking inversion to escape paying U.S. tax on foreign earnings they have already made. For instance:
No more playing 'hopscotch': Companies only have to pay U.S. tax on their foreign earnings when they bring them back to the United States.
But inverted companies can get around this rule by having a foreign subsidiary it controls make a "hopscotch" loan to the new foreign parent instead of to the U.S. company.
Treasury will now consider such loans as "U.S. property" in many instances and treat the money as a taxable dividend.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
In addition, the new rules will make it harder to check all the boxes necessary to complete a successful inversion in the first place. Two examples:
No more slimming down the U.S. company: In order to successfully invert, the U.S. partner must own less than 80% of the merged company. Treasury's new rules will make it a little harder to stay under that threshold.
Here's how: Sometimes U.S. companies will pay out large dividends just before inverting. That essentially shrinks their size.
Under the new rules, however, such pre-deal dividend payouts won't be counted for the purposes of the ownership requirement.
And no more fattening up the foreign partner: Likewise, the foreign partner's size may be increased by the inclusion of its "passive assets" -- money that isn't used for business operations, such as securities the firm owns.
From today on, though, Treasury will disregard those passive assets when tallying the size of the foreign partner (in cases when the passive assets make up at least half of the company's total assets).
One exemption: This revised rule will not apply to banks and financial service companies.
Is there more to come from Treasury? Overall, Monday's rule changes are aimed at stopping companies from using inversions to reduce taxes on foreign earnings they have already made.
But inverted companies can also cut their tax bills on future earnings through "earnings stripping," noted Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center.
Earnings stripping can work like this: The foreign parent makes a large loan to the U.S. subsidiary. The interest on that loan is deductible, and those deductions can largely offset -- and even wipe out -- the taxes the company owes Uncle Sam.
Treasury officials have indicated they may target that technique in later rule changes.
Congress not expected to act: The push to curb inversions has been driven primarily by Democrats ahead of the midterm elections. President Obama and others have suggested that a U.S. company that moves its domicile abroad primarily for tax purposes is "unpatriotic."
Some high-ranking Democrats, such as Senators Charles Schumer and Carl Levin, have introduced legislation to curb inversions.
But few analysts think Congress will enact those measures this year.
And no one expects Congress to embark on comprehensive business tax reform before next year at the earliest.

Jet Takes on AirAsia India With New OfferYou are here: Home Industries
Jet Airways Takes on AirAsia India With New Offer
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:07 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Jet Airways has launched a promotional offer on the routes operated by budget carrier AirAsia India. Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) as part of this promotional scheme, which is applicable on economy class tickets.
This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
As part of the offer, Jet Airways is offering Kochi-Bangalore tickets at Rs 908 and Bangalore-Kochi at Rs 1,162. Bangalore-Chennai tickets under this Jet Airways offer are priced at Rs 1,162 while Chennai-to-Bangalore to Rs 1,017. On the Bangalore-Goa route, tickets are priced at Rs 1,162 while on Goa-Bangalore at Rs 916.
In the Bangalore-Chandigarh and Bangalore-Jaipur routes tickets are priced at around Rs 2,390.
Budget carrier AirAsia India had recently launched a promotional scheme, offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. This offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015.
AirAsia India from September 5 added Jaipur and Chandigarh to its network as part of its first foray into north India. ( Check out AirAsia's offer )
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 10:07 (IST)

DiCaprio: Climate change is realLeonardo DiCaprio addresses world leaders at the UN: Climate change is real
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta September 23, 2014: 11:35 AM ET
 
DiCaprio challenges UN on climate change
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio brought attention to climate change Tuesday by addressing world leaders meeting at the UN Climate Summit in New York.
"I play fictitious characters often solving fictitious problems. I believe that mankind has looked at climate change in that same way," DiCaprio told the UN Climate Summit . "As if pretending that climate change wasn't real would somehow make it go away, but I think we all know better than that now."
DiCaprio's remarks come days after the actor stood with thousands in New York City's People's Climate March on Sunday. The march brought in an estimated 400,000 people seeking to put an end to global warming.
"Every week we're seeing new and undeniable climate events, evidence that accelerated climate change is here right now," DiCaprio added in his speech. "None of this is rhetoric, and none of it is hysteria. It is fact."
Related: Scenes from #FloodWallStreet: 'Corporate captalism = Climate chaos'
DiCaprio documented the summit by joining Instagram Tuesday morning and snapping photos of the general assembly and with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
The "Wolf of Wall Street" actor spoke at the summit after being designated as a UN Messenger of Peace with a special focus on climate change by the Secretary-General.
DiCaprio finished his speech by calling on the assembly to act on climate change, and to do so now.
"Honored delegates, leaders of the world, I pretend for a living but you do not," DiCaprio said. "The people made their voices heard on Sunday around the world and the momentum will not stop, but now it's your turn. The time to answer humankind's greatest challenge is now."
Similarly, actress Emma Watson addressed the UN on Saturday in order to bring attention to the issue of gender equality .
First Published: September 23, 2014: 11:35 AM ET
Most Popular

NPPA withdraws price control orderThe National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority] has withdrawn its order to fix prices of drugs
TOPICS
pharmaceutical
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn its order to fix prices of drugs, which are not under the list of essential medicines, a move that has been welcomed by the pharmaceutical industry.
The NPPA had late on Monday issued a statement, saying it has withdrawn guidelines for price control issued under Para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO), 2013.
The Paragraph 19 of the DPCO, 2013, authorises the NPPA to control the prices drugs that are not under the NLEM (National List of Essential Medicines) under extraordinary circumstances in public interest. The NPPA had invoked Para 19 of the DPCO to cap prices of 108 medicines, including cardiac, diabetes and HIV/AIDS drugs, last month.
“In compliance with the directions received from the government in the Department of Pharmaceuticals...the aforesaid internal guidelines issued by the NPPA on May 29, 2014 under Paragraph 19 of DPCO 2013 are, hereby, withdrawn with immediate effect,” the NPPA said in a statement.
The order will be effective prospectively.
An NPPA official explained that the order meant that the powers the authority drew from the DPCO for fixing caps for non-essential drugs is no longer available.
“The plain reading of the order is that a guideline under DPCO 2013 has been withdrawn with immediate effect, that is, from September 22,” he said.
Several industry bodies, including the Indian Pharma Alliance (IPA), had criticised the NPPA’s move to cap the prices of medicines not under NLEM. Under the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) 2013, the government already controls the prices of 348 drugs listed in the NLEM.

Carmax and Medtronic Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Skunk rescued from beer can inspires public safety campaign to protect furry creaturesBy Elahe Izadi September 23 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Do you see this? Do you see how this is probably the worst thing that can happen involving a skunk and a beer can?
This poor guy got stuck in a beer can near a fraternity house at Miami University in Ohio (Matt Hatfield/Oxford Police Department via AP)
Well, it happened, all right. Earlier this month, an animal control officer in Oxford, Ohio, managed to rescue this stinky little guy, which got its head stuck in a beer can near a frat house at Miami University, the Associated Press reported . (Sidenote: That officer deserves a raise; he freed the critter without getting sprayed!)
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) offered Monday to send the university a batch of posters warning against the dangers beer cans can pose to skunks, raccoons, squirrels and other animals. “Aluminum cans, plastic cups, and open jars can become death traps for hungry or inquisitive animals if they aren’t disposed of properly,” PETA Senior Director Colleen O’Brien said in a statement.
Miami University President David Hodge thanked the group Tuesday, the Associated Press reported , writing, “We share your desire to have no more stuck skunks!”
Hodge wrote that the student group Advocates for Animals will work on the public poster campaign.
So, here’s that poster. If this doesn’t get the message across, we don’t know what will:
(Courtesy of PETA)

Mumbai-based model grilled in chit fund scamPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubneshwar | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:37 am
A day after arresting former advocate general Ashok Mohanty in connection with the chit fund scam in Orissa, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Tuesday interrogated Mumbai-based model and television serial co-producer Preeti Bhatia for her alleged links with Artha Tatwa group and its chief Pradeep Sethy.
Bhatia, who was accompanied by her friend, was questioned for over three hours at the CBI office.
Last month, the CBI had raided Bhatia’s home as well as the house of stock broker Deepak Chandratan Pareek in Mumbai. Bhatia, Sethy and one Indu Dewan were directors of Mumbai-based company Prism Heights Films & Entertainment Private Limited.
The CBI, during its interrogation of stock broker Pareek, is reported to have learnt that the directors of Artha Tatwa group spent Rs 80 lakh at a party, which was also attended by filmstars. Pareek, who was arrested on Sunday, allegedly helped Sethy’s company Artha Tatwa Capital Limited register at the Mumbai Stock Exchange.
Meanwhile, the petitioner in the Orissa chit fund case, Alok Jena on Tuesday met CBI director Ranjit Sinha in New Delhi. He demanded that the CBI interrogate expelled BJD leader Prafulla Ghadai over his revelations that several BJD ministers, MPs and MLAs are evading CBI summons to appear. Jena said 14 BJD ministers, MLAs and MPs have been served summons, but only two — Pravat Tripathy and Pranab Balbantray — appeared before the CBI.
In a related development, the Orissa State Bar Council on Tuesday decided to move the court against the arrest of former advocate general Mohanty. “The CBI has not followed proper procedure…there was no ground for taking him on a two-day remand. He was cooperating with the CBI…there was no record and evidence that he was trying to flee the state,” said Manas Ranjan Mohapatra, president of the State Bar Council.

Oracle Financial Falls 12% on Ex-dividend DayShares in Oracle Financial Services Software fell 11.8 per cent on Bombay Stock Exchange as the stock has gone ex-dividend on Wednesday.
The Company had declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 a share on September 12.
As of 10.03 a.m. shares in Oracle Financial Services Software traded 11.36 per cent lower at Rs 3,509 as against 0.05 per cent gain in Nifty
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Renault launches Duster AWD for Rs 11.83 lakhRenault launches Duster AWD compact SUV for Rs 11.89 lakh
By Pranbihanga Borpuzari, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 24 Sep, 2014, 01.19PM IST
The AWD will enable the SUV to intuitively access the road and constantly engage all wheels. It will come in shift-by-fly options of 2WD, Auto and 4WD.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Renault India on Wednesday launched the Duster All Wheel Drive (AWD) compact SUV between Rs 11.89 lakh to Rs 12.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The AWD will enable the SUV to intuitively access the road and constantly engage all wheels. It will come in shift-by-fly options of 2WD, Auto and 4WD. The car is mated to a six speed transmission.
The car is powered by the 1.5 dCi THP diesel engine with 110 PS@4000 RPM of maximum power and torque of 245NM@1750 RPM. It gets cosmetic changes to its exteriors and a new dash and seats for its interiors. It also gets a new infotainment system.
Duster has been pivotal for the fortunes of the company as it has sold over 100,000 units in the past 25 months in India.
The Duster AWD is expected to contribute greatly to the company's hopes of garnering five per cent plus market share in the country. Renault is alsp looking to launch two new cars next year even as it ramps up dealership to 175 across India by end of the year.
"As a company we are looking forward to good days. The micro and macro indicators are good and point to economic revival," said Renault India, Country CEO and MD, Sumit Sawhney .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jolla looking for Indian partners to develop Sailfish smartphonesSep 24, 2014 at 12:40pm IST
Jolla looking for Indian partners to develop Sailfish smartphones
23
3
New Delhi: Finnish firm Jolla, founded by former Nokia employees, is looking for Indian partners to develop smartphones powered by its Sailfish operating system.
The company, which has launched its maiden handset in the Indian market with eCommerce major Snapdeal for Rs 16,499, said its OS offers users a differentiated user experience compared to Android and other operating systems. The handset has been launched globally in Europe and Hong Kong.
"We are looking for local players for using Sailfish OS. Android is dominant in the market but we feel users should have a choice. We would want to expand the market for Sailfish OS," Jolla co-founder and Chief Operating Officer Marc Dillon told PTI.
Priced at Rs 16,499, the first handset from Jolla features a 4.5-inch IPS display, 1.4GHz dual-core Qualcomm processor, and an 8MP rear camera.
Google's Android OS is the most popular OS globally, including India. Handset makers like Samsung, LG and Sony as well as domestic firms like Micromax and Intex offer slew of handsets across price points starting as low as Rs 1,999.
Other popular OS' include Apple's iOS, Microsoft Windows as well as BlackBerry.
The Jolla handset features 4.5-inch IPS display, 1.4GHz dual core Qualcomm processor, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front camera, 1 GB RAM and 16 GB storage.
Globally, the smartphone is available to European users from the company's online store for 349 euros (about Rs 27,500).
The smartphone, which draws inspiration from Nokia's MeeGo software, has a distinct button-less design, gesture- based user experience and is compatible with Android applications.
Handset makers are focussing on India, which is one of the world's fastest growing smartphone market. According to research firm IDC, smartphone shipment to India grew 3-fold to over 44 million units last year.
While companies like Oppo, Gionee and Xiaomi have entered the market recently, other firms like OnePlus are also expected to foray into India soon.
"India is the biggest growing market in the world. Also, Online shopping is taking off in a big way. India is therefore a crucial market for us," Dillion said.
Asked about the marketing, Snapdeal Senior Vice President (Electronics and Home) Tony Navin said the eCommerce firm will promote the device on the digital platform.
"This is one smartphone that a lot of people in India have been waiting for. With its independent and distinctive Sailfish OS, gesture-based user experience and Android application compatibility, Jolla offers a great alternative for smartphone users looking for something new and different," he added.
12

$749 iPhone 6 Plus costs Apple $215.60 to ma...Big new iPhone brings Apple more profit
By AP | 24 Sep, 2014, 06.25AM IST
Apple's largest iPhone is selling for $100 more than its other new model, but an outside research firm estimated Tuesday that it costs Apple only $15.50 more to make the more expensive version.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's largest iPhone is selling for $100 more than its other new model, but an outside research firm estimated Tuesday that it costs Apple only $15.50 more to make the more expensive version.
Apple said it sold more than 10 million of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in their first three days on sale. Both have larger screens than earlier iPhone models, and analysts say consumers like the new, bigger sizes. The Plus has a 5.5-inch screen, as measured diagonally, while the regular iPhone 6 is at 4.7 inches.
The new iPhones went on sale Friday and address a key advantage rival Android phones have long had: size. The iPhone has been Apple's main source of profits and is expected to remain so for at least the next year.
Apple will make more profit on the Plus version, according to a report from research firm IHS Technology . The full, no-contract price for the 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 is $650. IHS estimates it costs Apple $200.10 for materials and manufacturing. The iPhone 6 Plus retails for $750 without a contract, but IHS says it costs Apple $215.60.
With a two-year service contract with a wireless carrier, a 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 costs consumers $200. An iPhone 6 Plus costs $300 with a contract.
The Plus model also has a bigger battery and a slightly more expensive camera than the regular iPhone 6, according to IHS.
Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the report. The Cupertino, California, company usually doesn't disclose details of its manufacturing costs.

India places Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft  Mangalyaan  in orbit  makes historyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

7 celebs who should go toMarsPrint
Express LOL | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:19 pm
ISRO, the pride of India, has done it again. After creating the most low-cost Mars mission in history, they have now put Mangalyaan into orbit. Everyone’s looking forward to the first manned Mars mission.
And we think we know who should go to Mars, in the first manned trip. Here are some ideas:

Reserve Bank may hold rates until Q2 of 2015  then ease  sayspollFrom there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016. (PTI)
Reuters | Bangalore | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:12 pm
The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on Sept. 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks’ minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors’ balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero percent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016.
“From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus,” said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. “That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter.”
At an RBI meeting in early August, Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was “appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance”.
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 percent in August from 7.96 percent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 percent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India’s economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 percent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Stock markets have rallied since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May on hopes his government will rapidly usher in reforms and attract foreign investment.
But New Delhi’s continued…

IDBI Bank stock falls on SC coal verdictIDBI Bank stock falls on exposure to firms hit by SC coal verdict
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 16:07 IST
Stock of IDBI Bank fell on Wednesday after the Supreme Court cancelled 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The bank has an exposure of Rs 2,000 crore to companies affected by the court verdict on coal blocks, Reuters reported IDBI chairman and MD MS Raghavan saying.
The bank is assessing impact of verdict scrapping coal blocks, but think not all the loans problematic, said Raghavan.
The stock closed 5.53 per cent lower at Rs 67.50 on the BSE.

Doctors perform birth surgeries under candlelight inKashmirPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:32 pm
When the floods wreaked havoc in Kashmir and plunged most parts of the Valley into darkness, few doctors at a lone maternity care hospital here, lent a ray of light to people’s lives by performing birth surgeries under candlelight.
Doctors at the Lal Ded Hospital, whose ground floor was submerged by flood waters from Jhelum, performed six deliveries under the candlelight as the electricity supply to the hospital was snapped on September 6, and the generator stopped working the very next day.
“Since electricity was snapped on Saturday evening and genset stopped working as water entered into it on Sunday morning, we had to perform deliveries under candlelight later that day,” Medical Superintendent, Lal Ded Hospital, Mushtaq Ahmad Rather said.
He said a team of doctors led by Head of Department (HoD), Gynaecology, Shehnaz Taing performed four normal deliveries and two Lower Segment Caesarean Section (LSCS) on six women under the candlelight on Sunday evening.
“The procedures involved high risk, but thankfully, by the grace of god, all the six babies and their mothers were fine when they were shifted from here,” Rather said.
The medical superintendent said the procedures were not an easy task as the oxygen supply and sterilisation set-up had been affected by the floods.
“We had kept the portable oxygen cylinders on standby to meet any emergency,” he said.
Rather said despite the floods affecting the normal functioning of the hospital, it witnessed no deaths.
“There were no deaths in the hospital after the flood waters entered here till the patients were shifted to safety,” he said.
The doctor said even as they were cut-off from the rest of the world, they did not let the patients or their attendants suffer.
“Most of my staff had no information about their families. We did not know what had happened to them and no one from outside reached us. But we did not let the patients or their attendants suffer and managed from whatsoever limited resources, including drugs, we had here,” he said.
He credited his staff, family members of the patients and local volunteers for displaying “exemplary courage” in dealing with the situation.
“We had nowhere to go. No one came to our rescue. A few local youth came to us asking if we needed any help. I told them we needed some food items like biscuits and water and most importantly we need candles,” he said.
The superintendent said the hospital staff, along with attendants of patients, cooked ‘khichidi’ that was served to all.
More than 3,500 babies were born in government hospitals in Kashmir at the peak of devastating floods that has affected most of the tertiary care hospitals in the Valley.

Indonesian province considers caning for gaysexAn Islamic Shariah law official whips a man convicted of gambling with a rattan cane watched by people inside a mosque compound in Banda Aceh, Aceh Province, Indonesia, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Banda Aceh | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:27 pm
Men and women caught having homosexual sex could be publicly caned in Indonesia’s conservative Aceh province if an Islam-inspired draft law is approved this week.
Lawmaker Moharriadi Syafari said a majority of provincial lawmakers supported criminalizing gay sex. They are debating the law with a view to pass it and several others regulating personal behavior before Friday, the last day of the current assembly.
Gay rights activist King Oey said Wednesday he would urge the central government to try and use its influence to get the bill scrapped or appeal to the country’s constitutional court.
“There is no room to talk about this democratically in Aceh because once someone expresses an objection he or she will immediately be branded ‘anti-Islam’,” he said. “The only way to stop it is by the national level, particularly at the level of the minister of home affairs.”
If the law is passed by the 63-member assembly, the Aceh governor will have to sign it before it can be implemented.
Indonesia’s secular central government granted Aceh the right to implement a version of Islamic Shariah law in 2006 as part of a peace deal to end a separatist war. A religious police and court system has been established.
The central government doesn’t have the power to strike down a provincial law, but it can ask Aceh to reconsider laws.
The region already canes people found guilty of adultery, gambling and consuming alcohol. Among other stipulations, females wearing tight clothes can be fined, as can people who skip Friday prayers.
Aceh is considered more devout than elsewhere in Muslim-majority Indonesia, but the level of support for the implementation of the laws is unclear.
The articles on gay sex are included in a revised package of Islamic laws being considered by the government. An earlier section that called for people to be stoned to death for adultery has been dropped from the latest version. Syafari said this was because of complaints from the central government.
The draft says anal sex between men would be punished by up to 100 lashes of the cane, and that females found guilty of “rubbing” their vaginas or other body parts together for sexual pleasure would also be liable for caning.
It doesn’t mention other sex acts, raising questions over whether the region’s clerics considered the acts acceptable or even how much thought had gone into the drafting of the laws. Syafari acknowledged that this was a potential weakness, but there was still time for the draft to be modified.
Indonesia’s criminal code doesn’t regulate homosexuality. There is considerable tolerance in some sections of society toward continued…

Chinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6Chinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple fans in mainland China are being made to wait for the iPhone 6 and smugglers are cashing in, marking up Hong Kong prices by as much as $1,000.
Two days after the iPhone 6 went on sale in Hong Kong, customs officers patrolling a backwater pier came across several men loading boxes into a speedboat.
When the officers approached, the men jumped into the boat and sped off, leaving behind 15 boxes packed with new iPhones.
The smuggling operation is just a small link in a much larger network built to satisfy massive demand for the phones in mainland China, where authorities have yet to approve the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) has not said when the new smartphones will go on sale in its second biggest market. State media reported last week that the iPhone 6 has not yet received a key license.
Smugglers have stepped in to fill the gap, charging top dollar for phones that are bought legitimately in Apple stores as far away as New York.
And they could be making a killing, as Apple devotees pay through the nose.
Related: Apple sells 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Pluses
On Wednesday, CNN found a few sellers outside an Apple store in Beijing.
One offered the new 16GB iPhone 6 for 11,000 yuan ($1800). And where did the phone come from? It was shipped from Hong Kong, he said. At that price, the smugglers would be making over $1,000 per phone.
Hong Kong, which has three Apple stores, is a key hub in the network -- designed in part to avoid China's import taxes. Customers leaving Apple stores in the city are sometimes offered two times the retail price by phone flippers hoping to make a quick buck.
Smuggling activity appears to be brisk. On Monday, customs officers found 20 new iPhones concealed in the axles of a container truck bound for the mainland.
According to local media, authorities across the border in Shenzhen seized more than 600 iPhones over a three day period. Nearly 40 mules have been caught at the city's ports.
Related: Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The China market is crucial for Apple, and the company's largest outside the United States. But the iPhone maker has stumbled there in recent years, losing ground in the smartphone race to rivals, including Xiaomi, that offer cheaper phones.
In a bid to expand its footprint, Apple signed a deal last year with China Mobile to offer the iPhone. China Mobile is the world's largest carrier by subscribers, with around 700 million users -- or more than twice the population of the U.S.
-- Vivian Kam and Dayu Zhang contributed reporting
First Published: September 24, 2014: 6:11 AM ET
Most Popular

Sensex falls over 100 points post coal verdict; JSPL dives 10 per centSep 24, 2014 at  05:32pm IST
Sensex closes flat; capital goods down
1
0
Mumbai: A day after a 430-point fall, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed Wednesday's trade flat -- down 31 points or 0.12 percent -- as capital goods, bank and consumer durables stocks slumped.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
Hit by the apex court's judgment, stocks of mining, metal and power majors such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Bhushan Steel, Hindalco Industries and Monnet Ispat and Energy fell.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
#sensex #stocks #market #economy
However, healthy buying was observed in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), healthcare and oil and gas sectors.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,817.94 points, closed trade at 26,744.69 points (provisional), down 31 points or 0.12 percent from the previous day's close at 26,775.69 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 26,844.70 points and a low of 26,560 points in the intra-trade.
The S&P capital goods index lost 248.21 points, bank index was lower by 197.39 points, consumer durables dipped 123.74 points, automobile index slumped by 91.23 points and realty index slipped by 28.27 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed flat -- but up 15.15 points or 0.19 percent at 8,002.40 points.
Company-wise, stocks of Jindal Steel and Power were down 9.99 percent at Rs.189.70; Bhusan Steel was down 4.96 percent at Rs.107.30; Tata Steel was down 2.63 percent at Rs.473.30; Hindalco Inds was down 0.48 percent at Rs.156.30; Monnet Ispat was down 8.16 percent at Rs.87.25; and Steel Authority of India was down 2.89 percent at Rs.68.95.
However, state-run Coal India's scrip gained 5.20 percent at Rs.351.5.
Stocks of power companies such as Adani Power were down 2.10 percent at Rs.46.70; GVK Power and Infrastructure was down 6.60 percent at Rs.10.19; JP Power was down 5.86 percent at Rs.13.65; and Moser Baer was down 4.10 percent at Rs.7.48.
The Supreme Court has cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011, except four vested with the NTPC and other public sector undertakings.
As a consequence of this order, 214 coal blocks stand cancelled.
14

Buy AB Nuvo  Divis Labs; sell IRB Infra: Sukhani02:30 pm
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Aditya Birla Nuvo is still a gainer today and is pushing against a very strong resistance. So, it is on the verge of a breakout on the upper side and that is interesting."
"Almost the same pattern is visible in Divis Laboratories . It is in a trading range at the top of its chart. It is also pushing its green today and also pushing against the resistance levels and willing to go to new highs," he said.
"Both the stocks are buying opportunities; not just for today and tomorrow but also you would like to carry them for a few days beyond this settlement. So, if you are in futures then take the October series trade if you want to take futures trade."
"We have a short sell on IRB Infrastructure Developers . It had rallied a lot, after that rally, it is showing signs of exhaustion and correction is probably imminent or on going. So, IRB Infra is a short sell."
RELATED NEWS

Buy Mold Tek Tech; target of Rs 192: Nirmal BangLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Mold Tek Tech; target of Rs 192: Nirmal Bang
Nirmal Bang is bullish on Mold Tek Technologies and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 192 per share in its September 23, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Nirmal Bang`s research report on Mold Tek Technologies
"Mold-Tek Technologies Ltd. is the IT and engineering wing of Mold-Tek Group, growing at a strong pace over the last several years. Mold-Tek Technologies derives a significant portion of the core earnings from the US markets. With improving data points from the key markets coupled with the company’s focus on upcoming business segments – Cloud Computing and BIM(Building Information Modeling), we expect the company to continue reporting good set of numbers going forward as well. The company’s dividend pay-out ratio has averaged at ~45 per cent over the last three years. We expect this trend to continue going forward as well on the back of improvement in earnings. The company’s Balance Sheet has hardly any meaningful debt while a lot of inherent asset has come in at book value."
"The company posted net sales of Rs.40.2 crore during FY’14, an increase of 14.4 per cent y-o-y. EBITDA registered a 13.5 per cent increased to Rs.6.9 crore. PAT for the year stood at Rs.2.1 crore compared to Rs.1.2 crore in FY’13. EPS for the year stood at Rs.4.4. During Q1FY’15, the company posted net sales of Rs.11.6 crore, an increase of 34.7 per cent y-o-y. On the back of EBITDA at Rs.2.8 crore (an increase of 45.6 per cent y-o-y), PAT for the quarter stood at Rs.1.4 crore, an increase of 89.3 per cent y-o-y. EPS for the quarter stood at Rs.3.02 compared to Rs.1.6 during Q1FY’14. The company has delivered consistent growth in the past backed by qualified management personnel. The growth levers are in place and traction is being witnessed across key verticals with recovery in the US markets. With new segments like BIM, expected to be the key growth driver going forward, we expect the share price to be Rs.192 over the next 12 months. We shall be coming up with a detailed report post Q2FY’15 earnings,” says Nirmal Bang research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Coal scam: SC cancels all coal block allocations except four87
1
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled 214 coal block allocations between 1993 and 2008 except for four, which are government-run non-joint ventures. The coal blocks exempted include Sasan, UMPP, NTPC and SAIL.
The court said that the allocations are arbitrary and that there were no basis for the allocations. The Centre is free to auction all cancelled blocks after March 2015.
However, in some relief for the holders of 46 operational blocks, the court has asked them to file a reply in six months. The Centre had asked the court to consider not cancelling these 46 coal blocks even as it was in favour of cancellation of the other allocations.
#coal scam #coalgate #coal block allocations #supreme court
The court has said that the companies will have to pay the loss as compensation for the non-operation of the mines. It has also accepted CAG's estimate that there was loss of Rs 295 per mega tonne due to the non-operation of the mines.
The observations and findings of this court on the issue will have no bearing on the CBI probe into the coal scam, the court said.
The apex court had earlier ruled the 218 coal blocks that were allocated between 1993 and 2010 by the screening committee were illegal as they were not fair and transparent and were arbitrary.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha had also held that "no State Government or public sector undertakings of the state governments are eligible for mining coal for commercial use".
The court had suggested to set up a committee headed by a retired apex court judge to examine what should be done for the re-allocation of these coal blocks. The apex court had also said that no objective criteria was followed by the screening committee in the allocation of the coal blocks.
214

Unique  3D  Durga Puja in Kolkata pandalSep 24, 2014 at 02:12pm IST
Unique '3D' Durga Puja in Kolkata pandal
37
0
Kolkata: Art and technology have mingled in this year's Durga Puja festival to present a unique 3D digital image of Goddess Durga at a pandal in the city.
The "unique" image measuring 6x14 feet will be hosted in the Jodhpur Park puja pandal which is known for its innovation.
Explaining the concept, Ujjal Mitra, owner of the company assigned to execute the job, said that the idol was the result of computer-aided designs using graphic technology.
Art and technology have mingled in this year's Durga Puja to present a unique 3D digital image of Goddess Durga at a pandal in Kolkata.
#durga puja festival #kolkata pandal #3d pandal #graphic technology
For fabricating the image thousands of tonnes of A4 standard papers were used to transform the shape.
"To see the image, people do not need to wear special customised glasses as in the case of 3D movies in cinema halls, Mitra said.
One advantage of this technology is that the designs can be mailed with attachments which then can be recreated anywhere in the globe, he said.
"With clay idols becoming outdated for pollution issues in the west, the Bengali diaspora can save the trans-shipment cost and don't have to preserve fiberglass idols for future uses," Mitra said.
Sculptor Kousav Chowdhury, busy with executing the paper pulp images on a frame in the pandal built with red-brick tiles resembling a terracotta temple of rural Bengal, said, the idol would have the imprints of Italian and Greek mythology.
It is like the Venus sculptures dotting the gardens of the rich in the 19th and early 20th century Kolkata, he explains.
"There is aesthetics, there is devotion, there is fantasy all roled into one in our idol. But we haven't deviated much from the traditional durga faces," the young sculptor said.
19

Mega industrial exhibition to be held in Vadodara in NovemberSep 24, 2014 at 02:02pm IST
Mega industrial exhibition to be held in Vadodara in November
7
0
Vadodara: Aiming at offering an opportunity to small and medium-scale manufacturers, industrial body Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industries will hold the 9th edition of the exhibition of industrial and allied products from November 27.
"The premier exhibition of industrial products and the service will be held at Vavlakhi compound in the city from November 27 to December 1," president of VCCI, Nilesh Shukla said.
Shukla said that the initiative will provide an opportunity to small and medium-scale manufacturers.
Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industries will hold the 9th edition of the exhibition of industrial and allied products from November 27.
#mega industrial exhibition #vadodara #industrial products
"First, the exhibition event will offer an opportunity to small and medium-scale manufacturers to demonstrate their capabilities in fields of design, engineering, equipments and supplies and support services to large projects," Shukla said.
"It will also offer a platform to foreign participants to exhibit their industrial products or services and explore the possibilities of export-import and business tie-ups," he added.
More than 500 exhibitors from all over the country will participate in the exhibition, he said.
Around five lakh visitors including, international participants and delegations are also expected to visit the exhibition, he added.
2

Additional push will help India reach the Millennium Development Goal 4Updated: September 19, 2014 16:42 IST
‘Additional push will help India reach the Millennium Development Goal 4’
Dr. Flavia Bustreo, Assistant Director General at WHO
TOPICS
health
Both child and maternal mortality have reduced by 50 per cent since 1990, and compared with previous decades, the average rate of reduction in child mortality during this decade has more than doubled. Dr. Flavia Bustreo, Assistant Director General at WHO explained to R. Prasad the reasons why the Millennium Development Goal ignored newborn mortality reduction while concentrating on maternal and child mortality.
Unlike reducing maternal and child mortality, why was reducing newborn mortality ignored?
When we started in 1990, there were 30 million children under five years of age who died every year. At that time the proportion of newborn deaths was less than 30 per cent. As we were successful in reducing the child deaths by half, the proportion of newborn deaths kept increasing. We were successful in things that were simpler like treatment of diarrhoea and treatment of pneumonia.
We didn’t recognise the importance of mother and child at the critical time during and after birth. This was partly because providing care at birth was difficult because these births are happening at many places at home. So you don’t have people with skills to assist. The awakening now has come partly because of the large number of newborn deaths and also the importance of recognising that deliveries should happen at places where skilled workers are present.
Why was newborn mortality missed out despite it being 30 per cent of all deaths?
It was not missed. It was an area where we had less ability to do action fast because as I said the births were happening at many places. Now the situation has changed. So there is more opportunity to reduce newborn deaths. It is also clearly linked to the status of the women. In many countries, assisting a woman at the time of birth is not considered as something that is right for a woman to do. It is demeaning... That has taken so much of our time.
What is the role and importance of midwives in providing care to pregnant women?
Midwifery cadre is absolutely important both for the mother during pregnancy and at the time of delivery. Midwives have the right skills and have the right closeness with the mothers to provide care in a more sensitive manner in many countries. So midwives are critical. When we released the midwifery report in June [2014], we called for increasing the number of midwives across the world. This is a cadre that is very important. But this is the cadre we don’t have in many countries.
Within what time frame can newborn death reduction be achieved?
There is a strategic plan till 2020, 2025 and 2030. The hope is if countries adhere to the plan, we will arrive at a world in 2030 where there are less than 12 deaths per 1,000 live births. That’s the horizon we are projecting in 15 years.
But 15 years is a long time…
It will take time to build the cadre, to build infrastructure, the skills and the provision of care.
How is India’s response?
India has been absolutely unbelievable. I had worked with the Indian government in 2005. At that time there was really no focus on women and children. Progressively, India took initiatives through the National Rural Health Mission and other schemes to bring women to health facilities. There is also fantastic immunisation coverage. India is on the brink … additional push will help India to reach the Millennium Development Goal 4.
Do you really think so?
I am hopeful that if the new government takes it up and addresses this with force, then it can be done. And if India makes it, it changes the situation for the world. It would be a huge change.
What about India meeting the MDG 5 goal of reducing maternal mortality?
Meeting MDG 5 goal would be more difficult, more challenging.
Why?
I think because that the care for the women at the time of delivery requires longer time to establish. One, women should have access to facilities, then the quality of care at the facility to provide care to women when they have complications like post-partum haemorrhage or when women have serious infections like sepsis. All of these are elements of strength of the health system. And the health system takes a bit longer to establish and strengthen. There has been great progress but not sufficient to reach MDG5 goal.

Rupee closes 1 paisa down at 60.82 against dollarUpdated: September 22, 2014 18:18 IST
Rupee closes 1 paisa down at 60.82 against dollar
PTI
The Hindu Fresh demand from importers for the American unit put pressure on the rupee. File photo: S.R. Raghunathan
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
In lacklustre trade, the Indian rupee on Monday closed one paisa down at 60.82 against the US dollar on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.85 a dollar from previous close of 60.81. It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor fall of one paisa.
In previous four days, it had risen by 32 paise.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday washed out initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high. FIIs bought shares worth $18.48 million last Friday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was down 0.04 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: “Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30.”

Prefer ICICI Bank Among Private Sector Lenders: Zest CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer ICICI Bank Among Private Sector Lenders: Zest Capital
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 04 sec

Government Withdraws Regulator s Power to Cap Non-Essential Drug PricesManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi/Mumbai: The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) said the government has withdrawn its power to set prices of nonessential medicines, but price caps on over 100 non-essential drugs that drew the industry's ire in July will remain.
The withdrawal, announced by NPPA in a statement late on Monday, is on a prospective basis and so does not affect the July caps, a senior official at the drug pricing authority told Reuters on Tuesday.
NPPA capped prices of 108 non-essential drugs in July to improve affordability in a country where more than four-fifths of its nearly 1.3 billion people have no health insurance, and where 70 per cent of the population lives on less than $2 a day.
But the decision was greeted with protests and has been challenged in courts in India, where prices of generic drugs are already low compared with other markets.
The July decision is likely to hit the profit margins of drug makers such as Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd and the local subsidiaries of Sanofi SA, Merck & Co Inc, Pfizer Inc and Abbott Laboratories.
"The basis to proceed further has been withdrawn. We are not saying anything on the past," the NPPA official said, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
"The government always has an overriding power."
The official did not elaborate on the reason the Department of Pharmaceuticals instructed the NPPA to revoke guidelines issued on May 29 that gave it the power to fix prices of drugs that are not on the national list of essential medicines.
A director at the Department of Pharmaceuticals, under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, declined to comment as he was not authorised to speak to the media. Aradhana Johri, the Secretary of the department, was not available to comment.
Last week, NPPA added 36 drugs to the list of 348 medicines deemed essential and so subject to price caps. The list covers around 30 per cent of medicines sold in the country. The 108 nonessential drugs subject to July's price caps are separate from the essential medicines list.\
http://profit.ndtv.com/news/industries/article-prices-of-36-more-drugs-capped-report-668137
The government's decision to curb the power of the pricing authority comes days before new Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits the United States for the first time since taking office.
Ties between India and the United States have been strained in recent years because of trade policies and patent disputes.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty May Fall to 7 920 in Near Term: Kotak SecuritiesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty May Fall to 7,920 in Near Term: Kotak Securities
Published On:                  September 23, 2014                 | Duration: 15 min, 52 sec

Now  Just Submit 2 Photos and Get an AccountManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Monday said people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can open bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch.
"RBI has issued guidelines dated August 26, 2014, where people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can still get bank accounts opened by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch," an official statement said.
However, it said these accounts will be called 'small accounts', shall normally be valid for 12 months and shall be continued subject to showing of proof that the holder has applied for any of the officially valid document within 12 months of opening of such an account.
These accounts have certain limitations such as balance at any point of time should not exceed Rs 50,000, total credit in one year should not exceed Rs 1 lakh, and total withdrawal should not exceed Rs 10,000 in a month, the statement further said.
It also said the existing account holder need not open another bank account to avail of benefits under the Jan Dhan financial inclusion scheme. As of today, 4.18 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme.
"In fact insurance benefits are available through the RuPay Card. The existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a RuPay Debit Card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under PMJDY," it said.
Micro credit limit of Rs 5,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account, the statement said.
The statement said that there had been complaints from some places about the availability of the account opening forms due to huge rush and certain people taking advantage of such a situation.
In view of this, an advertisement has been issued in all major newspapers where the account opening form has been published, the statement noted.
It said anybody desirous of opening an account can come and take this application form to the nearest bank branch/bank mitr for opening the account.
This one-page account opening form is also available on the department's website - www.financialservices.gov.in , it added.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 23:04 (IST)

Centre to spend Rs.33 000 cr on broadband projectsNEW DELHI, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 23, 2014 20:55 IST
Centre to spend Rs.33,000 cr on broadband projects
Special Correspondent
telecommunication equipment
Though the government is promoting the concept of public-private partnership (PPP) in all sectors, it has decided to keep crucial sectors of the broadband network to be rolled out over the next few years under its control.
Bulk of this roll out will be for the Digital India plan of connecting all panchayats with broadband and for closed user group networks exclusively for government organisations.
Speaking at an industry function, Telecom Secretary Rakesh Garg said the government planned to spend around Rs.33,000 crore over the next three years on various broadband projects with the bulk of funds, Rs.21,000 crore, to be earmarked for the broadband backbone for the Digital India project which aims to bring government services to the doorstep of every person by connecting all the 2.5 lakh village panchayats by March 2017.
Mr. Garg said a note had been sent to the Expenditure Finance Committee for clearance after which it would be placed before the Cabinet for final nod. He was confident of the government meeting its target of connecting 50,000 village panchayats by the end of the current fiscal.

Bullish on KCP Sugar: G ChokkalingamYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on KCP Sugar: G Chokkalingam
Published On:                  September 23, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 42 sec
Tweet
G Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics Research & Advisory, says that KCP Sugar is the least leveraged maker of the sweetener and despite the volatility in the industry, it has been making profit and giving dividends. He has a target price of Rs 28 on the stock.

Foreign funds seek to acquire stake in Aditya Birla RetailUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:22 IST
Foreign funds seek to acquire stake in Aditya Birla Retail
Reuters
company information
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corp are in advanced talks to buy 30 per cent stake in the retail arm of the Aditya Birla group for about $400-500 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity funds were looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail, which included apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
“The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap,’’ said one of the sources.
To expand operations
The Aditya Birla group would use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks were still private.
Temasek and the Aditya Birla group declined to comment. L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and World Bank unit International Finance Corporation were not immediately available for comment.

No recast of workforce at Philips IndiaUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:31 IST
No recast of workforce at Philips India
Indrani Dutta
company information
No restructuring of the workforce is likely at Philips India due to the global decision to separate the lighting and the healthcare divisions. Philips India is a subsidiary of Royal Philips of Netherlands.
“The decision to separate the lighting and the consumer and healthcare activities of Philips will take place in all the 17 countries where the company has a presence,” an official spokesperson said.
“It is a longish plan whose implementation will start in early 2015 and get completed in 2016,” the spokesperson said.
No recast of manpower is envisaged in the process although there may be some redeployment in tune with the realignment of businesses.
There are an estimated 4,500 employees at Philips India.
The Indian subsidiary of one of Europe’s best known brands has its registered office in Kolkata and its corporate office in Gurgaon.

How Americans are reacting to the airstrikes in Syria and what could change going forwardBy Mark Berman September 23 Follow @markberman
A U.S. AV-8B Harrier jet prepares to launch from the amphibious assault ship USS Makin Island on Sept 22. (U.S. Navy via EPA)
As the U.S. military embarks upon a campaign of airstrikes in Syria , the reaction from countries around the world  underscored the uncertainty regarding what may happen going forward. News organizations and commentators discussed the nature of the fight, sensitive reactions and critical responses.
What of the reaction in the United States? Anthony Zurcher of the BBC went to Yuma, Colo., a small town in a sparsely populated county tucked into the northeastern corner of the state. He spoke to the crowd at the Main Event Bar and Grill on Tuesday morning as patrons saw images of the missiles launched the previous night:
While some of the bar’s televisions showed sport highlights, several were tuned to Fox News, with talking heads analysing the previous night’s air strikes against Islamic State (IS) forces in Syria.
“Either just let them wipe themselves out or drop a bomb on them and have it all over with,” says a man in a Marine Corps hat upon entering the restaurant. “Just nuke ‘em. Get it done.” …
He also talked with people to hear their responses to President Obama’s brief remarks that morning:
“Everything that he says is a damned lie,” says Bill Brethauer, a local retiree who watched the address from a barstool. “I’ve got no use for him whatsoever.”
According to Mr Brethauer, the current Islamic State uprising is a direct result of the US pullout from Iraq — a belief held by many in the room. He says [you] don’t have to be an “Einstein to figure that out.”
As the war against the Islamic State expands with airstrikes in Syria, here's what senior national security correspondent Karen DeYoung, national security reporter Greg Miller, White House correspondent Katie Zezima and foreign affairs writer Ishaan Tharoor have to say about what it all means. (Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
After more than a decade of constant war, the American public reacts to airstrikes far differently than it did when armed forces were invading Baghdad or sending additional soldiers to Kandahar Province. Earlier this month, nearly two-thirds of Americans said they supported launching airstrikes in Syria and Iraq against the Islamic State.
“We have to deal with them, to take them out. I don’t like war and I know the American people are tired of it. But we can’t have terrorists running around,” Charlene Colella, a Democrat from New Hampshire, told The Post in a follow-up interview conducted after she responded to the poll.
But that same Washington Post-ABC News poll showed that the support was strongest among older adults ; just 51 percent of adults between  18 and 39 supported the strikes, compared to people ages 40 to 64 (71 percent) and 65 or older (73 percent).
The generation that has come of age amid endless war, and the generation that existed only after the fall of Saigon, is more than twice as likely to oppose the airstrikes as older Americans. (This does not appear to come from younger Americans taking the Islamic State less seriously, either. A big majority of all American adults say the group is a threat to the interests of the U.S.)
So how will the American public respond now that an actual campaign has begun, turning hypothetical discussions into concrete reality? There does not seem to be a considerable public outcry in the U.S. or any large protest movement forming in the country. Yet as Peyton M. Craighill explains, historical trends suggest that war fatigue can set in quickly . With officials saying that this bombing campaign  will continue intermittently for months , the war-weary American public could potentially turn against these airstrikes the longer they last.
Lt. Gen. William Mayville said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that Americans should think of the campaign against the Islamic State as taking years. Here are key moments from that briefing in less than three minutes. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Sensex  Nifty recover in early trade on selective buyingSensex recovers after SC coal verdict, closes 31 points lower
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict , the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crore were invested.
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99 per cent and Usha Martin dived 11.83 per cent, among others.
Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen. Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12 per cent, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19 per cent.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02 per cent, Hindustan Unilever 2.87 per cent, Cipla 2.62 per cent, ITC 1.58 per cent and Wipro 1.56 per cent.
Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Realty 1.69 per cent, Consumer Durables index 1.27 per cent, Banking index 1.08 per cent, Auto index 0.51 per cent and Power index 0.36 per cent.

Educomp Solutions Jumps 9% on Acquisition BuzzYou are here: Home Market
Educomp Solutions Jumps 9% on Acquisition Buzz
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 10:17 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in Educomp Solutions jumped over 9 per cent on Wednesday on buzz that the diversified education services provider's K-12 schools may soon be bought by a large corporate. According to a media report, Educomp may attract a valuation of $250 million for its network of more than 50 schools.
Educomp shares have been weighed down by large debt and if the potential deal goes through, it will go a long way in improving the finances of the company, analysts say. The K-12 subsidiary has debt worth $150 million.
Shares in Educomp are down over 16 per cent in last 3 months as against a 6 per cent gain in the Nifty.
As of 9.53 a.m. shares in Educomp Solutions traded 6.15 per cent higher at Rs 34.50 apiece outperforming the Nifty which was up 0.05 per cent.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 10:14 (IST)

Mission Accomplished: India Joins Mars ExplorersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

India beats China; becomes first Asian nation to reach MarsIndian mission will be watched more closely, given that it's looking for methane, which could be proof of life. 'Curiosity' was unable to detect methane.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The success of ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday made India the first Asian country to reach the red planet. With this, India now joins an elite club of the United States, Russia and Europe who can boast of reaching Mars.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half of all missions to the planet have ended in failure, including China's in 2011 and Japan's in 2003.
No single nation had previously succeeded at its first go, although the European Space Agency, which represents a consortium of countries, did also pull it off at its first attempt.
India has been trying to keep up with neighbouring giant China, which has poured billions of dollars into its programme and plans to build a manned space station by the end of the decade.
Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
India has a robust scientific and technical educational system that has produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors, propelling many into the middle class.
India has already conducted dozens of successful satellite launches, including sending up the Chandrayaan-1 lunar orbiter, which discovered key evidence of water on the moon in 2008. And it plans new scientific missions, including putting a rover on the moon.
The Mars mission , as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost (Rs 450 crore) significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
The launch was complex too. The PSLV rocket had a long coast of 25 minutes between the third and fourth stage, during which all engines were shut off. Once in orbit around the earth, the satellite had six orbit-raising manoeuvres that together lasted for 25 days before it left the earth's grasp.
As it goes around Mars on an elliptical orbit with the closest point around 420km and the farthest around 80,000km, MOM will employ five equipment that collectively weight 15kg to do scientific studies.
The Lyman alpha photometer would measure the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen in the upper Martian atmosphere to understand previous presence of water on the red planet.
A methane sensor will look for sources of the gas. While the Mars colour camera clicks away, a thermal infrared spectrometer will study heat emission, minerals and soil on Mars.
The Indian mission will be watched more closely, given that it's looking for methane, which could be proof of life. Nasa's 'Curiosity' was unable to detect methane.
"It's yet another source of information. Mars is gradually unveiling its secrets to science and humanity, and the Indian mission is yet another means of unveiling this enigma that Mars presents," said space expert Roger Franzen, the technical program manager at the Australian National University's Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics.

Sasken dives 20%  seen slipping 20% moreYou are here: Home > Collections > Directors
Sasken Communications can fall another 20% as CEO resigns
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 07.00PM IST
Tags:
Anjan Lahiri
MUMBAI: Shares of Sasken Communication Technologies today slumped 19 per cent after Anjan Lahiri , the whole time Director & CEO resigned from the services of the company.
Stock of Sasken Communication tumbled 18.28 per cent to close at Rs 258.40 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 19.98 per cent to Rs 253.
At the NSE, it slumped 18.99 per cent to close at Rs 256.15.
Led by the sharp fall in the stock, the company's market value dropped Rs 121.43 crore to Rs 550.57 crore.
On the volume front, 4.55 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 9 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
Sasken Communication Technologies in a filing to the BSE today said that Anjan Lahiri, whole time Director & CEO has resigned from the services and consequently from the Board of Directors effective September 23, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi s euphoria makes India overpri...TPG's David Bonderman says 'Narendra Modi euphoria' makes India overpriced
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 01.42PM IST
0
Share More
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
HONG KONG: Global private equity firm TPG Capital's founding partner David Bonderman said the election of Narendra Modi as India's prime minister had contributed to overpriced buyouts, and warned the new leader may not be able to solve all of the nation's ills.
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
"There are times when places like India are cheap. That isn't the case now, so we have to be cautious," Bonderman said at the annual SuperReturn private equity conference in Hong Kong on Wednesday.
"In India, the public markets are ahead of themselves, as they often are in India. It tends to be the case that prices follow the public markets in India, and they get out of control as they are at the moment, due in part to Modi euphoria," said Bonderman.
TPG was one of the first global private equity firms to enter Asia, opening a Shanghai office in 1994. It employs around a dozen full-time employees in India and is invested in Shriram City Union Finance , Shriram Properties, among others.
Bonderman said that after the euphoria, there will be a period of disenchantment as people realise the limits of what Modi can fix.
"Most of what ails India can't be fixed by one man and a federal system," he said.
Bonderman pointed to the country's power sector as an example of problems the country faces.
"So India is way underpowered and they can't get their act together to figure out how much they're charging for coal and how much they're charging for natural gas , and definitely you can't get anybody building power plants," said Bonderman.
"Mr Modi can't fix that overnight. Maybe over a decade," he added.
Bonderman declined to comment when asked on the sidelines if TPG was considering an IPO , but did confirm that the firm remained open , but cautious, about the possibility.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Oracle Fin plunges 14% on ex-dividend dayFinancial Services
(The board of directors of…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Oracle Financial Services Software ended nearly 13 per cent lower today amid huge selling pressure as the stock went ex-dividend.
Oracle Financial Services' scrip tumbled 12.89 per cent to settle at Rs 3,448.30 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 13.57 per cent to Rs 3,421.05.
Marketmen said profit-booking pulled down the stock. The board of directors of the software company had on September 12, declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of Rs 5 each.
The record date for the purpose of the interim dividend declared by the company is fixed as September 25, 2014.
The interim dividend will be paid to the equity shareholders of the company on or before September 29, 2014, Oracle Financial Services had said in a BSE filing yesterday.
The issuing company fixes a particular date which is termed as record date when the investor must own shares in order to be eligible to participate in events like receiving dividend, bonus shares.
An ex-dividend is classification of trading shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New type of brain cell discoveredNew type of brain cell discovered
PTI  New York, September 24, 2014
First Published: 13:26 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:12 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Researchers have discovered a strange new type of brain cell that sends signals by bypassing the cell body altogether.
Neurons come in different shapes and sizes but the basic blueprint consists of a cell body, from which protrudes spindly appendages called dendrites and axons.
Dendrites are branchlike structures that receive signals from other nerve cells and deliver them to the cell body. The neuron then processes the signals and zaps along information to the next cell via a long projection called the axon.
The newly discovered cells, however, have a different, and until now, unknown process. In these cells, the signals skip the cell body altogether, instead travelling along an axon that projects directly from one of the dendrites.
"We found that in more than half of the cells, the axon does not emerge from the cell body, but arises from a lower dendrite," said study researcher Christian Thome, a neuroscientist at Heidelberg University and the Bernstein Center Heidelberg-Mannheim.
The new cells were discovered in the hippocampus of a mouse.
Humans have the same general brain structure and types of hippocampus cells as mice.
The hippocampus is home to extensively branched neurons called pyramidal cells because of their triangular cell bodies, 'Live Science' reported.
To map out the connections between these cells, researchers used a fluorescent red protein that stuck to the origin of each axon protruding from a cell.
They expected the axons to extend from the cell bodies. Instead, they saw that in many cases, the axons emerged from the branching dendrites instead.
The base of the hippocampus is divided into areas labelled CA1, CA2, CA3 and CA4. The most common site for strangely shaped cells was in the CA1 region, where about 50% of cells had dendrite-originating axons.
About 28%of cells in the CA3 region were the newly discovered shape, researchers said.

Himachal Pradesh: 30 feared drowned as bus falls into reservoirComments
At least 25 people were killed and 21 others were injured as a private bus in which they were travelling fell into the Gobind Sagar reservoir near Kandraur in this district on Wednesday.
The overcrowded 21-seater bus met with the accident near Rahian bridge around 8.45 am. There were 47 passengers in the bus. A few passengers managed to jump out of the bus and survived with injuries.
Passengers even occupied the roof of the bus that was on its way from Rishikesh village to Ghumarwin town, both in Bilaspur district. Majority of the passengers were office-goers and students.
Of the dead, 19 were men and six women. All barring one deceased have been identified. Most of the deceased were locals.
Locals reached the spot and started rescue operations. Police and home guard jawans besides the Bhakra Beas Management Board divers joined the rescue. Services of local fishermen were also taken.
The injured were shifted to the regional hospital in Bilaspur and the civil hospital at Ghumarwin.
Eyewitnesses described speeding as the main reason for the accident, while others said a technical snag led to the accident. Director general of police Sanjay Kumar, who, along with principal secretary revenue Tarun Sridhar, arrived on the scene to oversee the rescue operations, told HT, “Survivors told us that they heard a strange sound in the bus before it fell into the reservoir. Only the probe will clarify as to what really led to the accident.”
Meanwhile, the Bilaspur additional district magistrate has been told to conduct an inquiry into the accident and submit the report in a week.
Governor Urmila Singh and chief minister Virbhadra Singh expressed grief at the accident. The chief minister said a sum of Rs. 10,000 each had been given as immediate relief to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs. 5,000 each to the injured, adding that an ex-gratia amount of Rs. 1.5 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in the mishap would soon be distributed. The chief minister said all expenses incurred on the treatment of the injured would be taken care of by the government.
  
A large number of people were said to be communting from one area to another in the bus.23 feared are to be dead in this entire accident.HT Photo
Local gathered at the spot making anxious enquiries about the victims of the mishap.HT Photo
Rescue operations underway at the accident site near Auhar in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh.HT Photo
Condition of 40-seater bus that met with an accident.It is said that it was packed to capacity and some people were said to have been also travelling on its roof.HTPhoto

President congratulates ISRO for Mangalyaan successPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:24 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 2:27 pm
President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission ‘Mangalyaan’, saying the breakthrough will inspire the country’s scientists to make even greater strides.
In a message to Chairman of ISRO, K Radhakrishnan, the President said, “I extend my hearty congratulations and best wishes to you and your team on the successful Orbit Insertion Maneuver of the Mars Orbiter Mission ‘Mangalyaan’ after a journey of nearly nine months.
“The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. ISRO is also the first to enter the Martian Orbit in it’s maiden attempt,” he said.
The President said the nation is proud of this historic achievement which has demonstrated, yet again, India’s space capabilities.
“I am sure that this breakthrough, which marks a significant landmark in our space programme, will inspire our scientists to make even greater strides. Kindly convey my greetings to the members of your team of scientists, engineers, technologists and all others associated with this great mission. The nation is grateful for their hard work and proud of their accomplishment,” he said.

US deeply interested in India s domestic tr...domestic transition
(The US has said it is "deeply…)
WASHINGTON: The US has said it is "deeply interested" in partnering India in its domestic transition that has been prioritised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and benefit from Indian innovation and entrepreneurship.
"Prime Minister Modi prioritises India's domestic transformation by strengthening its economy and addressing the challenges that impede economic growth. The United States is deeply interested in partnering with India to be a part of that domestic transformation," Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal said.
"We believe we can contribute capacity, technology, and best practices. And in return we can benefit from the innovation and entrepreneurship for which India is known," she said noting that the new Prime Minister has come in with a solid domestic vision for the country.
"India's deepening role in the region and around the world is one that we support, and India's new administration has kicked off engagement in the region with the Prime Minister's invitation of regional leaders to his swearing in ceremony," she said.
"Our relationship is founded on the principle that a strong India is in the US interest. A consequential partnership in addressing challenges globally is not only in the US interest, but also the global interest," Biswal said in an interaction with members of the Asia Society last week.
Noting that there is a natural affiliation between the two societies and between private sectors, she said as India grows, the US is deeply invested in allowing and enabling India to grow in a way that is more sustainable and efficient in terms of its societal and environmental impacts.
"Domestic transformation also enables India to have a greater voice in regional and global affairs, and that is certainly something that we very much welcome. There is a lot at stake in being part of India's domestic transformation, and we think Prime Minister Modi's visit will highlight opportunities for further collaboration between our two countries," she said.
India lends a voice that very much aligns with America's goals and objectives on stability and security across the region in areas such as freedom of navigation and maritime security as well as broader cooperation on combating terrorism and extremism, Biswal said.
"We are also harnessing the intellect and innovation within India on research, and dealing with issues that both challenge India and the world. As we invest in India and strengthen its capabilities, these are areas where the country will play an increasing leadership role in addressing these global issues," the US official said.
"Energy is another area where we have had a long and deep collaboration. We understand India's need to be able to increase its supply of, and access to, energy to fuel its economy. We understand India's desire for energy security as well as the need to emphasise cleaner sources of energy and minimise and mitigate dependencies on energy from places like Iran," Biswal said.
"We want to work with India in advancing its energy needs in a way that comports with these other areas of concern," she said.
She reiterated that the US is not only looking forward to an engagement between the two leaders and governments, but also to the time the Prime Minister will spend in New York meeting with the private sector and the Indian diaspora in the United States.
"This community has been a tremendous source of strength to the United States and American society, as well as an asset for deepening relations between the United States and India," Biswal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil slips towards $96 on ample supply  low d...Oil slips towards $96 on ample supply, slack demand
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 04.49PM IST
Commodity watch: Gold trades flat, crude slips
Commodity watch: Gold trades flat, crude slips
Weak European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq, Libya and Nigeria have hammered the oil price, which is down nearly 14% this quarter.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Oil fell towards $96 a barrel on Wednesday as rising supply from Africa and Iraq offset mounting tensions in the Middle East and better-than-expected data in China.
Weak European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq, Libya and Nigeria have hammered the oil price, which is down nearly 14 per cent this quarter.
Brent for November delivery fell 34 cents to $96.51 a barrel by 1048 GMT. It was down more than 6 per cent for the month so far, the biggest monthly drop since April 2013.
US crude fell 13 cents to $91.43 a barrel.
"We have restocking (because of increased exports) from Libya, and crude oil is also weak because of refinery maintenance," said Olivier Jakob of consultancy Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland.
Libya was producing 800,000 barrels per day (bpd), up about 14 per cent from Sunday, after the El Sharara oil field restarted production.
Exports from Iraq's southern terminals have averaged 2.58 million bpd, according to shipping data for the first 23 days of September tracked by Reuters, up from the August average of 2.38 million.
Nigeria's oil exports are expected to hit a 14-month high in November, adding more light, sweet crude oil to an already well supplied market.
Meanwhile, the European Central Bank faces an uphill task to spur growth as euro zone business activity expanded at a slightly weaker pace than expected in September as firms cut prices for the 30th month in a row, a survey showed on Tuesday.
Manufacturing and services output in the bloc's top two economies, Germany and France, has also slowed.
In China, August crude inventories, excluding strategic reserves, were higher than the previous month.
China's 2015 economic growth, however, is expected to be "well above" 7 per cent, according to the International Monetary Fund on Wednesday.
For now, oil prices are under pressure and even US manufacturing activity, which held near a 4-1/2-year high this month, and tensions in the Middle East have failed to turn the market around.
Technical analysts said that there is little to stop oil slipping towards $90 per barrel.
"There's not a lot to stop the trend breaking down further," said Lynnden Branigan, a technical analyst at Barclays Capital.
"There's extreme selling pressure, and after the July 2012 low of $95.30, the next support is at $91.85."
MILITANTS BOMBED
The United States and Arab allies bombed militant groups in Syria for the first time on Tuesday, killing scores of Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, US investors were waiting for weekly oil inventory data from the Energy Information Administration later on Wednesday for indications about demand in the world's largest oil consumer.
Crude inventories fell by 6.5 million barrels in the week to Sept. 19, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday. Analysts in a Reuters poll were expecting inventories to have risen by 400,000 barrels..
But any long-term rise in prices for US oil is unlikely.
"Crude prices rose likely due to price corrections as WTI Nov. 14 remained lower than Sept. 14 when the Sept. 14 contract closed," Phillip Futures said in a note.
"The overall signal for WTI is still on its bearish trend . We do not expect this rise in prices to continue," it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Eliminating inefficencies help GMDC reap gainsL. KULSHRESTHA,GM (Finance), GMDC. Photo: Shailesh Raval.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
BEST CFO OF A PSU (MID-SIZE COMPANIES)
Winner: Lavanya Kulshrestha, GM (Finance), GMDC
Lavanya Kulshrestha took over as CFO of Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation in 2005. Since then, his out-of-the-box thinking has helped GMDC to keep expenditure under control and grow its business.

SC verdict good for Coal India  stock surges 5%: what ex-chairman P Bhattacharya sayscoal blocks
("For the court, it is not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Partha Bhattacharya , Former Chairman, Coal India, talks about the cancellation of coal block allocations. Excerpts:
ET Now: All coal blocks have been cancelled, except the government run non-JV allotments. Your initial thoughts?
Partha Bhattacharya: People expected it to happen when the court had declared all these allocations as illegal. So, if everything is already illegal, it is then not a very difficult decision to make. I believe this decision is a corollary of what the court had held as far as the allocations were concerned.
ET Now: Do you think this is a very harsh decision considering the economic reality? Captive coal will be the mainstay for the power industry after the cancellation of coal allocations. Will the problems only get messier?
Partha Bhattacharya: For the court, it is not a question of harsh or soft. The question is of illegality. The court must have arrived at this conclusion only after a thorough deliberation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax surges 7% after bagging Rs 339-crore orderYou are here: Home > Collections
Thermax rallies 7% on order win of JV for Rs 339 crore
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited
(The order is from B&W PGG…)
NEW DELHI: Thermax Ltd rallied as much as 6.9 per cent in trade on Wednesday after Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs. 339 crore.
At 09:30 a.m.; Thermax pared some of the morning gains but was still trading 4.8 per cent higher at Rs 932.05. It hit a low of Rs 929.20 and a high of Rs 950 in trade today.
The order is from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of selective items such as boiler pressure parts, critical piping, pulverisers, plate work for casing, ducts and hoppers for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
The contract also includes supply of ancillary items including valves, dampers, expansion joints and instrumentation items, Thermax said in a filing with BSE.
Detailed engineering and supply of material are scheduled to be completed within 21 months for the first unit and 24 months for the second unit, said the filing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court scraps 214 illegal coal blocks  markets downSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

RBS falls on weaker FTSE 100RBS falls on weaker FTSE 100
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a864747c-43c4-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supreme Court cancels coal blocks allocations: What nextE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Quashing of 214 coal blocks first effective blow to crony capitalism:JD(U)Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:09 pm
JD(U) on Wednesday welcomed the Supreme Court’s decision to quash the allocation of 214 of the 218 coal blocks allotted since 1993 and said it was the first effective blow to “crony capitalism”.
“I welcome it. This is the first effective blow to expanding crony capitalism. After this order, action should be taken against politicians, bureaucrats and all others who are found guilty in the coal-block allocation scam,” JD(U) president Sharad Yadav said.
The apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks alloted since 1993. The apex court has granted six months’ “breathing time” to the companies whose blocks have been cancelled to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
Coal blocks allocated to PSU-SAIL, NTPC and two for Ultra Mega Power Projects were the four allotments which were spared.

Japan steps up Russia sanctions over UkraineUpdated: September 24, 2014 16:15 IST
Japan steps up Russia sanctions over Ukraine
AP
AP Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe
TOPICS
Russia
Japan said it has stepped up sanctions against Russia over the unrest in Ukraine to be in line with other Group of Seven members before they meet in New York.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday the new sanctions include banning some Russian banks from issuing securities in Japan and tightening restrictions on arms exports to Russia over its support for the separation of Crimea from Ukraine.
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida will join his G-7 counterparts later this week on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.

SC coal verdict: Banks  power cos likely to get affectedSep 24, 2014, 04.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Supreme Court coal ruling: Who gets hit, who doesn't
SC accepted CAG's estimate that there was loss of Rs 295 per mega tonne due to the non-operation of the mines.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Supreme Court coal ruling: Who gets hit, who doesn't
SC accepted CAG's estimate that there was loss of Rs 295 per mega tonne due to the non-operation of the mines.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The worst case scenario for power companies like Jindal Steel and Power , Usha Martin came true on Wednesday, after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993. However, the ruling came with a ‘breathing time’ of six months to companies whose blocks have been cancelled to wind up business.
The apex court allowed the Coal India-NTPC JV mine permit to continue. "Government will be free to auction coal blocks post March 31, 2015," the Attorney General said. "Coal India Limited has been asked to take over operational blocks for 6 months," the Attorney General added.
SC accepted CAG's estimate that there was loss of Rs 295 per mega tonne due to the non-operation of the mines. The apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
As the per the Rs 295 per tonne penality, JSPL will have to pay around Rs 2950 crore, Hindalco will have to shell out Rs 500 crore and CESC will have to pay around Rs 800-1,000 crore. In CESC’s case, the listed entity holds 26 percent stake in the mine, so the financial hit likely to be to that extent.
Sarda Energy told CNBC-TV18 that it expects a fine of around Rs 800-100 crore, same as what Prakash Industries is likely to pay.
Shares of JSPL crashed around 14 percent after the verdict was announced. Shares of public sector lenders like Canara Bank and Punjab National Bank also took a beating given their large exposure to the power sector. Shares of Coal India were up 4 percent as the PSU can carry out mining activity till auctions are held. The AG has said all mines are handed over to PSUs need not be auctioned.
Losers

Gaurav Mashruwala s strategies to invest in best MFsgaurav mashruwala s strategies to invest in best mfs
Come on Down: Used Car Loans at All-Time Highcome on down: used car loans at all-time high
Siemens to Buy Dresser-Rand for $7.6 BillionSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Frankfurt:
Industrial conglomerate Siemens AG said on Monday it would buy U.S. oilfield equipment maker Dresser-Rand Group Inc for $7.6 billion in a move that would significantly boost the German company's oil and gas business in North America.
Germany's Siemens said its $83 per-share bid was unanimously supported by Dresser-Rand's board of directors. That compares with a Friday closing price of $79.91, which was up 27 per cent over the past three months on takeover speculation.
Within minutes of that statement, it also announced the sale of its 50 per cent stake in BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeraete GmbH to joint venture partner Robert Bosch GmbH for 3 billion euros ($3.85 billion), ending their more than 45 year alliance in household appliances.
"As the premium brand in the global energy infrastructure markets, Dresser-Rand is a perfect fit for the Siemens portfolio. The combined activities will create a world-class provider for the growing oil and gas markets," Siemens chief executive Joe Kaeser said in a statement on Monday.
Reuters reported on Sunday that the companies were nearing a deal.
The German industrial conglomerate had long coveted Dresser-Rand, which would help it grow its oil and gas business at a time when a North American fracking boom is boosting demand for energy equipment.
But it shrank in the past from making a formal bid, balking at its high valuation. Dresser-Rand trades at 24.6 times 12 month forward earnings, a 60 per cent premium to its peers in oil and gas equipment and services, according to Reuters data.
CEO Kaeser said in July the company planned to focus on restructuring rather than acquisitions for the moment, but would have the financial firepower for the right acquisition target. Cash reserves stood at 8.21 billion euros at the end of June.
Siemens is targeting more than 150 million euros in annual synergies by 2019 from the transaction, which complements Siemens's market position in turbo compressors, downstream and industrial applications as well as larger-sized steam turbines.
Siemens expects to close the Dresser-Rand deal by summer 2015, while it aims to wrap up the sale of its stake in household appliance venture BSH with Bosch in first half of 2015.
BSH will pay out 250 million euros to each of its owners Bosch and Siemens before the transaction is completed.
Siemens has trumped a competing offer for Dresser-Rand from Swiss pump maker Sulzer AG, which had proposed an all-stock merger, according to people familiar with the matter.
Sulzer's chairman is former Siemens CEO Peter Loescher, who Kaeser replaced in a boardroom coup last year.
But other rival bidders may be lurking. General Electric was considering whether to make a bid, the Financial Times cited people familiar with the matter as saying on Friday.
Any GE involvement would mean their archrivalry picking up steam again. Siemens lost out to GE in a fierce bidding tussle over Alstom's energy business in June.
The Dresser-Rand deal would eclipse Siemens acquisitions over recent year. Siemens bought Dade Behring for $7 billion under Kaeser's predecessor Loescher in 2007, in a deal that was widely criticised as overpriced.
Siemens filled another gap in its energy equipment portfolio earlier this year, buying small gas-turbine assets from Rolls-Royce for 950 million euros. CEO Kaeser indicated at the time that expansion in the United States was next on the agenda.
(1 US dollar = 0.7784 euro)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex dips below 27k-levelmarket and exchange
The benchmark BSE Sensex dipped below the 27k-level by falling over 166 points in early trade on Monday as funds and retail investors engaged in reducing positions amid a weak trend on other Asian bourses.
The 30-share barometer, which shed 21.79 points in the previous session, fell by 166.32 points, or 0.61 per cent, to slip below the 27,000-mark to 26,924.10.
Stocks of realty, capital goods, metal, auto, power and banking sectors declined due to profit-booking.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell below the 8,100-level by declining 56.65 points, or 0.69 per cent, to 8,064.80.
Brokers said increased selling by funds and retail investors in the recent out-performers amid a subdued trend at other Asian bourses on profit-taking, mainly dampened trading sentiment.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei Index was down by 0.81 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index shed 1.34 per cent in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, ended 0.08 per cent higher in Friday’s trade.

These Cities May Be India s Next IT HotspotsManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: As a growing number of outsourcing companies are looking at tier II and III cities for expansion, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Kochi and Kolkata figure among the most favoured destinations by IT-BPM players.
According to a report on the emerging delivery locations in India by IT-ITeS industry body Nasscom and global property consultant Cushman & Wakefield (C&W), these cities are offering better opportunities in terms of business environment, talent, infrastructure and cost differential.
"Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Kochi and Kolkata have significantly improved their value proposition for IT-BPM services delivery over last five years and emerged as front runners next only to Tier I cities or 'Leader' locations which continue to be the preferred choices for IT-BPM industry," Nasscom said in a statement quoting the report.
The 'leader' locations however have also seen, a shift towards expansion into peripheral locations as emerging alternate delivery locations, it added.
Front runner cities are followed by Bhubaneswar, Coimbatore, Trivandrum and Visakhapatnam as the second choices while Chandigarh and Indore are promising locations, the report said.
The report said Ahmedabad showcases strong infrastructure with good air connectivity, significant growth in IT Grade A office stock, upcoming metro rail project and location advantage of being on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor.
On the other hand, Jaipur offers a wide talent pool with headcount and number of IT-BPM units doubling in last five years along with good air connectivity and under-construction metro rail.
Kochi presents a distinct cost differential with operational cost savings up to 25 per cent along with enabling IT infrastructure like presence of submarine communication cables ensuring high speed internet connectivity with export revenues tripling in last five years.
Kolkata excels in business performance with employee headcount and number of engineering students doubling in the last five years.
Explaining the rationale behind the changing preference for locations, the report added over the last couple of years, the transformations in delivery models have altered location strategy of IT-BPM organisations.
There is an increased focus on non-linear growth, serving new customer segments, verticals and geographic markets, attracting domain knowledge and emergence of digital technologies has led to shifts in global delivery models, it said.
"With changing client needs and the growth in broadband penetration, the latest trend that we are witnessing is that more and more companies are entering tier II & III towns," Nasscom president R Chandrasekaran said.
NASSCOM and the industry will work with the government to improve infrastructure in these cities and support ministries to achieve the dream of an inclusive Digital India, he added.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 12:17 (IST)

In Suburban Seattle  New Nests for China s RichRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
As the Chinese wealthy stash more of their fortunes overseas, they're bidding up the value of everything from bitcoins and Burgundy to Picassos and pink diamonds.
And, increasingly, China's rich are also offshoring their families along with their cash. That's created a real estate boom in an unlikely corner of the United States: suburban Seattle.
Wealthy Chinese have become far and away the biggest foreign buyers of real estate in Seattle in recent years, accounting for up to one-third of $1 million-plus homes sold in certain areas, brokers say. Seattle real estate agents are hiring Mandarin speakers and even opening offices in Beijing. Builders are designing much of their new construction for Chinese buyers.
Seattle real estate agents have even added a new term of art to their deal language: "the feng shui contingency." Before closing on a house, many Chinese buyers are asking to have a feng shui master or consultant approve the house as part of a general inspection. Bad feng shui means no deal. Or, sometimes, some last-minute landscaping.
"We had a case where a tree was blocking the chi, or energy flow, of the home," said May Wan, an agent at Berkshire Hathaway Home Services in Bellevue who works with many Chinese buyers. "So it had to be taken out. They planted another one nearby."
The business of relocating China's uprooted rich is likely to grow in the coming years. A quarter of all real estate sold to foreigners in the United States last year went to Chinese buyers. Now the largest group of foreign buyers in the United States, the Chinese spent $22 billion on US real estate in the 12 months ended in March, according to the National Association of Realtors. That's up 72 percent from the year-earlier period.
They lean toward luxury: The median purchase for Chinese buyers is $523,148 - nearly twice the national average. Three-quarters of their purchases are all cash.
That's made Seattle one of the world's top catch basins for the billions of dollars spilling out of China every year. While foreign money has also been pouring into New York, Los Angeles and London real estate, the impact of the Chinese rich on Seattle is far more concentrated, focused on a few small, upscale suburbs. They're especially attracted to Medina - home to Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos - and the West Bellevue area.
"The first question you often hear from Chinese clients is 'Where does Bill Gates live?'" said Moya Skillman, a broker with Windermere Real Estate.
Brokers and analysts say 20 to 40 percent of $1 million-plus homes sold on the Eastside - a collective term for eastern suburbs of Seattle - were purchased by Chinese buyers.
A $1.1 million listing in West Bellevue recently attracted 24 bidders, virtually all of them Chinese, and the home quickly sold for $1.4 million. Wan said a $2.5 million lakefront property recently sold with three offers, just days after coming onto the market. The median sales price in Bellevue is up 82 percent since 2011, to $1.37 million, according to sales data.
The boom may be just starting. A survey by the Hurun Report, a China-based wealth research firm, found that 64 percent of China's millionaires have emigrated or plan to emigrate in coming years. They listed their favorite destination as the United States, followed by Canada and Australia. While respondents cited better education, air quality and food safety as their main reasons, concerns about political and social stability have also caused the wealthy to secure more of their fortunes overseas, according to advisers to wealthy Chinese families. Chinese residents held an estimated $659 billion offshore in 2013. The number is expected to surge to $1.9 trillion by 2018, according to the Boston Consulting Group.
Their attraction to Seattle stems from its top schools, clean air, longtime Chinese population and, more recently, a hit movie. The 2013 film "Beijing Meets Seattle" (or "Finding Mr. Right" in English) became one of China's top-grossing films of all time, telling the story of a pregnant woman who flies to the Seattle to find true love and U.S. citizenship for her baby. The film struck a chord with younger Chinese, who saw Seattle as a liberating, romantic escape from the intense materialism of China (even though much of the movie was filmed in Vancouver).
"People my age in China suddenly started talking about Seattle," said Bangze Wang, a Beijing native who now lives in Seattle.
Wang, known as James, embodies the new Seattle-China attraction. The son of a successful developer in Beijing, he arrived in Seattle in 2008 with plans to attend the University of Washington and return home to the family business. After graduation, however, he was offered a job at Lochwood-Lozier Custom Homes, one of Seattle's top builders. Now he's a project manager, negotiator and all-around cultural liaison between the company and wealthy Chinese buyers.
"Seattle was a better opportunity for me than China right now," Wang said. "A lot of Chinese families are planning to move here."
Lochwood-Lozier used to sell its high-end homes to Microsoft millionaires and other local executives. Now it is building 10 homes aimed mainly at Chinese buyers, with prices of $2.5 million to $5 million.
Todd Lozier, the firm's president, said Chinese buyers prefer big, modern homes with two kitchens - a small, vented one and a larger display kitchen - along with grand entrances and rooms for extended family.
"They like curb appeal," he said.
They also like a classic American look, feng shui notwithstanding. Skillman was showing one Chinese buyer a home with Chinese antiques on display "and the buyer almost walked out," she said. Now she tells sellers to clear out most Chinese collectibles or artworks before they list.
David Masin, president of Masins Fine Furnishings & Interior Design in Bellevue, said business from wealthy Chinese was up more than 50 percent this year. One Chinese family, he said, recently bought a $24,000 Thomas Pheasant dining table, which they said was for their son, who is in college. Another customer bought a multimillion-dollar house and asked Masins to furnish it, sight unseen. The cost: around $250,000.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 10:19 (IST)

Why Celebrities Are Investing in Tech CompaniesYou are here: Home Industries
Dancing With the Startups
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Since at least Sarah Bernhardt's time, celebrities have looked for ways to parlay their name recognition into extra cash. Back in the 19th century, Bernhardt - the most celebrated actress of her day - endorsed a popular brand of soap. "I have used Pears' Soap and find there is nothing so satisfying in the world," she enthused in one ad.
Today, celebrity endorsements are everywhere. It's no surprise to see people like Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Aniston and Halle Berry lending their star power to ads for cars, bottled water, makeup and a host of other products.
Now some celebrities - both established and up-and-coming - are lavishing their promotional love on startups rather than big brands. Often, those deals involve equity. In exchange for a small percentage of a company, a celebrity investor agrees to provide publicity, feedback and valuable connections. Celebrities who have taken this route include Ashton Kutcher, Tyra Banks, Bono and Drew Barrymore.
With equity, of course, there is a risk of losing money. But if a celebrity picks a company that turns out to be a hit, it's a gift that keeps on giving, unlike most endorsement deals. And investing in a startup generally requires less legwork than, say, starting a clothing line or opening a restaurant - other celebrity pet projects.
The new trend could also be a matter of celebrities seeing startups stealing the California spotlight.
"When you look at Hollywood stars, they make a certain amount of millions, and they're used to being the 'it' kids," said Anjula Acharia-Bath, who helps stars make startup investments. "Now you see that the 'it' kids are these people who are building these startups and walking away with billions of dollars."
Timothy Karunaratne, who pairs emerging companies with influential investors, put it this way: "I think it's a fair statement to say most people would rather be Mark Zuckerberg than Will Smith. I think that's a fair statement, and that's pretty fascinating."
Acharia-Bath and Karunaratne are part of an informal network that has sprung up to bridge the financing gap between Hollywood and Silicon Valley.
Karunaratne, in addition to serving as the CEO of Parkt, an urban parking startup, is a founder of the Startup Agency. Housed in a business incubator and accelerator in a 10th-floor penthouse on Sunset Boulevard, the agency's open office is divided up by what appears to be the side of an airplane that's been dipped in chrome. In an earlier era, Hugh Hefner crashed here after late nights downstairs at his Playboy Club.
Karunaratne and his co-founder, Jonathan Gonen, recently united Gyft, a gift card management platform, with Kutcher, the actor. A-Grade Investments, Kutcher's 4-year-old venture capital fund, invested in Gyft.
"The network that A-Grade has is very, very powerful," said CJ MacDonald, a founder of Gyft. "They're very well connected and they can open up doors that other people can't."
If "Ashton picks up the phone and calls someone, that person calls back," MacDonald added.
For people like Acharia-Bath and Karunaratne, star value means little without strategic action, which might mean making introductions to potential business partners. Celebrities might also provide feedback on a product, or discuss it on a talk show. Social media also plays a part, with stars singing their products' praises on sites and services like Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter.
But building this bridge involves artful negotiation and deep knowledge of two very different spheres. Egos abound in both.
Karunaratne cut his teeth in the investment banking division of Goldman Sachs. He was always interested in the entertainment industry, particularly in making Hollywood more diverse. At 26, he left his finance job to work in the mailroom of the talent agency William Morris, now William Morris Endeavor. He left his job as an agent trainee in 2012 with the intention of starting his own company, which crystallized into the Startup Agency after he met Gonen.
"A lot of people think that you can just connect" a celebrity and a company, Karunaratne said. "And, yes, connecting is great, but there is still a lot of other stuff that has to be done."
The network of connectors extends beyond Los Angeles. In San Francisco, for example, there's Shervin Pishevar, a founder of the venture capital fund SherpaVentures and a strategic adviser for Uber, the ride-sharing service. In New York, there's Nathan Coyle, a former talent agent for Creative Artists Agency who now leads business development for the lifestyle and e-commerce website Refinery29. (He helped bring Barrymore on board as the website's editor at large earlier this year.)
Janina Gavankar, an actress who stars alongside Debra Messing in "The Mysteries of Laura," a new TV series, invested in the Hunt in 2012 on Karunaratne's advice. Gavankar called herself an "honest, savvy user" of the Hunt site, which helps people track down and buy items they see online or on the street. She said she shared her Internet-scouring methods with Tim Weingarten, the Hunt's CEO.
"I'm a hunter," Gavankar said. "Somebody posts something and I say: 'Ha! I'm going to find it.' I go down the rabbit hole."
Weingarten says he takes Gavankar's input into consideration, adding that his No. 1 goal when looking for celebrity investors is to "find somebody who is influential and will use the product organically and have passion about it, so their usage doesn't become about just having equity in the company." His investors include Banks and Christina Milian, the singer and actress.
Milian said her personal affinities guided her equity investments in the Hunt and in French Girls, an iPhone app for drawing portraits. "You can go with your gut feeling," she said. "As a consumer, what do I want to download? What do I want to spend money on?"
The trend may seem to offer yet another way for the rich to get richer. Then there's the question of whether fans ought to know if a star has a financial stake in the product du jour, or if her exclamation point and emoji-laden tweet about it was typed without any dollar signs in mind.
"It's a little bit murkier" than the traditional endorsement model, said David Bell, a marketing professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. But with social-media-skilled consumers and news-hungry blogs ready to call out stars for doing anything seemingly untoward, it's in a celebrity's best interest to promote products and services they genuinely support, he said.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 10:45 (IST)

Three Ways To Save During Open EnrollmentIt's open enrollment! Here's three ways to save on health insurance
Sharon Epperson CNBC
Shutterstock
Portrait Of Business People Working Together In Office; Shutterstock ID 136245179; PO: today.com
It's open enrollment season, a short period of time when companies offer employees the opportunity to make changes to their health insurance and other benefits for the next year. In some cases, your choices this fall could potentially save you hundreds of dollars in 2015.
But you have to take action right now.
Workplace benefits can be complex and confusing to navigate for the nearly 150 million Americans are covered under employer-sponsored health plans. Yet, taking time to ensure that the plan you selected last year is still appropriate for you and your family can potentially save you hundreds of dollars. If you or your dependents have had a change in their health status, you need to consider the out-of-pocket costs and possibly change your plan.
"Determine if you and any dependents on your plan are a high health-care user or low health-care user," said physician and certified financial planner Carolyn McClanahan of Life Planning Partners in Jacksonville, Florida. "Do you visit the doctor only if you're so sick you have to be taken by an ambulance or do you frequent your practitioner every time you get a cough? If you go to the doctor a lot or have a lot of prescriptions, then most likely a lower deductible plan (with higher premiums) is a better option for you. If you rarely go, then likely a high deductible plan (with lower premiums) will be the best option."
Here are three strategies to help you save a little more on health-care costs:
1. Get a discount or bonus with health-care incentives.
Check if your employer is offering any cash incentives for taking extra steps towards your health, such as filling out a health questionnaire, taking a biometric screening, or certifying that you are a non-tobacco user,  said Tracy Watts, a Washington, D.C.-based senior partner at the global consulting firm Mercer.
There are also additional charges to keep in mind. Some employers have a spousal surcharge. So if your spouse has access through his or her employer and they choose not to take it and go on your insurance instead, your employer may charge you extra. Having separate plans could save you money.
2. Carry over $500 in a Flexible Spending Account to next year.
A Flexible Spending Account (FSA) allows you to contribute money from your paycheck to a special fund that can be used for eligible heath-care expenses. Your contributions are made pre-tax, which saves you money, and can be used for medical expenses and dependent care, including child-care costs. Some employees have been wary of FSAs since unused funds generally expire.
But there's been a change to the "use it or lose it" rule: Many employers now offer the ability to carry over $500 of unused FSA money into the next year.
3. Put away money in a Health Savings Account for now, or later.
A Health Savings Account (HSA) is for people enrolled in high-deductible health plans. Contributions are also made pre-tax and what you don't use in a given year will carry over to the next plan year. You can even take your HSA with you when you change jobs. The maximum contribution in 2015 for an HSA is $3,350 for individuals and $6,650 for families. Catch-up contributions for those age 55 or older are $1,000.
You can have an HSA even if your employer doesn't offer one. The only caveat is that you must be enrolled in a high-deductible health plan.
"If you've done that, anyone can open an account with a bank or broker. Plus it has a triple tax advantage," Watts said.
You don't pay taxes on the money going into an HSA, funds grow on tax-deferred, and you can use the money tax-free to pay for qualified medical expenses.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Frankfurt Exchange s China Dream Turns to NightmareThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Frankfurt/Shanghai: When Deutsche Boerse set off eight years ago to lure Chinese companies to Germany with fast listings and low fees, it dreamed of one day landing a giant like Alibaba.
But as the New York Stock Exchange basks in the $22 billion debut of the Chinese e-commerce company, the German exchange operator is licking its wounds after a raft of scandals involving Chinese firms listed in Frankfurt.
Investors are wondering how to seek redress and what can be done to prevent it happening again.
In the latest and most bizarre case, Ultrasonic, a small Chinese shoemaker listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, announced last week that Wu Qingyong, the company's chief executive, and his son had disappeared, along with $60 million from the company's bank account.
Late on Sunday Wu resurfaced, saying in a video interview shown by Chinese news outlet Sina that he had simply been on holiday with his grandson and had lost his mobile phone. On Monday, Ultrasonic said Wu had contacted the group's finance chief to say he would return to the company, along with the money.
Ultrasonic's shares more than doubled to around 2.30 euros in Frankfurt on Monday, but were still more than 60 per cent down from where they began last week.
It was the third time that shares in a Chinese firm listed in Germany have collapsed amid accusations of wrongdoing.
The Frankfurt Stock Exchange says it has rigorous listing standards to protect investors from fraud, but the scandals suggest that in the drive to win Chinese listings in the face of tough competition from New York and London, officials in Frankfurt may not have fully appreciated the risks.
Maserati
With little hope of any compensation from China, a member of German private investor lobby SdK has suggested investors should consider taking auditors and underwriting banks to court.
The company's auditors declined to comment and Frankfurt-based brokerage BankM, lead manager in all three listings, or IPOs, said there was no way it could have known.
"This is a total catastrophe," said Thomas Stewens, head of corporate strategy and communications for BankM, which staked its reputation in part on the Chinese listings. "It's unimaginable how this could come to pass."
There were few signs that anything at Ultrasonic was amiss, Stewens told Reuters. "We were in China regularly, certainly 20 times over the past few years, and we regularly checked production on site," he said.
Qingyong Wu, the chief executive, seemed to live entirely for his company. His son, chief operating officer Minghong Wu, was also part of the family operation.
"Then the son bought himself a Maserati. We had to ask: "Is that really necessary?" But we had no way of knowing that there was an outbreak of megalomania," Stewens said.
Japanese bank Nomura's decision to give the company a $60 million unsecured credit facility also indicates that nothing seemed to be amiss. People involved in the loan talks said the bank did exhaustive background checks.
Questions
The scandals have brought pressure for change in a corporate governance system designed to claw back funds from wrongdoers based in Germany rather than overseas.
Prosecutors in Cologne, Germany, where Ultrasonic has its legal headquarters, said they had not yet been contacted by the company about launching a criminal investigation.
The bourse says it has 25 Chinese companies listed on the exchange. For many, the executives are legally liable in Germany but the majority of their funds and their underlying business are abroad and subject to a different legal system.
Ultrasonic's supervisory board chairman told Reuters it was trying to gain access to the company's accounts in Hong Kong and China, where Wu Qingyong is still the legal representative with power of attorney over local funds, even though he had been dismissed as CEO of the Frankfurt holding company.
Ultrasonic said its system of corporate governance was not to blame for the disappearance of the funds.
"In the case of fraud or breach of fiduciary trust, its not about whether the framework was faulty, it is about how it was possible for Mr Wu to make obviously fraudulent bank transfers to private accounts," supervisory board chairman Johannes Mauser said in an e-mailed statement on Sunday, a day before the company said Wu had pledged to repatriate the funds.
Ultrasonic was trying to replace Wu Qingyong as the legal representative in China and Hong Kong, Mauser said in the statement on Sunday. Wu could not be reached for comment.
Red flag
Last year, Deutsche Boerse suspended its aggressive marketing strategy in China, disappointed in its hopes of winning top listings like Alibaba and, according to some officials, worried about reputational damage.
Its suspension followed a change in the management at the bourse, said a source familiar with the exchange's thinking who declined to be named.
The source said the new management did a cost benefit analysis to gauge the likelihood of landing huge IPOs vs the likelihood of additional scandals. They concluded it was best to drop doing roadshows in Shanghai to solicit China companies.
An October 2013 update of study commissioned by the bourse on the China market to use in marketing materials to prospective listing companies and investors hinted at the problem.
It observed: "Greater China reported a significantly lower number of IPOs during 2013, after the Chinese regulator suspended the listing of new shares in the mainland in October 2012, following reports of fraudulent accounting practices by previously listed companies."
The "China Market Study," by research firm The Smart Cube, said Deutsche Boerse's listing process took less than 12 months, compared with up to five years on Chinese stock exchanges and from three to 24 months at other big exchanges in Europe and the United States.
The listing fee for Deutsche Boerse's prime standard was 5,500 euros ($7,055), compared with listing fees for other exchanges, which ranged from 65,000 euros to 489,100 euros, it said.
Although the study was published on the exchange's website, some investors in the Chinese companies lured by Deutsche Boerse appear to have been unaware how big the potential risks were.
One top 10 Ultrasonic shareholder described the event as a bolt of lightning from a clear blue sky.
"Who could imagine that somebody would run off with the company's entire treasury?" said the investor, who declined to be named as his company prepares a coordinated response with other European investors.
Juergen Kurz, a spokesman for DSW, Germany's oldest and largest association for private investors, described Chinese companies as "tricky".
"The 'China' label helps them tap money but investors should be extremely cautious because it is so difficult to influence things after they have gone wrong."
Never again
A senior stock exchange lawyer said that was a loophole that needs to be tightened. Some of the Chinese executives feel they will not be pursued at home if they commit a crime in Germany, the lawyer told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
"What needs to happen now is that the system of redress for shareholders needs to become as international as the companies listed on the Frankfurt Exchange," he said.
"But that can only happen if the Chinese authorities take incidents like this seriously."
China's Securities Regulatory Commission in Beijing could not be reached for comment. The publicity and propaganda office at the Jinjiang public security bureau, declined to comment. The Jinjiang government referred calls on the issue to the publicity and propaganda office of the Jinjiang municipal Communist Party committee, but calls to that office went unanswered.
BankM also wants tougher regulatory action in both China and Germany by connecting authorities in both countries, hoping this will increase pressure on Chinese companies, Stewens said. "Fundamentally, it would be welcome if there were international regulatory cooperation," he said.
BankM underwrote the listing of Youbisheng Green Paper, which initiated insolvency proceedings earlier this year after its CEO went absent without explanation.
Chinese fashion group Kinghero, also underwritten by BankM, accused its former chief executive of breach of fiduciary trust back in January and later delisted.
Ultrasonic's German auditors, BDO, declined to comment, saying they had only recently been appointed and were not allowed to discuss an ongoing client relationship. Warth & Klein Grant Thornton, the company's previous auditors, said they never comment on individual client relationships.
"We are in a difficult situation" said Ultrasonic finance chief Chi Kwong Clifford Chan, who on September 16 sounded the alarm in an urgent notice to investors.
Efforts to contact other company officials in Germany were unsuccessful. "I'm not authorised to speak to you, we only collect the mail," said a female employee at Duesseldorf-based auditing and advisory firm BPG mbH, listed as the relevant address for Ultrasonic in Germany on its regulatory statement.
Businessman Peter Klee, 57, told Reuters he bought 1,000 Ultrasonic shares in 2011 for around 9,000 euros. He is urging Germany's small shareholder association SdK to press for a ban on any Chinese company from listing in Frankfurt until shareholders of Ultrasonic and other scandals are compensated.
"I'll never buy Chinese shares again," he said.
(1 US dollar = 0.7796 euro)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Miner BHP Billiton to Cut 700 Jobs in AustraliaYou are here: Home Corporates
Miner BHP Billiton to Cut 700 Jobs in Australia
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Sydney: Anglo-Australian mining giant BHP Billiton said Tuesday it would lay off 700 workers at coal operations in central Queensland as it seeks cost efficiencies, with weakening demand from China sending prices tumbling.
The move comes as BHP executives have emphasised the need to reduce costs and maximise productivity in order to ensure long-term viability.
The BHP Billiton-Mitsubishi Alliance, which has seven mines in the resource-rich Bowen Basin, said the job losses were needed to "deliver further cost reductions and productivity improvements and remain viable for the long-term".
"BMA will reduce its workforce by approximately 700 roles and consultation will occur with employees, contractors and their representatives in coming weeks," it said in a statement.
The joint venture is the world's biggest exporter of steelmaking coal.
The decision comes after a review of the mines found that the number of jobs was greater than required, BMA added.
"With our ongoing focus on improving the productivity and global competitiveness of our business, we continue to assess the most effective way of safely operating our assets both now and into the future," BMA asset president Lucas Dow said.
BHP Billiton owns 50 per cent of BMA, which it said is the largest employer in the Bowen Basin with more than 10,000 employees and contractors at its operations, most of which are open-cut mines.
The announcement follows the loss of more than 160 jobs at a coal mine in New South Wales state in July and 500 jobs in BHP's iron ore division earlier this year.
The miners' union in Australia attacked the job losses as "ruthless and unnecessary", accusing BHP of contributing to the global oversupply of coal, which had caused prices to collapse.
"BHP is spearheading the drive by the multinational coal producers to increase production at lower prices -- they are driving the oversupply we are seeing on global markets," said Andrew Vickers from the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union.
The union said it understood some 562 of the positions being axed were production jobs, adding that the cuts would devastate central Queensland.
"BHP has profited enormously from central Queensland resources over many years, but today they are showing their true colours as a ruthless multinational corporation," Vickers said.
The announcement comes at a time of growing momentum towards low-carbon power production to fight climate change.
On Monday the Rockefellers, the first family of oil, announced they will reduce exposure to fossil fuels as much as possible and end all investments in coal and tar sands by the end of the year.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:39 (IST)

Today in pics: White tiger mauls youth to deathpicture  others
Today in pics: White tiger mauls youth to death
A white tiger at Delhi Zoo mauled to death a youth after he fell into its enclosure on Tuesday afternoon. Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn’t get too close to the outdoor enclosure, the man eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said National Zoological Park spokesman Riyaz Ahmed Khan. (Source: PTI)
Policemen inspect the body of the man who was killed by a white tiger at the zoo in New Delhi. The white tiger killed the man who climbed over a fence and jumped into the animal's enclosure Tuesday, a spokesman said. (Source: AP)
Workers carry the body of the student who was killed by a white tiger past its cage at the zoo. (Source: AP)
The student was killed by the tiger after he fell in its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo. (Source: PTI)
United Hindu Front activists stage a protest demonstration against the alleged 'Love Jihad' movement at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on September 23. (Source: PTI)
The activists shout slogans during the protest demonstration against 'Love Jihad'. (Source: PTI)
United Hindu Front activists trying to break police barricades while protesting against 'Love Jihad'. (Source: PTI)
Hindus offering water to the soul of their deceased ancestors on the banks of Banganga in Mumbai on the occasion of Sarva Pitri Amavasya to mark the end of Pitrupaksha.
Having food on the 'patras' is also one of the rituals.
People performing 'pooja' and rituals for their deceased ancestors.
Related

Amazon.in Launches Release Day DeliveryYou are here: Home Corporates
Amazon.in Launches Release Day Delivery
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 22:50 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Bangalore: Amazon.in on Monday announced the launch of Release Day Delivery (RDD), a service committed to delivering new product offerings to customers on the day of their launch.
With the launch of the service, Amazon.in customers can now pre-order and receive some of the most eagerly awaited new products at their doorstep on the day of release, the company said.
The service is launched with the release of Xbox One. This means hundreds of customers who had pre-booked the Xbox One in 35+ cities have started receiving their deliveries today, it added.
"We know how eager customers are to lay their hands on new releases. We cannot think of a better way to 'Deliver Smiles'. We are absolutely delighted by the response we got and look forward to offering more delightful experiences for our customers," said Amit Agarwal, vice president and country manager at Amazon India.
Amazon.in has enabled Release Day Delivery for the video games category at launch and will soon be adding other categories.
The release said taking this one step further, Amazon.in on Tuesday delighted several customers of Xbox One across India with midnight deliveries (a little after 12:00 am) earlier on Tuesday.
Xbox One was released at 00.01 hours in India on Tuesday.
The midnight deliveries were made to customers in Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Ahmedabad and Nagpur who had pre- booked the product.
Amazon Logistics has enabled this on the back of specially designed operational processes to ensure adherence to strict embargo levels, it added.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 21:47 (IST)

What Should I Do if an Employee Is a Liarreddit
"The best predictor of future behavior is the past." Sound familiar? This psychological theory has been around for a long time. It's used as a basis for many personality, behavioral, and integrity tests.
Courts of law use this line of thinking to make judgments about accused criminal activity. Similarly, police officers will be more likely to hold someone who has a criminal record, when compared to another without a record, even if there is no real cause.
However, this maxim does not always hold true with criminals where behavioral consequences are very serious and it may not hold entirely true for employees where consequences are also significant.
Research indicates that 4 in 10 people considered to be high risk for committing future violence will do so. That means that 6 out of 10 people do not. In practice, however, there have to be life changes made to make radical changes in behavior.
One psychologist notes that by the time they are in their mid-30s, most criminals desist and change their actions and lives. Perhaps behavioral consequences are better known and understood by those a bit more mature. The same argument can be used for employees with more than a decade's worth of experience.
We need to be careful not to assume that individuals are guaranteed to repeat past behavior. Such assumptions can limit a person's ability to learn and grow. But, how can we know if an employee  is going to repeat past behavior such as illicit drug use, theft, or bribery?
How to Apply This Theory Correctly
Consider the following conditions as key predictors of future behaviors when looking at the past:
Are the habits ingrained or almost automatic?
Is there consistency in the behavior?
Was the behavior observed over a short or long time interval?
Is there similar situational context or is the environment different?
Does this person adapt to change or reject it?
Has the person successfully experienced and learned from negative feedback?
Observation of these conditions can be very helpful but they are subjective and only contribute to making a guess about future behavior. In addition, there are over 200 studies that show that humans are about 54 percent accurate in predicting lying behavior through observation or by intuition.
What to do?
Are there additional methods of securing a feeling for an individual's likelihood of repeating behavior other than by observation and subjective means?
Some organizations use tests and some use technology. There are aptitude tests, integrity tests, personality tests, employment tests, and more. In terms of technology, there are polygraph tests, voice stress analyzers, brain scans, eye scans, and more.
Which is best?
Tests or questionnaires generally attempt to predict future behavior based on current knowledge or on subjective personality or behavioral questions. The outcome of the test will depend on the person evaluating the responses. For example, if you find a job candidate who is entrepreneurial, she may become bored in a task-oriented role.
Technological methods attempt to predict future behavior based on the past actions. In the U.S., polygraph tests are generally confined to doing background screening for those involved with public or national security, such as police officers, FBI or CIA. Polygraphs are also used in prisons/corrections or when a crime is suspected and the defendant volunteers to undergo a test. Most americans don't know much about polygraph examinations because they are not very common.
In some countries, polygraph tests are used extensively in pre-screening job candidates and for conducting periodic evaluations of existing employees.  Overall, the polygraph has been a standard in lie detection since the 1930's.
So where does this leave us?  Taking action is better than none taken. In a future article, I'll discuss the accuracy of today's lie detection technologies.
Note: This article and the opinions expressed here are from Russ Warner, VP of Marketing at Converus, makers of EyeDetect , an innovative, new deception detection technology.
Follow Russ Warner on Google+.
Follow Russ Warner on Twitter: www.twitter.com/russwarner
More:

All-round Hurricanes end Knights  runNorthern Knights winning streak ended by Hobart Hurricanes
CLT20, GAME 9, RAIPUR—Clinical Hobart win by 86 runs.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014 11:15 PM IST
Tweet
0
Hobart Hurricanes 178 for 3 (Blizzard 62, Malik 45*) beat Northern Knights 92 (Styris 37, Hilfenhaus 3-14, Bollinger 3-22) by 86 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Hilfenhaus destroyed the Knights top-order to end the contest.
A calculated performance with the bat and ball helped Hobart Hurricanes rout Northern Knights by 86 runs in Raipur, keeping their chances of taking a knock-out spot alive.
While Knights' decision to bowl first after winning the toss seemed to have provided them with an advantage - given their recent form and knowledge of conditions in Raipur - Hurricanes made it work in their favour with key contributions from Tim Paine , Aiden Blizzard and Shoaib Malik . Blizzard and Malik added 100 runs for the third wicket and combined the dexterity of their strokeplay with smart batting in dew-heavy conditions to propel Hurricanes to 178 for 3.
Tim Southee and Trent Boult have been one of the most successful new-ball pairs in the tournament so far. Prior to this game, the pair had 13 wickets between them at less than 10 runs apiece but the rest of the Knights bowling line-up had not quite matched them effectively.
Five overs into their innings, Hurricanes appeared to be in a rut but Paine switched gears dramatically once the threat of Southee and Boult had been dealt with and the likes of Scott Kuggeleijn, Ish Sodhi and Jono Boult stepped in. Where the first five overs of the innings had seen the Hurricanes hobble to 20 for 1, the next five saw them accumulate 45 swift runs to quickly catch up with a healthy scoring rate.
Dew became an important factor as the game progressed and with the Knights bowlers struggling for grip and control, it became easier for Malik and Blizzard to build on Paine's efforts.
As in the game against Cape Cobras, Aiden Blizzard was the lucky recipient of a reprieve, this time from Sodhi who failed to hold on to a caught-and-bowled chance. Blizzard was on 2 off 3 balls and he took his time settling into the partnership, allowing Malik to steer the innings initially. The second half of their century stand - which came off 50 balls - had Blizzard pulling out the shots, and he stormed to his fifth T20 fifty during an over in which he stroked five fours off Trent Boult. By the time Boult and Southee returned to the attack, towards the end of the innings, there was little they could do to stop Hurricanes from amassing 76 off the last five overs.
While Blizzard spent some time settling down at the crease, Malik kept the innings going with deft footwork and quick wrists. The batsman had had a disappointing run with Hurricanes, but the form that had made him one of the top run-getters in the recent Caribbean Premier League came to the fore as he carved boundaries square on either side of the wicket and in the third-man region.
Hurricanes' bowling strategy paid off equally well as they opened the bowling with Ben Hilfenhaus and Joe Mennie . The ground staff in Raipur had worked hard to remove some of the dew during the innings break and it was imperative for Hurricanes to get the early wickets, to break into a middle order of a line-up that had been largely bolstered by the form of its top order. Mennie, in his third game for the side, provided the first breakthrough and he had some help from Ben Laughlin who pulled off an astonishing catch at point.
Then Hilfenhaus rattled the Knights chase, striking twice in an over to remove Kane Williamson - out playing a slog - and Daniel Flynn. A couple of overs later, BJ Watling missed a full toss and was adjudged lbw and despite Styris' efforts at stitching together partnerships, the team couldn't recover from a position of 19 for 4. Hilfenhaus finished with his best T20 figures of 3 for 14, while Mennie, Xavier Doherty and Doug Bollinger also chipped in with wickets. Styris became the second allrounder, after Kieron Pollard , to score more than 4000 runs and take more than 100 wickets in T20s during his 27-ball 37 and that perhaps was the brightest spark on an otherwise disappointing day for Knights.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Govt to give boost to inland waterwaysUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:16 IST
Govt to give boost to inland waterways
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan (left), Union Minister for Road Transport and Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari (centre) and ICICI Bank MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar at the CII National Council meeting in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
waterway and maritime transport
To reduce transportation cost, curb pollution
The Union Government has decided to give a boost to inland waterways in a big way to reduce the cost of transportation as well as to curb pollution. This was stated by Union Minister of Road Transport & Highways, Shipping, Rural Development and Drinking Water & Sanitation Nitin Gadkari at a Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) meeting here on Tuesday.
“Road sector is very important for us but inland waterways need to be developed as it is much more economical as compared to road and rail transport. And for this, the major rivers of the country need to be connected. We want to encourage inland water transport. A new sector can come up and this can provide large scale employment,” Mr. Gadkari said.
He said that the ministry had also been focussing on the ports sector. He said for road development the government was considering to use cement instead of bitumen to bring down construction cost. “We know that cement manufacturers will jack up prices the moment they see an opportunity in large scale consumption of cement in the road sector. To deal with this, we are talking to cement companies to buy out their entire production at affordable prices by making upfront payment,” Mr. Gadkari said.
The Minister said private sector was shying away from public private partnership (PPP) projects primarily because of high interest rates and reluctance of banks to fund such projects.
“In this situation, foreign investment can prove to be the best source for low-cost funding. We have started considering awarding contracts through the engineering procurement and construction (EPC) route to instil confidence in private players and boost to PPP projects,” Mr. Gadkari said.
Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan while addressing the gathering invited investment in food processing industry, tourism and skill development.

Google joins hands with Govt to realise Modi s plan for a Digital IndiaGoogle joins hands with Govt to realise Modi's plan for a Digital India
Our Bureau
To launch app development contest with MyGov citizen engagement platform
New Delhi, Sept 22:  
Google is partnering the Government in developing a mobile application for the Prime Minister's Office. The application will be developed through a contest.
This is part of supporting the Prime Minister’s vision for a Digital India. The contest will be launched jointly byGoogle and MyGov, the citizen engagement platform of the Government. The mobile app aims to bring the PMO to every citizen and the contest will showcase how Indians can build a world-class app.
Google India will also continue to build a vibrant language ecosystem online and help the Government transition into the increasingly ‘mobile’ India.
Google is working with DeitY and other State Governments to develop these initiatives, the company said.
Programmes such as Helping Women get Online, getting Indian SMEs Online and showcasing India’s rich heritage and culture online will further promote the digital empowerment of citizens.
Additionally, to encourage digital literacy and Internet safety, Google is also introducing curriculums for schools, officials and elected representatives.
Rajan Anandan, Vice-President and Managing Director, Google India said, “India is already home to the third largest number of Internet users globally with 245 million users as of June 2014. We are on track to become the second largest user market by 2015 and a 500 million-user market by 2016. Yet, there are more than a billion people who will need to be brought online for India to realise the vision of a digitally connected, knowledge economy. Prime Minister Modi's Digital India programme will play a transformational role in achieving this, and we are excited to be making a meaningful contribution by rolling out several initiatives in collaboration with the Government of India.”
“I’m happy Google is coming forward to roll out initiatives that will contribute to the Digital India vision. I’m sure others will come forward and join this movement,” R.S.Sharma, Secretary of the Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY), said.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Breaking with tradition  Philips hives off lightingUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:44 IST
Breaking with tradition, Philips hives off lighting
Reuters
company information
Different ownership structure for 123-year old lighting business
Philips, the Dutch conglomerate that started life making light bulbs 123 years ago, is splitting off its lighting business in a bold step to expand its higher-margin healthcare and consumer divisions.
Putting the lighting business in a separate company is part of a wider strategy that began with Philips’ move out of less profitable consumer electronics and into fast-growing healthcare markets, largely in emerging Asian markets. The decision to split the company in two marks a definitive break from its origins in the southern Dutch town of Eindhoven, where Gerard Philips and his father Frederick founded one of the earliest makers of incandescent light bulbs in 1891.
Philips, which invented the audio cassette and compact disc, grew into a world-leading electronics company by the 1960s but it has always been ruthless about moving out of less profitable businesses, such as audio and video, vinyl records and TVs.
Unveiling the split on Tuesday, Philips Chief Executive Frans Van Houten said it was not clear whether the lighting business would be sold off to investors, or listed on the stock exchange, but the move would bring better returns for investors.
“I do appreciate the magnitude of the decision we are taking, but the time is right to take the next strategic step for Philips,’’ Van Houten said.
“Great companies need to reinvent themselves, we can do that, we can stay relevant, we can grow and we can stay successful. It takes courage but it’s a path we’ve been preparing for carefully.’’
Mr. Van Houten declined to comment on whether either new company could become a takeover target: “Our decision is not driven by fear of what other companies may do.’’ The Philips split would take up to 18 months and would make it easier for both companies to raise money and invest, he said.
The new structure should save 100 million euro ($128.5 million) next year and 200 million euro in 2016. It expects restructuring charges of 50 million euro from 2014 to 2016. The Philips move is another example of companies overhauling long-standing structures. Last week, Germany’s Bayer said it was spinning off its plastics business to focus on its more profitable life-science operations
German engineering giant Siemens spun off its light bulb maker and Philips competitor Osram last year.

Welcome to the new TV season. Dont panic.By Alyssa Rosenberg September 23 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The beginning of the fall television season always brings with it a combination of delight and terror. A profusion of new programs means plenty of opportunities to fall in love with fresh sets of characters and storylines. But these chances at fresh fictional romance also bring with them the possibility that a great new show will be struck down before it has the chance to hit its stride, leaving with us with a single perfect season a lá “Freaks and Geeks,” or maybe just a handful of charming episodes, like the late, lamented family sitcom “Ben and Kate.”
(Richard Drew/Associated Press)
But as the season kicks off in earnest this week, I want to hand you all the equivalent of a paper bag to breathe into. The enormous boom in the amount of television being produced every year  and the number of outlets who are producing it means that viewers have fragmented in hundreds of different directions, and genuine, mass audience hits are harder and harder to discern. But the rise of delayed viewing, streaming services, binge viewing, awards season bumps and the international market all mean that there are more and more formulas for success that can help keep shows alive.
Overall television viewing is up 2 percent since 2011, David Poltrack, the director of research at CBS, told critics at the Television Critics Association press tour in Los Angeles this summer.  “Now, less of that viewing is live. More of it is on a time shifted basis, and it’s coming through new distribution channels, but the actual viewing of television in the last three years is up,” he said. “People are watching more television.”
Or, as Alan Wurtzel, president of research and development for NBC Universal put it of streaming, DVR use and catching up on television series years after they first air, “This is no longer, this behavior, about a bunch of 25-year-olds who wear black and live in Williamsburg. It affects everybody across the country.” People who have DVRs are using them more, and as video on demand has become a less-clunky experience, consumers are going to it more and more often, up to 9 billion times in 2013. Between 2012 and 2013, watching shows streamed online went up 45 percent.
That means networks have lots of different ways of monetizing their shows beyond simply selling first-run ads and then selling the shows into syndication once enough of the episodes have been produced. Now, they can run an episode multiple times for viewers who want to watch in multiple time slots, make revenue from ad sales on streaming platforms like Hulu or CBS’s portal, and sell whole seasons to Netflix or Amazon, who have started bidding wars over programs like FX’s “The Americans.”
The key is finding which combination of successes in each metric keeps a show viable, and which mix of successful shows makes for a healthy network.
Even Nina Tassler, who runs CBS, the network that hews closest to traditional models of what constitutes a hit, acknowledges that she is trying to look at her shows in multiple dimensions.
“If we’re only going to talk about 18-49, I’m might as well just get up off my chair and turn my television manually. It can only be a part of the story,” she told reporters in July. “The growing truth is that picking winners today isn’t as simple as looking at the overnight ratings. … Event series like ‘Under the Dome’ and ‘Extant’ are both supported by licensing deals with Amazon and international revenue that makes these shows profitable from the first episode.”
This does not mean that ratings are unimportant.
“We live in a world where hits are disproportionately important. So we would love to have a hit of the scale of ‘Modern Family,’ ” Peter Rice, the president and CEO of Fox Networks Group, said at press tour. But shows like “New Girl” and “Brooklyn Nine-Nine,” which was boosted by a big Golden Globe win earlier this year, are ” critically acclaimed, and they get a lot of buzz, and I think the viewing is just reflecting how consumers view things today. … The social and cultural impact of some of these shows is vastly beyond what their live rating is.”
Even in this exciting new environment, not every show is going to live forever. When critics asked CW head Mark Pedowitz, who tends to rely more on digital viewing than many of his fellow executives, what had happened to “The Carrie Diaries,” a prequel to “Sex and the City,” he acknowledged that the show’s viewing on multiple platforms did not quite come together.
“We brought it back for a second season not necessarily because of its ratings but because of what its digital presence was. But after a certain period of time, both aspects have to work,” Pedowitz explained. “You need both aspects. Otherwise, you cannot sustain the show as a model. So that was the rationale. I wish it came back. I was proud of the show. Again, an incredibly engaged fan base. But after a while, it just wasn’t economically feasible.”
Maybe we will reach a moment when live viewing, DVR viewing, streaming viewing and binge watching all count the same way to keep a show alive, and when the platform a show is on truly does not change the calculation of whether it will live or die. But at least we are closer to that brave new world than we used to be. And you can feel a little more confident about falling in love with a new show with every passing fall.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Stolen Jaguar returned after 46 yearsStolen Jaguar returned to owner 46 years later
By Priscilla Riojas   @CNNMoney September 24, 2014: 7:58 AM ET
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach seized five cars last month, including a 1967 Jaguar XKE stolen in New York City 46 years ago.
LOS ANGELES (CNNMoney)
After 46 years, Ivan Schneider's prized possession, a 1967 convertible Jaguar XKE, is returning to its rightful owner.
Schneider was 36 and a young New York trial attorney when he bought the brand new 1967 convertible Jaguar for $5,000 as a treat to himself for winning a big case. He had it less than a year when it was stolen during the middle of the night from outside his Manhattan apartment in March 1968.
"I went downstairs and it was gone. I walked up and down Madison Avenue, then up and down 5th Avenue, and it wasn't there," Schneider said. "I was devastated."
Schneider thought his prized possession was gone forever.
That is, until officials recovered it this year during a routine inspection on the West Coast.
Gallery: The 10 most expensive cars sold at Pebble Beach
"I would tell stories about this great car that got stolen, I bought a Corvette after it was taken," Schneider said. "I have had a lot of great cars since then, but none has been as pretty."
Last month, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other law enforcement agencies recovered the Jaguar and seized four other stolen automobiles after they passed through the Los Angeles and Long Beach, California, port complex.
Ivan Schneider, 82, gets to peek at his 1967 Jaguar XKE, which he last saw in 1968.
So much time has passed since the car was stolen that, much like its original owner who is now 82 years old and living in Miami Beach, Florida, the car has aged. Its bullet gray paint job has now faded to near white.
The two-door 1967 Jaguar XKE convertible was discovered in a container that was going to the Netherlands, authorities said.
They checked the vehicle identification number, which is standard operating procedure for cars being shipped out of the U.S., and when authorities identified it as stolen, they directed the carrier already in route with the Jaguar to turn around.
Gallery: Jaguar unveils its new entry-level XE sedan to go up against BMW and Mercedes
Schneider was in disbelief when he got the call that his Jag had been recovered after all these decades.
"I thought they were kidding me, who would think a car would show up 45 years later. When I found out they weren't, I was thrilled," he said.
The Los Angeles and Long beach ports are the busiest shipping complex in the United States, and custom officials there recover about 250 stolen vehicles per year, according to Larios.
 
Jaguar on the prowl for women
The Jaguar has certainly lost some of its luster since its owner last saw it: The sports car is rusty and scratched and has a mismatched brown door.
In its present condition, it's worth about $23,000. If it were in pristine condition, it could fetch $100,000, according to federal customs estimates.
Schneider says he hopes to bring the car back to its glory.
"I am going to fix it up make it as good as I can," said Schneider.
He estimates the restoration to cost between $50,000 and $75,000.
Schneider is still waiting for word on when he will be reunited with his Jaguar, but is itching to get back behind the wheel.
"I will drive it for an hour a week. I have other cars, I will use this one as a toy," he said.
Schneider won't be the only one getting back his stolen car. Other recovered vehicles include a 1969 Corvette taken during a burglary in Portland 26 years ago, a 1976 Mercedes 280, a 2007 Mercedes E350, and a 2014 Camaro ZL1, officials said.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 5:04 PM ET
Most Popular

Modi US visit: India capable of achieving growth rate of 10%  says Arvind Panagariya39
0
New York: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit on the 26 September, one of the core members from Modi's core team, Arvind Panagariya told CNN-IBN's Bhupendra Chaubey that India is capable of growing at a rate of 10%. He said that in order to achieve this and to put the economy back on track, serious steps need to be taken.
Bhupendra Chaubey: Sir, you have written a book and your writings have been well received in India. Tell me now that there is a lot of anticipation and buzz in India regarding Modi's visit, is there a similar  anticipation in America as well? How would you describe this trip of PM Modi to America this time?
Arvind Panagariya: I think the buzz that I have heard around the PM visit this time is quite unprecedented for an Indian Prime minister. There was a lot of buzz when PM Manmohan Singh had come here as well as during PM Vajpayee visit.
Bhupendra Chaubey: Is it to do with the landslide victory that PM Modi had in the 2014 general elections?
Arvind Panagariya: I think it is the PM's own personality as well as these reasons.
Bhupendra Chaubey: But how would you rate the tenure and the decisions taken by Modi so far?
Arvind Panagariya: At the time when former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was ruling, reforms were not happening, things were not being done, and I was extremely critical of this in my writing. It was not till late 2008 when I was writing India: The Emerging Giant, that I realized how it been executed. It is the accumulation. Even the last 100 days, when you take into account the accumulated steps taken, is not an unimpressive list.
Growth is central, so if the PM does not simultaneously take steps that will boost the growth to not just upto 6-7 per cent but to 9-10 per cent or even double digits, enough revenue will not be generated.
Bhupendra Chaubey: What will the recent Chinese investment of 20 billion dollars and the expressed Indian investment intent in Japan of 25 billion dollars lead to?
Arvind Panagariya: That is why the government has to get on with serious economic reforms to pick the growth back upto over 10 per cent. We have done 8 per cent and I think that is no sweat for India. We should do over 10 per cent and we can.
Bhupendra Chaubey: There are a lot of interpretations out there but do you not think that there is a serious danger of a majority government led by Narendra Modi actually becoming a majority?
Arvind Panagariya: I have said this before, India is so diverse, culturally and religiously, language wise, there will always be checks and balances to counter any adverse effects.
14

Wind Energy Proposal Would Light Los Angeles HomesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Oil minister may discuss gas pricing in Cabinet meetOil minister may discuss new natural gas pricing formula in Cabinet meet
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 12:16 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is set to attend a cabinet meeting on Wednesday ahead of the deadline to raise domestic gas prices by October 1, two government sources told Reuters.
The government , in June, had deferred natural gas pricing to September-end, saying the complex issue needed more discussion.
Pradhan is not a member of the cabinet committee but can attend the meeting as a special invitee. Oil Secretary Saurabh Chandra will also attend the meeting being held before Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits the United States.
A f our-member committee of secretaries, which was formed in August to make amends to a gas pricing formula notified in January, from the ministries of oil, power, fertiliser and finance submitted a report on September 17 on a new gas pricing mechanism.
(Reuters)

Correction is good; invest in midcaps over long term: IIFL08:00 am
The ongoing correction is a healthy sign and the market needs to consolidate before resuming the bull run, says Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL .
The Sensex shed over 400 points, while the Nifty was down over 100 points on Tuesday. The markets have been quite volatile on Wednesday.
Jain feels the markets have been looking for reasons to correct and sees sharp corrections in midcaps and smallcaps. He says that one should be prepared for a 5-10 percent downside in the broader markets and 10-15 percent in midcaps.
On the policy front, he says the government has already undertaken a lot of quality work and there is a misperception that it is going slow on reforms. Jain doesn’t think that a day’s correction can be correlated with the government’s performance.
On near-term triggers for the market, Jain thinks the government may adopt a middle path on gas pricing issue, by keeping it in the range of USD 4-8/bbl.
Betting on midcaps, Jain feels that one should invest in them over a longer period of time, keeping at least 3 years of timeframe in the mind, as they are volatile. He likes midcap names in the auto ancillary and cement sector.
Below is the transcript of Nirmal Jain's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is the sense you are getting about the market. Have you seen the best growth for the year and now you might see the market pause a bit?
A: The market has rallied strongly in the last few months; in fact in the last few weeks midcaps have rallied quite well. So it’s natural that market will look for reasons to correct and particularly midcaps and smallcaps’ corrections are very sharp and swift and that’s what we saw yesterday. However, the trigger was of course Syria and concerns about China but the fact of the matter is that we are in a bull market but there will be intermittent corrections which are very steep and investors have to have appetite for volatility and particularly in midcap and smallcap. Therefore, I am not very concerned about the correction, in fact it is healthy. The trigger can be anything but we need a corrective phase in the market and market needs to consolidate before it resumes its upward journey again.
Sonia: The agenda of your conference looks very interesting especially some keynote addresses and one of them is the oil and gas industry in India-the past and future trends. It comes at a time when we are expecting some decision on the gas pricing issue perhaps later today. What is the sense you are getting about this sector and how you should approach some of these companies like Oil and Natural Gas Corporation ( ONGC ), Oil India , Reliance Industries  etc ahead of this news flow?
A: I have a feeling that the government will take the middle path because they also do not want to burden power and fertiliser companies and therefore the ultimate consumer with high prices and at the same time prices have to be remunerative enough for exploration and production (E&P) companies to continue with more exploration activities as well. So they will take the middle path. I do not know what the price will be. It can be somewhere between USD 4-8 as it has been widely speculated but if there is a firm and decisive action on that and the uncertainty is behind us then that will be good for the companies because they can plan, they at least have new pricing regime in place and based on that they can plan their activities. Therefore, it is good that it is happening. Government took three months but they are sticking to their timeline and hopefully before September 30 they will announce new pricing and that should pacify and this should resolve all the issues with the producers as well as consumers.
Latha: In the run up to this conference, you must have touched base already with a lot of the big guests whom you have invited there. Are you getting a sense that people are continuing to hope that this is a huge growth market or is there some trimming of that May-June enthusiasm on grounds that the government could have moved a little faster?
A: As government ministers meet and infact Prime Minister is reaching there on Friday and mood is very upbeat and all the events of Prime Minister has seen overwhelming response, the NRI and HNI investors are also very enthused. So I think investing community which is HNI as well as NRIs as well as foreign investors are very enthused. So not that every day market has to go up for that. They are planning for that, there are number of India specific India dedicated fund that are being planned and what is happening with this government is that -- at least this is what ministries are telling investors or when they meet people in smaller forum that we don’t want to brief media in each and every activity which is contrast to the earlier government. Therefore media doesn’t get advance notice of what is happening but there is a lot of work happening inside and decisive actions will come out and they have been coming out also. So I think I don’t think there is much worry that government is going too slow.
It is important in a democratic country with a very active jurisdictions that you go with your homework done properly and not that you try and announce things are in hurry and just to boomerang. So I think things are moving in a right direction. If there is one day of correction, people start questioning whether the government is moving too slow. If there is a rally in the market, people say we are back into the Modi era.
On balance, we have a bull market where there will be corrective phases. Foreign investors on the whole seem to be very enthused and more or less story is intact as we have been seeing it for the last few months.
Latha: What are your favourite spaces or stocks in the midcaps where even with all this intermittent minor near term vicissitudes you will continue to stay a buyer?
A: I think there are quite a few midcap names that are good including stocks like Bharat Forge  which maybe down today but anybody who is investing in midcap should have longer term perspective. Invest in midcap at least with three year perspective and not try to time the market. Midcap by nature will be very volatile because liquidity in most of the stocks is not very good. A small quantum of selling can bring the stock down sharply and also other way round. Few days back we were seeing that most of the midcap stocks were up 5-10-20 percent also depending on what the circuit is. Having said this if you were to pick up stocks we should try and look for good names in cement sector because that is one sector that is doing well, auto ancillary is one sector that will continue to do well and other than these one can be bottom up stocks picking in even sectors like chemicals or pharmaceuticals.
We had a Corporate Day yesterday, where we organised mutual fund and HNI investors meeting with ten midcap companies and that had very good response. So I think there is interest. 
One important feature of this market is that after long time we are seeing a net positive equity inflow in local mutual funds who are typically investors in midcaps. Therefore, at every corrective correction one should look at good names to invest and build up a portfolio with at least three year perspective. Do not look at investing in midcap and making money in one-two or three months. You will be lucky but that should not be the game.
Sonia: If this corrective phase in the market continues and stretches out then what could the extent of the downside be. Could it be restricted to 5-10 percent or do you think that given that run up we could be in for a longer ride on the downside?
A: I would be surprise if it is beyond 5-10 percent. I think 5-10 percent is something that one should be prepared in the index and that would mean that in the midcap it can be 10-20 percent. So, midcap will always have higher beta and move either way faster than the broader indices. I think 5-10 percent; you can look at in the market indices and 10-15 percent in midcap is what one should be prepared for.
Latha: What are your favourite stocks in the Sensex or the Nifty at this point in time, if you are playing one or two year game?
A: One should look at basket of stocks rather than just one or two stocks. I like stocks like Bharat Petroleum Corporation ( BPCL ) which is a very efficient public sector undertaking (PSU) or Bharat Electronics  which is a defense play, cement companies, pharmaceutical companies like Dr Reddys Laboratories  and IT companies like HCL Technologies  or T ech Mahindra . So, one should have a portfolio approach in this market because already the major run up has happened and now you look at good returns but not those extraordinary doubling of money in a month or two. Therefore, build a portfolio and look at good quality stocks.
RELATED NEWS

Skipper spikes 5%  bags orders from Latin American companySep 24, 2014, 01.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Skipper spikes 5%, bags orders from Latin American company
The manufacturer of EHV transmission towers has commenced engineering activities for supplies to two prestigious 500 KV transmission projects in the high-growth Latin American regions of Peru and Chile, said the company in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Skipper spikes 5%, bags orders from Latin American company
The manufacturer of EHV transmission towers has commenced engineering activities for supplies to two prestigious 500 KV transmission projects in the high-growth Latin American regions of Peru and Chile, said the company in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Skipper are locked at 5 percent upper circuit on Wednesday on getting orders in its transmission towers business from Latin American company.
The EHV transmission towers manufacturer has commenced engineering activities for supplies to two prestigious 500 KV transmission projects in the high-growth Latin American regions of Peru and Chile, said the company in its filing to BSE.
Last year, Skipper entered into a 3-year alliance agreement with one of South America’s leading transmission operators for exclusive supply rights to all their current and future power transmission projects. The value of the awarded contracts under the agreement so far is approximately USD 85 million, it adds.
Skipper manufactures towers (telecom and transmission), PVC, GI, and SWR pipes & fittings in Kolkata.
For the quarter ended June 2014, the company had reported a profit of Rs 6.56 crore, increased from Rs 4.17 crore in the year-ago period. During the same period, revenues jumped to Rs 205.6 crore from Rs 177.9 crore.
At 12:35 hours IST, the stock, which listed in July, was quoting at Rs 87.45, up Rs 4.15, or 4.98 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange. There were pending buy orders of 8,610 shares, with no sellers available.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

After Salman Khan  Kick  box office success  Sajid Nadiadwala  sells  3 films for Rs 200 crAfter Salman Khan 'Kick' box office success, Sajid Nadiadwala 'sells' 3 films for Rs 200 cr
BollywoodHungamaNewsNetwork | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 16:55  IST
Sep 24 2014, 16:55  IST
 

Supplied crucial components for Mars spacecr...ISRO
("L&T was a significant private-sector…)
NEW DELHI: Engineering major L&T today said it played a significant role in the launch of Mars spacecraft by supplying critical launch systems and tracking equipment for the prestigious project.
"L&T Heavy Engineering had played a key role in ISRO's Mars orbiter mission as India became the first country to successfully enter Martian orbit in its maiden attempt," the company said in a statement.
"L&T was a significant private-sector supplier to this momentous mission - a significant milestone in India's space programme," it added.
The statement came soon after India created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
"L&T Heavy Engineering was closely involved in the project that helped India become the sixth nation - after the US, Russia, China, Japan and the European Union - to launch a mission to the red planet. L&T had supplied the critical launch systems and tracking equipment," the company said.
The launch of the 44.4-metre, 316-tonne PSLV-C25 which was rocketed into orbit using S139 motor casings including the IRS Type mechanisms for deployment of satellite solar panels were manufactured at L&T's Aerospace Shop at Powai, the company said.
The electronic packages were mounted on the upper stage of PSLV-C25 and the heat shield using honeycomb deck panels were manufactured at L&T's Advanced Composite facility at Vadodara.
"The tracking systems like the 32-m diameter Deep Space Network Antenna at ISTRAC's tracking facility was installed and commissioned by L&T's Aerospace business - which also manufactured the antenna's mount structure and 13-m diameter bull gear (made for the first time in India)," it said.
PSLV-C25 was tracked by C-Band precision mono-pulse tracking radar developed indigenously by L&T.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Metal stocks crack up to 14% after SC verdict | Nifty ends above 8000Supreme Court cancels 214 coal blocks allocation; Hindalco, JSPL, Usha Martin fall
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 03.39PM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(Shares of metal companies…)
MUMBAI: The Supreme Court has cancelled all coal blocks except government run non-JV allotments. According to experts, this was on expected lines after the apex court had judged all coal block allocations post 1992 as illegal.
Shares of metal companies Hindalco, Jindal Steel , Tata Steel and Usha Martin slipped upto 14 per cent on selling pressure post ruling.
The court has cancelled total 214 allocated coal mines out of 218. NTPC's Pakri Barwadih block and allotments to 3 UMPPs were not cancelled.
The SC has asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in six months time.
The government is ready to face implications of coal block cancellation and orders auction of mines after scrapping permits, the court said.
Attorney General , Mukul Rohatgi said the allottees have a breathing period of 6 months. The government will be free to auction coal blocks post March 31, 2015.
Coal India has been asked to take over operational blocks for 6 months.
At 02:10 p.m.; Hindalco was down 1.81 per cent, JSPL plunged 6.67, Tata Steel declined 1.86 per cent and Usha Martin fell 5.24 per cent.
Operational Coal Blocks:
Blocks where commencements were expected to begin soon:
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC quashes 214 coal blocks allocation; fines cos Rs 295/tnSep 24, 2014, 07.56 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
SC quashes 204 coal blocks allocation; fines cos Rs 295/tn
The Supreme Court has said that this order will become operational after six months, but inquiry into coal block allocation case is likely to continue.The court said that the allocations are arbitrary and that there were no basis for the allocations.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC quashes 204 coal blocks allocation; fines cos Rs 295/tn
The Supreme Court has said that this order will become operational after six months, but inquiry into coal block allocation case is likely to continue.The court said that the allocations are arbitrary and that there were no basis for the allocations.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
In a huge setback, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 204 coal blocks allotted between 1993 and 2008. Of the total 218 blocks, 14 coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint ventures, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include one block allocated to NTPC ,  SAIL  each and two Sasan Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP).
There are a total of 12 UMPP blocks (including two blocks of Sasan) that were deemed as "not illegal" under the original SC order dated August 25. These 12 were protected from the very outset and the apex court has today clarified on the status of two of them as they featured in the government's list of 40 operational blocks, CBI Counsel confirmed.
The Supreme Court has said this order will become operational after six months, but inquiry into coal block allocation case is likely to continue. The apex court even termed the allocations arbitrary and said that there were no basis for the same.
Further, it has asked companies to stop production on March 31, 2015, and also imposed a penalty of Rs 295/tonne on all cancelled block holders, a loss these companies will have to shell out due to non-operation of the mines.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, cancelled category-1 coal blocks.
The Centre is free to auction all cancelled blocks after March 2015, it said. Up until the auctions are held, Coal India  will carry out the mining activity. 
However, the apex court has granted six months breather to the holders of 46 operational blocks to wind up business. The court has asked them to file a reply in six months.
Meanwhile, the observations and findings of this court on the issue will have no bearing on the CBI probe into the coal scam, the court said.
Shares of JSPL crashed around 14 percent after the verdict was announced. Shares of public sector lenders like  Canara Bank and  Punjab National Bank also took a beating given their large exposure to the power sector. On the other hand, shares of Coal India and Reliance Power  gained 4-6 percent.
Jindal Steel stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jindal Steel & Power closed at Rs 142.90, down Rs 3.15, or 2.16 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 350.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 128.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.19 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 142.79 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.00.
RELATED NEWS

Bought Rs 1Kcr assets since RBI norms tweak: Edelweiss ARCIn an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra, Siby Antony, CEO & MD of Edelweiss ARC spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Anuj: What has been that trend in terms of the kind of negotiations that has been taking place between ARCs and banks of late; if you could throw some more light on that?
A: Nearly 20 banks are in the market for sale. After that shift in the regulatory prescription of 15:85, there have been negotiations with the banks and the pricing is the key because in 15:85, the capital that an ARC has to put in is more. So it is more of a capital business rather than an agency business. So the pricing is the issue and banks are getting used to that sort of pricing. It will become realistic over a period of time. Pricing is evolving.
Ekta: In terms of Edelweiss ARC, how much have you managed to buy from the banks at prices or reserve prices that you thought you were comfortable with?
A: We bought nearly Rs 35,000 crore of assets so far.
Ekta: Since when?
A: During the last one year. The consideration paid by is around Rs 18,000 crore.
Ekta: What is the recovery look like?
A: It depends. Our theme is revival. That is why ARC is focusing on revival. We have analysed some and I am sure they can be revived very well. The recovery can be anywhere near the acquisition price.
Ekta: You have bought loans worth Rs 35,000 crore in the last one year, I wanted to understand is that since the rules from the RBI have changed where the upfront payment would be 15 percent versus 5 percent for asset reconstruction companies since then how much has Edelweiss ARC bought?
A: We would have bought around Rs 1,000 crore. The consideration paid by is around Rs 500 crore.
Ekta: That is the trend we are seeing across the board that banks have now sold much less to ARCs despite the fact that maybe there could be a much more which could be on offer?
A: absolutely, sale has come down. The pricing is an issue. It was evolved. The good thing that have happened in 15 percent upfront payment, the market is maturing and it is maturing towards maybe all cash buyout, which is the international trend.
Ekta: I am sure that you will not be able to talk about specific accounts but I have to ask you about Bharati Shipyard since that was in the news and can you give us a sense in terms of how much have you bought from lenders to  Bharati Shipyard - out of that Rs 8,000 crore exposure that they have and what is the plan in terms of recovery for Bharati?
A: Bharati was one of the first sell by banks on a consortium basis. We bid for it thinking that all the lenders would sell otherwise. Infact, we bought nearly 60 percent of the debt from around 50 percent of the lenders. So going forward, our plan is revival of this company. There are a lot of orders. So what we have prioritised is to complete many of these orders but for executing these orders you need funds. We are trying to arrange funds, it is in the public domain that one of the assets of the company was sold -- noncore asset and some funds are available. So we are rationing out this money for completion of that.
Ekta: What would be the plan for Bharati Shipyard, what would be the other non-core assets that might be sold in the coming days and how much would that be worth and any sort of orders which they would be executing?
A: I will not be able to answer this question because we are doing a complete due diligence of this company. We are discussing with some distressed asset funds who have shown some interest in funding on a priority structure. We are working towards that because this company would need immediately around Rs 200-300 crore for executing some of the orders, which are in the advanced stage of completion. We are focussing on that.
BharatiShipyard stock price
On November 21, 2014, Bharati Shipyard closed at Rs 37.25, down Rs 0.9, or 2.36 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 47.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 22.80.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -40.20 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -0.93.
RELATED NEWS

Microsoft to train 1 mn women under tech ini...Microsoft to train 1 million women under tech initiative
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 04.01PM IST
Tags:
IT Industry
(Microsoft will engage with…)
NEW DELHI: Software giant Microsoft, under its initiative to bring more women into the Indian IT industry, along with partners will train and mentor 1 million women in the next 12 months.
Microsoft India today launched its 'Women in Tech' initiative, which aims to double the number of women IT professionals in India from the present one million in the next few years.
The initiative will include girl school students, young women students in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) colleges, women IT professionals and entrepreneurs.
Women in Tech is designed to help aspiring IT professionals, by associating with them from the time they are in high school till they take up a IT job or start their own IT venture.
"We are incredibly excited to start this initiative. Our focus is to help girls take up IT as a career and also encourage more women to turn tech entrepreneurs," Microsoft India Chief Evangelist Joseph Landes told PTI.
Through the course of the next year, Microsoft will provide one million women access to awareness sessions, training and certification programmes and mentoring sessions, he added.
"Besides, Microsoft Ventures will mentor 30 women-led start-up companies and support them in building connections with the broader start-up community in India," Landes said.
Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said:c "Today, Indian IT industry has about one million women. Our initiative aims to double that number in the next few years."
Under the initiative, Microsoft will engage with 750,000 women in STEM courses in the next 12 months and will also train 250,000 women IT professionals.
Besides, the programme will look towards building local communities for girls and women to meet, network and learn from each other by sharing ideas and learnings across the board.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty ends flat  F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%  Coal India up 5%Sep 24, 2014, 03.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recouped losses in late trade on support by FMCG, healthcare, power, mining and select technology stocks. The Sensex fell 31 points to 26744.69 (which had shed more than 200 points intraday), while the Nifty declined 15.15 points to 8002.40 ahead of September series expiry.
About 1031 shares have advanced, 1928 shares declined, and 102 shares are unchanged.
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.
Supreme Court added that the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company. The stock was up 5 percent. Attorney General said Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held.
L&T, SBI, TCS, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hero Motocorp were down 1-3 percent while ITC, HUL, Infosys, ONGC, Cipla and Wipro gained 1-3 percent.
03:25pm Reaction on SC verdict on coal scam
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "We believe that uncertainty is possibly the worst enemy of growth. We are glad that this is over with the SC verdict on coal blocks allocation. We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation."
03:20pm Crompton bags order
Avantha Group Company Crompton Greaves announced a USD 25 million new contract win for the design, construction and delivery of 16 mobile substations. The order was placed by the General Directorate for Transmission, Upper Euphrates Region, Ministry of Electricity in Iraq.
The key deliverables are engineering and supply of 16 mobile substations containing 31.5 MVA transformers delivered by CG's power transformer factory in Hungary, auxiliary/earthing units manufactured in the distribution transformer factory in Belgium and control and protection equipment provided by CG's automation arm ZIV.
03:15pm Titan shares in demand
Titan Company says the board of directors of the company has taken an in-principle decision to spin off the precision engineering division of the company as a wholly owned subsidiary, subject to applicable approvals.
The board also approved the invitation and acceptance of deposits from customers for jewelry purchases under the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
03:10pm Ranbaxy Labs in News
Ranbaxy Labs says shareholders approve merger of company with Sun Pharma.
03:05pm Jaiprakash Power Ventures tanks 6%
Jaiprakash Power Ventures said the company's the draft scheme of arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric Projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries, for which approval of the exchanges was obtained on June 13, 2014, has been dropped.
03:00pm Godrej Properties in focus
Godrej Properties says it has sold over 250 apartments, with an area over 400,000 square feet. in just three weeks at the launch of its residential project, Godrej Aria, in Sector 79, Gurgaon. 
Spread over 7 acres, Godrej Aria consists of 6 high rise towers and offers 386 apartments across approximately 650,000 sq. ft. of space, it adds.
02:55pm Losers
Shares ICICI Bank, Larsen and Toubro, HDFC, TCS, State Bank of India, Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, BHEL and Hindalco Industries fell 1-2.5 percent followed by Axis Bank, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel with over 0.5 percent loss.
02:50pm Leaders
IT, FMCG and healthcare (so called defensives) supported the market. ITC, Infosys, Wipro and Hindustan Unilever spiked 1.5-2.5 percent. Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla rose 0.4-0.7 percent. HDFC Bank gained 0.9 percent.
Coal India topped the buying list, up 4.5 percent. Mahindra and Mahindra, NTPC, ONGC and Tata Power climbed 0.8-1.5 percent.
02:45pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks recovered. The Sensex fell 7.54 points to 26768.15 and the Nifty declined 12.70 points to 8004.85. About 868 shares have advanced, 2028 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged.
02:40pm SC exempts 4 coal blocks
Supreme Court said there is no reason to save these blocks, allocation was arbitrary, adding out of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said.
The court asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply in 6 months. CBI enquiry into coal block allocation case will continue, SC said.
02:35pm Stocks Impact
Jindal Steel & Power crashed 10 percent, Usha Martin down 12 percent, Sarda Energy down 3 percent, Jayaswal Neco down 7 percent, Monnet Ispat down 6 percent, SAIL down 1.5 percent, GMR Infrastructure down 10 percent and Prakash Industries down 6 percent.
Reliance Power jumped 6.5 percent. Coal India surged 5 percent and NTPC was up 1.5 percent.
02:30pm Analyst on Verdict
Rakesh Arora of Macquarie told CNBC-TV18 that Jindal Steel and Power's penalty amounts to Rs 3,000 crore after Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders.
However, he said the impact on Hindalco Industries will be minimal.
02:25pm SC Verdict
Supreme Court order will become operational after 6 months. Attorney General said companies will have to stop production on March 31, 2015. SC says six months period is given for government to make alternate arrangements.
Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty is imposed on all cancelled block holders. Supreme Court says the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which is a beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company.
Attorney General says Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held
02:20pm Gainers post Coal Verdict
Coal India surged 5 percent after the Supreme Court cancelled category-1 coal blocks except government-run non-joint venture operational blocks. NTPC gained over a percent.
02:15pm Market check: The Sensex is down 134.56 points at 26641.13 and the Nifty is down 47.20 points at 7970.35. About 788 shares have advanced, 2065 shares declined, and 75 shares are unchanged. Hindalco is down 4 percent and JSPL sinks 10 percent. 
02:10pm Breaking: Coal Block Allocation: Supreme Court cancels category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation are arbitrary. It adds of 218 blocks, only four are exempted.
 Don't miss: Market driven by global cues, bullish on ACC: P Lilladher
The market is under pressure. The Sensex is down 45.52 points at 26730.17 and the Nifty down 17.75 points at 7999.80. About 838 shares have advanced, 1979 shares declined, and 82 shares are unchanged.
HUL, Coal India, Wipro, ITC and Hindalco are up 2 percent each. On the losing side are L&T, Tata Power, BHEL, Hero MotoCorp and Bajaj Auto.
Brent crude fell for a third day, slipping further below USD 97 a barrel as inflated supplies and weak economic data from Europe outweighed rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
The European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq and Nigeria overshadowed a boost from China with Tuesday's release of a better-than-expected flash Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for September. US air strikes on militants in Syria also failed to lift prices.
Asian markets closed mixed while Europe is trading flat as concerns on global growth and unrest in Syria dominate sentiment.
13:00

VCU Data Management s director Shripal Bafna resignsSep 24, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VCU Data Management's director Shripal Bafna resigns
VCU Data Management Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company has accepted the resignation of Mr. Shripal Bafna, Director of the Company w.e.f. May 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VCU Data Management's director Shripal Bafna resigns
VCU Data Management Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company has accepted the resignation of Mr. Shripal Bafna, Director of the Company w.e.f. May 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
VCU Data Management Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company has accepted the resignation of Mr. Shripal Bafna, Director of the Company w.e.f. May 30, 2014.Source : BSE

SC sets up panel to assess Jammu and Kashmir floodsSep 24, 2014 at 03:56pm IST
SC sets up panel to assess Jammu and Kashmir floods
7
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday constituted a five-member committee that will make a comprehensive assessment of the situation of the flood-ravaged areas of Jammu and Kashmir and report to the court. An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said that the committee will visit all the flood-affected areas for an on-the-spot assessment of the situation and submit its interim report in two weeks.
The court said the committee will comprise a senior registrar of Jammu and Kashmir High Court posted at Srinagar, secretary of the department of revenue, relief and rehabilitation of the state government, a nominee of the central government and the presidents of the bar associations of Sringar and Jammu regions.
Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi will inform the name of the nominee of the central government within three days.
The committee will visit all the flood-affected areas for an on-the-spot assessment.
#jammu and kashmir floods #supreme court
The interim report of this committee will also be submitted to the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, which can pass appropriate orders that it deems fit. The court said the high court proceedings will not be impeded by the hearing of the matter before it.
1

Former PM Manmohan Singh congratulates ISRO  says Mangalyaan a proud tribute to India s scientistsFormer PM Manmohan Singh congratulates ISRO, says Mangalyaan a proud tribute to India's scientists
CNN-IBN | Sep 24, 2014 at 03:55pm
Former prime minister of India Manmohan Singh congratulated ISRO on the successful entry of Mangalyaan into the Mars orbit. Singh also lauded the efforts and hard work of ISRO's scientists and said that Mangalyaan is a tribute to all of them.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Maharashtra polls: BJP-Shiv Sena to hold core committee meetings today to discuss seat sharing3
0
Mumbai: Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party are holding core committee meetings today to discuss the issue of seat sharing ahead of the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections.
BJP President Amit Shah is scheduled to go to Mumbai on Thursday to hold a meeting with state party workers. Shah is also likely to meet Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray.
This comes after the smaller parties of the grand Mahayuti alliance rejected the BJP's offer of contesting 7 seats. The Republican Party of India, the Rashtriya Samaj Party and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghathana have now threatened to contest the polls alone.
BJP President Amit Shah is scheduled to go to Mumbai on Thursday to hold a meeting with state party workers. Shah is also likely to meet Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray.
On Tuesday, Sena proposed 151 seats for itself and agreed to BJP's demand of 130 seats, but offered only 7 seats to its other allies.
1

HCL Tech appoints Matt Preschern as CMOIT services major HCL Tech appoints Matt Preschern as CMO
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:02 IST
People walk in front of the HCL Technologies Ltd office at Noida (Photo: Reuters)
HCL Technologies , the information technology (IT) services provider, on Wednesday announced the appointment of Matt Preschern as its chief marketing officer (CMO) and executive VP.
"His experience in building marketing muscle for next generation technology solutions and services makes him a perfect choice for playing a key role in enabling HCL's growth blueprint based on new generation propositions," HCL Technologies CEO Anant Gupta said.
Before joining HCL Technologies , Preschern was senior VP and enterprise CMO at Windstream where he led brand management, demand generation and digital content marketing, the Noida-based firm said in a release.
He was also responsible for the product and solution marketing, pricing, channel and field marketing, PR and industry analyst relations at Windstream, the release added.
Preschern has held leadership positions at IBM including VP of marketing for the North America business consultancy services provider. He also played a key role in IBM's global 'Smarter Planet' campaign and also developed the 'On Demand Business Adoption' model.

BSE Sensex falls in afternoon trade on coal block rulingSensex recovers after SC coal verdict, closes 31 points lower
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict , the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crore were invested.
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99 per cent and Usha Martin dived 11.83 per cent, among others.
Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen. Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12 per cent, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19 per cent.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02 per cent, Hindustan Unilever 2.87 per cent, Cipla 2.62 per cent, ITC 1.58 per cent and Wipro 1.56 per cent.
Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Realty 1.69 per cent, Consumer Durables index 1.27 per cent, Banking index 1.08 per cent, Auto index 0.51 per cent and Power index 0.36 per cent.

Eliminating inefficiencies help GMDC reap gainsL. KULSHRESTHA,GM (Finance), GMDC. Photo: Shailesh Raval.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
BEST CFO OF A PSU (MID-SIZE COMPANIES)
Winner: Lavanya Kulshrestha, GM (Finance), GMDC
Lavanya Kulshrestha took over as CFO of Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation in 2005. Since then, his out-of-the-box thinking has helped GMDC to keep expenditure under control and grow its business.

Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal: CCI s deadline ends...CCI
(CCI's deadline for public…)
NEW DELHI: Fair trade watchdog CCI's deadline for public comments on the $ 4 billion Sun Pharmaceuticals-Ranbaxy Laboratories deal, which has raised concerns of adverse impact on competition, ends today.
This is also the first M&A deal where the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered a public scrutiny of after forming a "prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The $ 4-billion deal would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world and the largest pharmaceutical company in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally.
Announcing the public scrutiny process, the Commission on September 4 had said the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. The deadline is ending today.
The comments should be given along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, while adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
On September 4, CCI had said the public consultation process has been launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
The fair trade watchdog had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
CCI has the mandate to ensure fair competition at the market place across sectors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Veteran journalist lashes out at law enforcement  media for injustice towards Muslim youthUpdated: September 24, 2014 16:51 IST
Veteran journalist lashes out at law enforcement, media for injustice towards Muslim youth
Principal Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Veteran Delhi-based journalist, Ajit Sahi speaking at the seminar in Bijapur on Tuesday.
Stating that the law enforcement agencies have meted out gross injustice against the innocent Muslims by falsely implicating them in terror charges, veteran Delhi-based journalist, Ajit Sahi has regretted that even a large section of media has remained part of this injustice by not presenting the facts, and only harping on untrue news.
Speaking after inaugurating the seminar of ‘Politics of terror, myths and reality’ organised by Students Islamic Organisation (SIO) on Tuesday evening here, he accused the media of filing all sorts of stories against arrested Muslims youths without verifying the facts.
“The media suddenly swings into action when they get the news of Muslim youth arrested on terror charges. We began reading and watching strange stories about these men. But a few years later, when the same men are released by the court when nothing against them is proved, the media hardly tries to investigate to find out why they were arrested when no charge was proved”, Mr. Sahi said.
He said that most terrible thing the media and the law enforcement agencies are doing, was not trying to find out the real culprits if the first arrested person has been found innocent.
“This is the glaring questions the media should ask, who are the real culprits if the released are innocent. Where the real culprits are and what action was taken to arrest them”, he remarked.
Mr. Sahi who has made extensive research and exposed how Muslim youths are falsely implicated in terror charges, also accused a section of judiciary of being biased in giving justice to Muslims youth.
Terming some judges of suffering from prejudice about Muslim men, he said who will help innocent people if the judiciary turn blind eye on them.
The veteran journalist said that most of the major political parties including Congress, SP and BSP who call themselves secular, were the ones who have done injustice to the Muslim youth in the States they were ruling.
“The Muslims must understand and come out of the notion that only BJP is against Muslim, the fact is that Congress and other parties too have done nothing better for Muslims in States such as Maharashtra, Delhi, Rajasthan where the party is either ruling or has ruled.
He categorically asserted that 99.99 per cent Hindus were with Muslim while a very marginal section against them to gain some political mileage.
Mr. Sahi urged the people for unity in seeking justice as he felt was the only way.
Association of Protection of Civil Rights (APCR) State convener, Irshad Ahmed Desai also spoke on the occasion.

India to act on climate change on its own volitionSep 24, 2014, 04.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'India to act on climate change on its own volition'
Minister of State for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Javadekar was here yesterday to represent India at the high-level Climate Change summit organised by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'India to act on climate change on its own volition'
Minister of State for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Javadekar was here yesterday to represent India at the high-level Climate Change summit organised by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
Post your opinion here
 
India will take action on climate change not "at somebody's dictation" but on its own volition, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar has said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is "very much interested in climate change and environmental issues. He has proved it in Gujarat for 12 years that both conservation and protection of environment along with development is simultaneously possible," Javadekar told PTI in an interview.
Minister of State for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Javadekar was here yesterday to represent India at the high-level Climate Change summit organised by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
He said Modi's absence from the summit does not mean that India is not serious about climate change.
"We are serious. (Modi) is committed (on climate change issues). We are doing our action but it is not at somebody's dictation, it is on our own volition," he said.
Javadekar stressed that India demands that the developed world "should not come out with new terminology" every time but "now walk the talk" on tackling climate change and cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
"What we expect from the world is that the developed world must walk the talk on the Green Climate Fund as well as cutting their own emissions," he said adding that for India, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) is the real mandate.
While there can be complimentary efforts to strengthen action, Javadekar said that parallel efforts will divert attention.
"We want to work under the UNFCCC mandate. There is scope for negotiations. We expect that Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) are determined nationally and not internationally," he said.
Javadekar said that while India's INDCs will be "ambitious enough", at the same time basic principles of equity are also important.
"All will take responsibility, all will act but responsibility of developed countries is different and that must be recognised," he said.
Javadekar said India expects that the UN climate conference in Lima in December should bring out more contours, more basic framework of the text which will be ultimately negotiated in Paris next year.
"The process of INDCs will gear up by that time. That can be discussed as good practices but they cannot be subjected to any kind of scrutiny," he said.
Javadekar said India will pro-actively engage on environmental issues and will quantify its initiatives and contributions in the area.
On the issue of Green Climate Fund, he said, India wants critical technologies should be freely available, which can save costs but at the same time benefit all countries to develop their clean energy path.
On Modi's upcoming "historic" visit to the US, Javadekar said India has strategic relations with the US and it values the bilateral relationship.
He described the dialogue between Obama and Modi as "all important" that will produce results "which will benefit both countries."
Javadekar said Modi will address the UN General Assembly in Hindi, years after former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee also spoke in Hindi to the world audience at the UN.
"The content (of Modi's UN speech) will be also be very important and not just the format. He makes speeches beyond people's perception, he goes one step ahead and speaks from the heart. He will express with confidence the way on which we have already started," Javadekar said.
He said the Indian-American people are thrilled at Modi's visit and eager to welcome "a leader who has arrived, who has created history."
RELATED NEWS

Mining  steel and power stocks downMining  steel and power stocks down
Love and sun  brings back Tour de France rider to IndiaLove and sun  brings back Tour de France rider to India
General Motors launches new Chevrolet Sail sedan and hatchbackHi Guest
General Motors launches new Chevrolet Sail sedan and hatchback
Photograph: Kind Courtesy, General Motors General Motors India announced the launch of the new Chevrolet Sail (sedan) and Chevrolet Sail hatchback at prices of Rs 5.19 lakh to 7.64 lakh and Rs 4.41 to 6.81 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi) respectively. The main changes are concentrated on the interior which get a dual tone black and beige combination with highlights in silver and chrome. A new 2-DIN music system with Bluetooth functionality has been added, which supports five phone pairings and ...

Property portal CommonFloor raises $30 millionProperty portal CommonFloor raises $30 million
Kishore Biyani to acquire cold-storage firm for food bizKishore Biyani to acquire cold-storage firm for food biz
Supreme Court coal ruling: Who gets hit  who doesn tSupreme Court coal ruling: Who gets hit  who doesn t
India at kissing distance of Mars; Indian scientists script history (Roundup)India at kissing distance of Mars; Indian scientists script history (Roundup)
Podcast: Gold prices are falling sharply. But whyYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Apple sells record 10M new iPhones in debut weekendApple sells record 10M new iPhones in debut weekend
Apple sells record 10M new iPhones in debut weekend
Apple sold a record of more than 10 million iPhones in the weekend debut of two new models, as consumers flocked to stores and Web shops to buy handsets featuring bigger screens.
Apple sold a record of more than 10 million iPhones in the weekend debut of two new models, as consumers flocked to stores and Web shops to buy handsets featuring bigger screens.
Apple sold a record of more than 10 million iPhones in the weekend debut of two new models, as consumers flocked to stores and Web shops to buy handsets featuring bigger screens.
This video is featured in these articles:

A Closer Look: Ways to Hide  Secure Data on PhonesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Champion European innovation to challenge GoogleSeptember 22, 2014 5:07 pm
Champion European innovation to challenge Google
By Evgeny Morozov
Brussels should create conditions where a strong alternative can thrive, says Evgeny Morozov
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5d376ea-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty breaks 8050; breakdown confirmation required: Sukhani23 September 2014
Tuesday
Nifty makes volatile moves with alternate days of gains and losses; Support at 8050 breaks with ferocity; confirmation of breakdown is required with Nifty staying below 8050 for next two days
Yesterday was an up day, but we insisted that we should buy when we get confirmation of the breakout today. That confirmation never came. Today’s decline needs to be confirmed by a follow through tomorrow in which the nifty stays below 8050. Trading Range remained intact in Bank Nifty. Prices are trading very choppy and volatile inside this range. CNX IT is now started trading choppy near its last swing high. We may see a consolidation or correction here.
We have GOLD MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down. Prices are now trading near its last swing low. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidation at the top. We should avoid trading in Pharma Stocks. Stock in focus includes HINDUNILVR, PFC, TECH M and VOLTAS. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Alibaba s magic carpet ride is over  stock dropsEMAIL
AP
Shares of Alibaba (BABA) are down again Tuesday – slipping into 10% correction territory — as investors digest the stock and brace for another busy week for initial public offerings.
Alibaba is trading down $2.17 a share, or 2.4%, to $87.73. That’s a significant decline because it means the stock is now down 12% from the high notched on its debut on Friday of $99.70.
Investors are still dealing with the massive influx of what’s one of the most valuable companies hitting the market at one time. There are additional concerns, including more shares that can hit the market as “lock-up” periods expire. That’s also not to mention the fact that $90 a share was the 12-month price target many analysts were talking about. The fact the stock soared past that level so quickly limited any upside.
Chart source: MSN Money
Adding to the downward pressure is that IPO investors have plenty of other distractions coming, including the second-largest deal of the year, says IPO exchange-trade fund manager, Renaissance Capital. There are 14 initial public offerings slated to launch this week, raising $7 billion.
The biggest deal of the week is Citizens Financial (CFG), the banking unit spun off by RBS. It’s expected to raise $3.4 billion if it sets its price today as expected, Renaissance says.
Another high-profit IPO is Smart & Final, a retail chain based in Southern California expected to raise $175 million. The company runs warehouse-style grocery stores that are designed to give the low prices of Costco, but with a quicker shopping experience due to the smaller size of the stores.
And there’s tech due out, too. Israel-based CyberArk Software provides business software security. And then there’s Travelport, which is a big player in the travel reservation business.
IPO investors are a fickle bunch. When there’s a big deal, like Alibaba, they  can’t think of anything else. But one the party has moved on, there are plenty of newer stocks to chase.
Below are the 14 IPOs Renaissance expects this week:
Company

Google s Eric Schmidt Says Tim Cook Is Wrong  Julian Assange Is  ParanoidAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

WTO Cuts 2014 Trade Growth ForecastYou are here: Home Economy
WTO Cuts 2014 Trade Growth Forecast to 3.1 Per Cent
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 23, 2014 22:46 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Geneva: Global commerce is set to expand by 3.1 per cent this year, the World Trade Organization (WTO) said on Tuesday, cutting its previous forecast of 4.6 per cent due to weak growth and demand.
The Geneva-based body also downgraded its forecast for trade growth in 2015 to 4 per cent from 5.3 per cent.
"International institutions have significantly revised their GDP forecasts after disappointing economic growth in the first half of the year," WTO chief Roberto Azevedo said in a statement.
"In light of this, the WTO's forecasts for trade growth have also been revised downwards for 2014 and 2015. Uneven growth and continuing geopolitical tensions will remain a risk for both trade and output in the second half of the year," he added.
Among the problems, the WTO said, are tensions over the Ukraine crisis pitting the European Union and the United States against Russia.
The resultant tit-for-tat trade measures have notably affected agricultural commodities.
Conflict in the Middle East is also stoking uncertainty, and could lead to a spike in oil prices if the security of supplies is threatened, the WTO said.
And the Ebola outbreak raging in west Africa has also sown panic over its economic impact in the region and potentially beyond, it added.
The WTO noted that growth and import demand was particularly muted in natural resource exporting regions such as South and Central America.
It also pointed to sluggish economic performances in the United States and Germany, which have sapped global import demand.
The 160 economies which make up the WTO set trade rules among themselves in an attempt to ensure a level playing field and spur growth by opening markets and removing trade barriers, including subsidies, excessive taxes and regulations.
But they have failed repeatedly to conclude the Doha Round of trade liberalisation talks launched in 2001 with the stated aim of underpinning development in poorer nations.
"This is a moment to remind ourselves that trade can play a positive role here. Cutting trade costs and broadening trade opportunities can be a key ingredient to reversing this trend," Mr Azevedo said.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 21:55 (IST)

Why Alibaba s Jack Ma Says He Doesn t Need His Sudden WealthAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Make transfers at banks need based: panelbanking
The Reserve Bank of India committee on capacity building has suggested that banks must avoid transfer for the sake of norms and make them need based as per leadership requirement.
“Job rotation in banks, especially PSBs, should not be done in a mechanical manner but through a well laid down criteria.
“Transfers should focus on critical requirement like leadership across the geography and posts that require high concentration of power..., need-based transfers may be undertaken,” said the committee on ‘Capacity building in banks and non-banks’. Banks must avoid transfer for the sake of preset norms, it added. The 10-member panel is chaired by RBI’s former Executive Director G. Gopalakrishna.
It said banks should allow specialisation up to level III or IV so that demands of contemporary banking needs are met. Among others, the report has recommended creating a position of chief learning officer in banks for leadership development, knowledge dissemination and sharing.

As G-sec cap nears  FIIs increase corp bond buyingAs G-sec cap nears, FIIs increase corp bond buying
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have increased their purchase of corporate bonds as they near the limit they can go in government bonds.
The demand is for corporate bonds in the tenure of two to three years which are issued by public sector undertakings (PSUs) and have been given the highest rating by rating agencies.
Earlier this month, Reserve Bank of India deputy governor H R Khan had said there was no plan to raise the sectoral debt limits.
“The government bonds which are being bought are of longer tenure. The FIIs are putting money which will be beneficial for the country. But on the corporate bonds side, it is more of arbitrage funds. Till the time the view on the currency is positive, you might see this trend continuing,” said a senior treasury official of a foreign bank.
The latest data shows FIIs have bought corporate bonds worth Rs 12,252 crore in September so far, the highest in calendar year 2014. The FII investment cap in corporate debt is $51 billion.
According to data from the National Securities Depository Ltd, as on Monday, 47.17 per cent of the limit was exhausted. The government debt (auction) limit had been used to the tune of 98.58 per cent.
“The view on interest rates has been very positive among FIIs in the past few months. There is a very constructive view among FIIs that RBI's monetary policy stance would ultimately help in containing inflation in the long term,” said Manish Wadhawan, managing director at HSBC India. He said high levels of interest rates among emerging market peers had helped.
In July, RBI had raised the FIIs' sub-limit in government bonds by $5 bn, after the existing $20 bn limit was almost exhausted. However, the overall limit for FII investment in government bonds was kept unchanged at $30 bn.
“The rates in corporate bonds are softening. If these FIIs keep waiting for the government to enhance the government bond limit, these opportunities might be lost. The borrowing costs for the highest rated PSU companies in the two-three year segment has fallen. The fall in rates have been in the range of 15-20 basis points in two to three weeks,” said Ajay Manglunia, senior vice-president (fixed income), Edelweiss Securities.

public sector workers will stage a three day walkoutPublic sector strikes held across UK
The government is facing a series of strikes next month after public sector unions voted for a national walkout.
The PCS union, which represents civil servants, says about 250,000 of its members will walk out on 15 October.
Health unions will take industrial action on 13 October with council workers striking the next day.
Unions are protesting over pay which, for many in the public sector, has been frozen since 2010. The government says pay restraint has protected services.
Ministers also say it has prevented more job losses in the public sector.
Living standards
The latest industrial action marks an escalation and a change in tactics by unions as they protest over the government's proposed 1% pay rise, which is below inflation.
The PCS says that since 2010 pay freezes have resulted in a 20% cut in the income of civil servants, when adjusted for inflation and increases in pension contributions.
PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said: "These strikes show we are serious about bringing an end to pay cuts that have slashed the living standards of public servants while the super rich have been rewarded with tax cuts.
"Until we chase down the tax dodgers and invest properly in our communities and public services, the so-called economic recovery will only ever benefit millionaires, while the millions pay the price."
The Trades Union Congress (TUC) is also planning a mass march and demonstration on 18 October, themed "Britain Needs a Pay Rise".
At the TUC Congress in Liverpool earlier this month the head of the TUC Frances O'Grady said the government "was out of touch" on the issue of public sector pay.
The last major protest was in July when unions held a joint national strike day.
The October strike by the PCS will include employees of Westminster government departments and agencies and the Welsh assembly but not members in Scotland.
About 2,000 PCS members in Northern Ireland are expected to strike, of which 1,500 work in HM Revenue and Customs.
Unison, which has 300,000 members who work for the NHS in England, said its four-hour stoppage on 13 October would be followed by four days of industrial action.
On those days, union members would stop working through their breaks and instead take their breaks, Unison said.
"It's not too late for [Health Secretary] Jeremy Hunt to act to avoid this and we repeat our offer to the government to negotiate with us," said Unison general secretary Dave Prentis.
More on This Story

Citizen Financial GroupRoyal Bank of Scotland has cut the price of shares in the sale of a stake in US bank Citizens Financial Group.
RBS will raise $3bn (£1.8bn) from selling the 25% stake, after pricing the shares at $21.50 each.
Earlier this month it priced the shares in the range of $23 to $25 per share, potentially raising $3.5bn.
The Financial Times reported that some investors were concerned about the outlook for Citizens and were unwilling to pay the higher price.
In a statement RBS chief executive, Ross McEwan said: "The sale of Citizens is an integral part of the RBS capital plan.
"Selling Citizens will significantly improve our capital position and help us to create a strong and secure bank that can continue to fully support the needs of its customers."
RBS bought Citizens for $440m in 1988 and subsequently turned it into one of the biggest regional banks in the US.
Since being bailed out by the UK government in 2008, RBS has been under pressure to sell its foreign holdings.
RBS has said it plans to sell its entire stake in Citizens by 2016.
Shares in Citizens are due to start trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
More on This Story

Pharma Shares Gain as Government Curbs Regulator s PowerThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in pharma companies gained on Wednesday as the government of India withdrew the power of National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to set prices of non-essential medicines.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy gained nearly 2 per cent whereas GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals and Divis Lab were up over 1 per cent each. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was also up around 1 per cent.
The government of India's decision came as a big relief for pharma companies.
Due to this order 0.7 per cent of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy's combined sales in India will be out of the price control of NPPA whereas 1.5 per cent of Torrent and 0.7 per cent of Lupin's India sales will get relief.
NPPA had capped prices of 108 non-essential drugs in July to improve its affordability, but the decision was greeted with protests and has been challenged in courts in India as prices of generic drugs are already low in India compared with other markets.
However the recent decision of government will not be applicable retrospectively. So the July decision of NPPA to cap prices of 108 non-essential drugs still holds good, a senior official of NPPA told Reuters.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Prime Minister hails Mars mission success as  historicPrime Minister Narendra Modi hails Mars mission success as 'historic'
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 12:15 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
An elated Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday described India's "spectacular" success in reaching Mars as "historic" in the maiden attempt, saying the country has dared to reach out into the unknown and achieved the near impossible.
In his speech announcing the success of Mars Orbiter Mission , Modi said, "Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won't disappoint us."
As the orbiter was placed in the orbit of the Red Planet, Modi patted the back of Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) Chairman K Radhakrishan after watching the critical final moments with space scientists at the command centre of Isro in Bangalore.
"India has successfully reached Mars, congratulations to all of you, congratulations to countrymen," said Modi, as India made space history having become the first to succeed in the mission to Mars in the very first shot.
"Our scientists have achieved this in the first attempt.
This is first time in the world. History has been created today. We have dared to reach out into the unknown and have achieved near impossible"
"I congratulate all Isro scientists as well as all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion," said the Prime Minister.
Modi further said, "The odds were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed".
"Travelling an incredible distance of over 650 million or 65 crore kms, we have gone beyond boundaries of human enterprise and imagination," he said, showering compliments on Isro scientists for their historic feat.
Modi told the scientists that through their brilliance and hard work, "you have made it a habit of achieving the impossible."
"No one represents this zeal for exploring the unknown more than our space scientists here at Isro," he said, adding, "These are all accomplishments that will go down as landmarks in history."
India's Mars orbiter, the Prime Minister noted, had been built indigenously, in a pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubhaneshwar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
He noted that the spacecraft had been put together in a record time with a mere three years of studying its feasibility, which was matter of pride for Indians.
"India is the only country to have succeeded in its very first attempt," Modi stressed, adding that, with today's spectacular success, Isro joins an elite group of only three other agencies worldwide to have successfully reached the red Mars.
He said the success of India's space programme is a shining symbol of "what we are capable of as a nation".
"Let today's success drive us with even greater vigour and conviction. Let's set ourselves even more challenging goals - this too must become a base for challenging the next frontier," he said.
Modi said Atal Bihari Vajpayee's "vision had inspired us to reach for the moon. The successful Chandrayan mission in turn led to the Mars Orbiter Mission .
"Modern India must continue playing this leading role of 'Jagad-guru Bharat'. Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building. Of translating space technology into space applications," he said.
The Prime Minister told the scientists, "Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers and inspired our future generations."

Canadian auto firm Magna to open new plants in GujaratCanadian auto parts maker Magna to open two new plants in Gujarat
Allison Martell     Toronto   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 12:13 IST
Magna CFO Vince Galifi speaks during the company's Annual Shareholder Meeting in Toronto (Photo: Reuters)
Canadian auto parts maker and contract manufacturer Magna International said on Tuesday it plans to open two new plants in Gujarat.
One of the facilities, measuring 215,000 square feet and employing some 200 people, will manufacture seat systems for an unnamed "leading automaker."
The second, at 365,000 square feet and 400 employees, will manufacture vehicle body and chassis for multiple customers, Magna said. Both sites are expected to start producing at volume in 2015.
"With almost a million square feet of capacity now installed in India, we believe we are extremely well-positioned to support the increasing vehicle production forecast for the Indian automotive industry," said Jim Tobin, President of Magna Asia, in a release.
Magna has several other facilities in India, and 1,600 employees. Once the new sites are open it will have 11 manufacturing facilities and four engineering centers in the country.
In a separate release on Tuesday, Magna and Tata Group's automotive supplier Tata AutoComp Systems said they had agreed to form a joint venture that would supply seat systems for domestic commercial vehicle makers. The venture is to be based in Maharashtra .
(Reuters)

India captures orbit around Mars!Updated: September 24, 2014 20:11 IST
India makes a mark in Mars
Tweet
Reuters Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientists and engineers watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi on screens after the success of Mars Orbiter Mission, in Bangalore on Wednesday, September 24, 2014.
AP ISRO scientists celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore.
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
AP Indian Space Research Organisation scientists and other officials cheer as they celebrate the success of Mars Orbiter Mission at their Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network complex in Bangalore on, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014.
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
ISRO's Mars orbiter becomes first spacecraft to enter Martian orbit in maiden attempt
From 'Congratulations ISRO' to 'Howdy Curiosity' here's how India's Mars Mission scored big on Twitter .
15.02: Nimisha (@nim2391); Bhakt Repeller (@BhaktRepeller); Sherin Johnson (@i_sherin) ask how is the Mars Mission going to impact common man's life.
Executing an interplanetary mission is no simple feat. Being able to do it provides the impetus for more investment in space research as well as could herald an uptick in foreign investment. Expansion of spacefaring capabilities means development of better launch systems to launch more sophisticated scientific payloads, as well as, in the long run, giving India a foot in the door when it comes to hardcore interplanetary exploration and colonization, far though in the future that may be.
14:59: Many Bollywood stars took to Twitter to congratulate ISRO on its historic feat. Read here
14:56: Question from Facebook follower Dharmateja Challa: Will the data will be made public ? It would be great if they do so for scientific community?
Depends on institutional plans for the data because each instrument on the payload has been designed and manufactured by different institutions around India, led by various scientists. If the corresponding institute has plans to release data, then sure.
14.50: Mr. Mallikarjuna Konduri (@elKondorPasa) asks: will ISRO use rest of fuel for gaining a stabler orbit and extend the mission period?
Mission period doesn't depend on orbit stability as far as extension is concerned.
13: 30: Facebook follower Gautam Reddy: Now that ISRO is competing on par with it's contemporaries, Is ISRO having any plans for a Space Station?
There are no known plans for a space station. That would be too ambitious considering the kind of resources such an installation requires.
11.57: Satheesh Sellam (@SatheeshSellam) asked us this question: If we have successful cryo GSLV vehicle, the complexity of taking the satellite out of earth gravity is considered less?
We've had one successful test of the cryogenic engine. It's too soon to say how future missions will pan out, although that one test was encouraging. Also, having such an engine doesn't make it easier in the general sense but gives us the ability to launch heavier - and therefore more sophisticated - payloads into orbit, especially the geostationary transfer orbit.
11.36: Vaibhav Pratap Singh (@NooseVP) had posted a question on Twitter to us asking the difference between ISRO's Mars orbiter and NASA's Maven. Here's the answer:
There are some overlaps in terms of MAVEN's and MOM's objectives. Both are equipped with instruments that will provide a clearer picture of the Martian atmosphere. The Curiosity rover's next phase of operations includes investigating the possible presence of life in Mars' history and this means finding signs of water by looking for minerals that could have formed only in the presence of water. MAVEN will assist in this by looking for isotopic signatures, which is something MOM will do as well. The reason both probes are there right now is because of a certain window that comes once in 26 months that reduces the distance between Earth and Mars, making it a good opportunity to launch probes in this window.
10.45: "The periapsis achieved was 427 km and the apoapsis was 78,500 km. The final values will be obtained after several hours," Mission Director, MOM, V. Kesava Raju says. Read here
10.15:
History is created & am glad to have witnessed it. Will never forget this day! Congrats to our scientists http://t.co/RNbacKjB5q #Mangalyaan
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 24, 2014
10.10: Watch: India scripts history with Mars Mission
10.06: India’s first rocket launch pad, the Thumba Equatorial Rocket Launching Station, Thumba, Kerala, was in a coconut plantation. A local church served as main office, the bishop’s house was converted into a workshop and a cattleshed the research lab! Surely, we’ve come a long way!
10.00: Mars Orbiter Mission: Timeline of events
9. 34: Home Minister Rajnath Singh wishes Team ISRO
Congratulations to ISRO scientists who successfully launched India's 'Mangalyaan' into Mars Orbit. They have scripted history today!
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
9. 20: Now that it’s delivered a payload into orbit around a neighboring planet, the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO, has convinced the world it can also plan and execute long-term missions and the associated logistical nightmares. Read In Depth aticle about the mission
8.47:
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
8.36: PM Modi concludes his speech with quote from Tagore.
8.35: This achievement is far greater than a cricket win: PM Modi
A screen grab of Mr. Modi addressing the scientists after news of success of the Mission
8.33: India is now the first country to succeed at a Mars Mission in the first attempt & cheapest cost: PM
8.29: Modern India must continue. Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8. 28:
Let today’s success, drive us with even greater vigour, and conviction. Let’s set ourselves, even more challenging goals: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.23: Our efforts have historically focussed on ultimate objective of nation-building: PM Modi
8.22: Through your achievements, you have honoured our fore-fathers, and inspired our future generations: PM Modi
8.13:
— The Hindu (@TheHindu) September 24, 2014
8: 12:
Travelling an incredible distance, of over 650 million or 65 crore kms,we have gone beyond boundaries, of human enterprise & imagination: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
8.05: PM Modi felicitates the scientists. "Scientists have gone beyond the boundaries of humar enterprise."
7.59: Occultation over. Mars Mission successful, ISRO Chairman confirms.
Great to hear from you.....welcome to Mars @isro !! #DSNNow pic.twitter.com/6zSrFHj7lr
7: 53:
Occultation is now behind us! Telemetry must have activated. Allow it another nerve wracking 12.5 minutes. pic.twitter.com/HSaNsQ3xdd
— ISRO (@isro) September 24, 2014
7.48: The firing must have been completed by now and MOM must be turning towards Earth to resume communication.
7.46: The spacecraft is now out of range of radio signals. It has gone behind Mars, in what is called as occultation/eclipse.Occultation is loss of signal due to the orbiter being on the 'dark side' of Mars.
7.38: In about half hour, ISRO is expected to get the first confirmation from NASA's ground station in Canberra, Australia.
7.31: All engines of the Mars orbiter are going strong. Burn start confirmed. Scientific community celebrate the confirmation message.
7.17: Burn must have started. All engines must have started firing by now. Stand by for confirmation. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m.
ISRO Chairman Dr. Radhakrishnan and Director and chariman of Spacecraft Authorisation Board Kiran Kumar waiting for confirmation of the Burn.
7.16: Mars Orbiter is now in the shadow of Mars.
7.12: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at ISRO to witness the historic event. ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan welcomes the PM
7.11: Mars Orbiter start of forward rotation is confirmed: ISRO
7.08: The Liquid Engine Burn is set to begin in a few minutes now.
7.02: Here's all you need to know about the Mars Orbiter Mission
6.56: Forward rotation must have begun, ISRO says. It is required to align the direction of firing for effective braking. Confirmation will reach after 12.5 minutes.
6.50: ISRO Chairman, in an exlcusive interview to The Hindu, talks about the agency's Plan A and Plan B for MOI. Read here
6.43: The result of Mars Orbit Insertion will be available only at about 8:30 a.m.
6.35: The orbiter’s propulsion system, called the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
6.31:
(Image courtesy: ISRO)
6.24: An exclusive interview with ISRO Chairman Dr. K. Radhakrishnan ahead of the MOI manoeuvre.
6.19: Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Bangalore late Tuesday and is expected to stay in the ISTRAC complex till 9 a.m. and address Team ISRO.
6.15: Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. today.

Nifty breaks 8050; breakdown confirmation required23 September 2014
Tuesday
Nifty makes volatile moves with alternate days of gains and losses; Support at 8050 breaks with ferocity; confirmation of breakdown is required with Nifty staying below 8050 for next two days
Yesterday was an up day, but we insisted that we should buy when we get confirmation of the breakout today. That confirmation never came. Today’s decline needs to be confirmed by a follow through tomorrow in which the nifty stays below 8050. Trading Range remained intact in Bank Nifty. Prices are trading very choppy and volatile inside this range. CNX IT is now started trading choppy near its last swing high. We may see a consolidation or correction here.
We have GOLD MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down. Prices are now trading near its last swing low. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidation at the top. We should avoid trading in Pharma Stocks. Stock in focus includes HINDUNILVR, PFC, TECH M and VOLTAS. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

http://usat.ly/1v9rLVVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tax refunds will be cut for ACA recipients
A significant benefit of the Affordable Care Act is the opportunity to receive money-saving tax credits up front to c...
Post to Facebook
Tax refunds will be cut for ACA recipients A significant benefit of the Affordable Care Act is the opportunity to receive money-saving tax credits up front to c... Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urtyUy
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
747
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tax refunds will be cut for ACA recipients
Susan Tompor, Detroit Free Press 9:10 a.m. EDT September 21, 2014
Tax refunds will be reduced for some ACA recipients.
(Photo: Tim Boyle, Getty Images)
37756 CONNECT 2066 TWEET 372 LINKEDIN 747 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A significant benefit of the Affordable Care Act is the opportunity to receive money-saving tax credits up front to cut the overall cost of health insurance, but now hundreds of thousands of consumers could owe back some of that money next April.
Those affected took advance payments of the premium tax credit for health insurance. Some married couples could owe $600 or $1,500 or $2,500 or even more. It might feel like a raw deal for some who are already suffocating under the escalating costs of health insurance.
"Health insurance is confusing enough, and now they're adding the complexities of the Tax Code," said Lorena Bencsik, a member of the Michigan Association of CPAs and owner of Prime Numbers in Ferndale.
When you file that 2014 tax return next year, the Internal Revenue Service will compare your actual income for the year with the amount you estimated when applying for exchange-based health insurance under  the health insurance law.
The next open enrollment period begins  Nov. 15. But notices were sent this week to some consumers whose incomes don't match up to such things as 2012 tax return information.
On Monday, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said at least 279,000 households  reported incomes that still don't match what the government has on record. Supporting documents are needed by Sept. 30.
What can you do to avoid tax-time problems?
Experts say people need to realize early on that they should report changes in income and other changes in one's life, such as a marriage, throughout the year. See HealthCare.gov to report "income and life changes."
Of course, many people may have no idea that they'd need to report changes.
The IRS put out some more details on the issue  mid-month.
What should you report? A move, an increase or decrease in income, a marriage or divorce, the birth or adoption of a child, whether you started a job that offers health insurance and whether you gained or lost eligibility for other health care coverage.
Best spots for information: HealthCare.gov and IRS.gov/aca.
Karen Pollitz, senior fellow with the Kaiser Family Foundation, said many people who qualify for these tax credits aren't working 9-to-5 jobs with regular salaries. So guesstimating one's income for the coming year can be very tough.
"It's people in transition. Maybe they're in and out of work," she said. Or maybe they're self-employed.
People who lose a job would want to report that change during the year, as well, because that change can lead to a higher advance payment for the credit.
"Life changes can drive tax changes," said Mark Steber, chief tax officer for Jackson Hewitt Tax Service.
Steber stressed that people need to make sure to update information via HealthCare.gov or their state insurance exchanges.
The Kaiser Family Foundation site has a calculator to help figure out potential tax credits, based on one's situation.
Premium tax credits are available to individuals and families with incomes between 100% of the federal poverty line ($23,550 for a family of four this year) and 400% of the federal poverty line ($94,200 for a family of four) who purchase coverage in the health insurance marketplace in their state.
The tax credits are paid directly to the insurer, if taken in advance. People are not required to take the entire credit in advance. Realistically, if you cannot afford insurance, you'd need some credit in advance.
To be sure, there are some caps on the amount filers must pay back and the cap is based on household income. The cap ranges from $300 to $1,250 for some single taxpayers and $600 to $2,500 for married taxpayers, again based on income.
But if the income is 400% or more above the poverty line, there is no cap and the taxpayer must pay back the full amount.
Rules exist for qualifying for the premium tax credit: You must buy health insurance through the marketplace; you're not eligible for coverage through an employer or government plan; your income must be within certain limits; you do not file a married-filing-separately federal tax return (unless you meet certain exceptions, such as victims of domestic abuse and spousal abandonment) and you cannot be claimed as a dependent by another person.
The actual credit would vary based on how close your are to the federal poverty level, your age, the size of your family and where you live.
Sadly, it's fair to say some people will see some unexpected, unpleasant surprises on their tax returns next year.
Contact Susan Tompor at stompor@freepress.com. Follow her on Twitter @tompor.
37756 CONNECT 2066 TWEET 372 LINKEDIN 747 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urtyUy

http://usat.ly/1vfB1GZFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit.
Post to Facebook
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1slwEx4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
81
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
James R. Healey , 6:30 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Cadillac Elmiraj concept coupe Aug. 15, 2013 in Carmel, Calif. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive coupe hinting at the details of the super-size Caddy under development. Powerplant is a 4.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8 delivering an estimated 500 hp. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
Cadillac 's Elmiraj concept coupe at Carmel, Calif. Mark Reuss, president of General Motors North American operations, says Elmiraj is 'the car Cadillac needs' to 'make a statement.' 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The Cadillac Elmiraj concept car is at the Cadillac booth at the 2013 Los Angeles Auto Show. 
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Fullscreen
Mike Nolan of General Motorsâ?? Design Fabrications Operations uses a blue light scanner to capture a 3-D image of the Cadillac Elmiraj. Designers used the digital mapping technology extensively on the concept car, appearing at the Los Angeles International Auto Show through Dec. 1. 
(Photo: General Motors)
Actor/Director/Producer Clint Eastwood, left, gets a tour of the Cadillac Elmiraj Concept from General Motors Vice President Global Design Ed Welburn at far right. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive grand coupe. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
The emblem on the grille of the Cadillac Elmiraj concept 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
By comparison, here's the logo on the front of a Cadillac Escalade, not as wide and showing the laurel leaves. The Escalade is due to be redone soon. 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Cadillac's  Elmiraj concept has dramatic front-end styling, a hint of which already can be seen on the CTS production car. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac's goal was to create more rear space for back-seat passengers. The back seats and front seats slide forward in tandem to give better rear access. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac Elmiraj concept car has controls, instruments grouped tightly around driver. Cadillac is working on a super-size car and it could be based on Elmiraj. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The first big-Cadillac concept car was the Ciel convertible, shown here at the 2012 Beijing International Automotive Exhibition in China. 
(Photo: Alexander F. Yuan, AP)
Cadillac's Ciel open-air grand-touring concept car Aug. 18, 2011 in Carmel, Calif. Ciel is pronounced "C-L," and means "sky" in French. 
(Photo: GM Wieck)
Cadillac rolls out the Ciel concept, an open-air grand-touring car, at Meadow Brook Hall in Rochester, Mich. Aug. 29, 2011. It suggests some styling touches that'll be on the the super-size Caddy under development. 
(Photo: John F. Martin / Cadillac)
Cadillac Ciel concept car at the Los Angeles Auto Show Nov. 16, 2011, is a four-seat show car meant to suggest some touches coming in the super-size Caddy due within two years. 
(Photo: Kevork Djansezian, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Islamic State jihadi wave seen as  highly attractive  by youth in India  says M K NarayananIslamic State jihadi wave seen as 'highly attractive' by youth in India, says M K Narayanan
PTI | London | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:11  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:11  IST
 

Gold Prices Firm Up Above 27 000You are here: Home Commodities
Gold Prices Firm Up Above 27,000
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 14:49 (IST)
Gold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
New Delhi: Gold prices rose further by Rs 210 to Rs 27,210 per 10 gm in the national capital today on increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet upcoming festive and wedding season demand amid a firming global trend.
Silver followed suit and gained another Rs 500 to Rs 40,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial users and coin makers.
Traders said increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet the coming festive and wedding season demand mainly kept precious metals higher. They said a firming global trend on signs of more physical demand amidst escalating tensions in the Middle East also bolstered the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded at $1,224.50 an ounce from $1,223.42 yesterday and silver rose 0.4 per cent to $17.86 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity advanced by Rs 210 each to Rs 27,210 and Rs 27,010 per ten gram respectively.  It had gained Rs 150 yesterday.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 14:49 (IST)

These ten species may vanish before your kids see themBy Darryl Fears September 24 Follow @bydarrylfears
In their losing battle with television and digital devices, conservationists have urged parents to get the kiddies to the great outdoors . But even if parents managed to pull their children away from cellphones, what would they find in America's wilderness?
A new report  by the Endangered Species Coalition, an alliance of 10 environmental activist groups, says they'll see fewer things in nature than their parents did. Many are listed as threatened or endangered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife. Here are 10 plants and animals the groups say your children might never see.
(Johanna James-Heinz/AP)
Rusty patched bumblebees
These big, fat and cute bees were once the most common bees in North America, buzzing across millions of acres in the United States, sucking nectar and moving pollen from the male to female parts of plants, making them one of America's most efficient pollinators, worth about $3 billion per year to U.S. agriculture. Now they have lost nearly 90 percent of their range.
(Billy Hefton/Enid News & Eagle via AP)
Monarch butterflies
When farmers spray pesticides to protect corn and soy they've planted throughout the Midwest, the chemicals also fall on a food that's cherished by monarch caterpillars: milkweed. Monarch caterpillars are creepy and black and yellow striped early in life, but eventually they become one of the prettiest butterflies to take flight. Up to a billion monarchs once fluttered about from Canada to Mexico, but lately they've been grounded; only 33 million remain.
(Leila Navidi/The Star Tribune via AP)
Polar bears
Being the largest predator on land is not easy. A fully grown male polar bear weighs well more than half a ton, and has a big belly to fill. With ice melting because of global warming and the seal blubber it needs to survive drifting away, polar bears are struggling to survive. They can eat as much as  100 pounds of fat in a single meal, the report says. Many drown attempting to swim to ice floes in search of food.
(AP/U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service/Marvin Moriarty)
Little brown bats
These little creatures are about to head back into caves for their annual hibernation. Chances are, many of them won't come back out. There's a monster lurking in those caves that attacks numerous species of bats, but kills little browns more than most. It's called White Nose Syndrome, a fungus that covers the winged animals when their hearts slow and their bodies go cold during their deep sleep, wreaking havoc on their bodies. The government count of bats killed by white nose was nearly 7 million  — two years ago in the Northeast, Southeast and parts of the Midwest. In Pennsylvania, little brown bat mortality was nearly 100 percent.
(Carl de Souza/AFP/GettyImages)
Great white sharks
Great white sharks are partially warm-blooded animals that slice through the water at up to 35 mph. But their offspring, shark pups, can't outrun commercial gill nets that pull them up as by-catch — creatures caught by fishermen who are targeting something else, such as tuna. Fishing for great whites is illegal because their numbers are dwindling due to mortality at the hands of humans, but there's no limit on the by-catch in nursery areas off California and Mexico in the gulf, unintentionally killing up to 200 young sharks per year, the reports says. Great whites grow slowly and mature late on their way to living as long as 70 years, "but low reproductive rates, small populations, and by-catch keep this species at risk of extinction," the study says.
(U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service via AP)
Mountain yellow-legged frogs
Frogs were so plentiful in the southern Sierra Nevada and Southern California that they hopped on anyone who hiked the gorgeous landscapes of their territory. The vast majority of those populations have gone extinct, "and the remaining colonies have only about 10 adults," the report says. "And it’s all about us; we are degrading and destroying their habitats." How? Frogs are sensitive to pesticides that run from farms and housing developments into the freshwater streams they inhabit. It's a big loss because frogs eat flies, wasps and other pests that trouble humans.
(National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration via AP)
North Pacific right whales
These whales are some of the most endangered animals on Earth. Some estimates say only 30 remain in U.S. waters, but there's no way of knowing for sure. Once they were plentiful, but hunting that lasted from the 1800s until the 1960s took about 30,000, and now the whales are classified as endangered throughout its range, according to NOAA.
(Donald Owen/California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection/Bugwood.org)
White bark pine
White bark does a lot for nature. It provides shelter for numerous animals and birds and helps grizzlies get fat and healthy off its pine seeds. But nature isn't giving back. The species is being ravaged by a beetle that's spreading because of global warming, and it's being attacked by a fungus. In the western United States and Canada, its historic range, 85 percent of white bark has been wiped out. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says the pine is worthy of endangered species protection but hasn't been listed because other species are a higher priority.
(Kim Toulouse/Nevada Department of Wildlife via AP)
The greater sage-grouse
The greater sage-grouse is the poster bird of the conservationist movement. Its range, which once covered 297 million acres across more than a dozen Western states, has given way to development and natural gas exploration , and is now in the path of the Keystone oil pipeline from Canada to Texas. But federal agencies strongly disagree with conservationists over whether projects should be halted to protect the bird. "U.S. Fish and Wildlife supports efforts to keep the greater sage-grouse off the endangered species list" by managing its habitat better, an agency Web post says.
(Steve Ringman/The Seattle Times)
Snake River sockeye salmon
There was a time when 40,000 of these fish with a green head and red body returned to spawn in the Rocky Mountains. But that was before four federal dams blocked its path. In 1992, one fish made it back. Since that time, federal, state and tribal fish managers have spent $40 million in an attempt to restock 2,500 salmon in the river. U.S. Fish and Wildlife lists Snake River sockeye as threatened and endangered in Oregon and Washington.
Read more:

Advertising watchdog upholds complaints against 110 cos including Amazon  Hindustan UniliverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

TPG s David Bonderman says  Narendra Modi euphoria  makes India overpricedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal block verdict impact: JSPL hits 5-year low  Coal India up 5%Coal block verdict impact: JSPL hits 5-year low, Coal India up 5%
Deepak Korgaonkar | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 02:46 PM IST
Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) has dipped 15% to Rs 180, its lowest level since March 2009 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after the Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except for government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV (joint venture) basis.
A penalty of Rs 295/tonne will also be imposed on all cancelled block holders, the Supreme Court order says.
The stock opened at Rs 207 and touched a high of Rs 218 in early morning deals on NSE. A combined 21.42 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
For JSPL, the SC ruling not only creates uncertainty on profitability from existing operational coal blocks (Gare Palma IV/I /2/3) but also on the profitability of the US$2.6 billion investment in the Angul Steel & Power project as the associated Utkal B1 block is unlikely to be allocated now, says Chirag Shah, metals, mining & materials analyst Barclays in recent report.
Among the other individual stocks related to coal blocks such as Usha Martin down 12% at Rs 29.45 followed by GMR Infra (down 11% to Rs 19.45),Jayaswal Neco (8% at Rs 13.80) and Prakash Industries (7% at Rs 61.50). Meanwhile, Coal India has rallied 5% to Rs 352 on NSE.

Markets shrug off SC verdict on coal block deallocationMarkets shrug off SC verdict on coal block deallocation
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 02:41 PM IST
Markets are trading flat in the noon trades with select metal and power stocks losing the most after the Supreme Court in its verdict today cancelled most of the coal blocks allocated. However, buying in the defensive stocks have limit losses.
 
At 2:38PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 27 points 26,803 and the 50-share Nifty has gained 1 point at 8,018.
 
However, the selling pressure is persistent in the broader markets. The mid and smallcap index has slipped nearly 1.5% and 2% each putting lid to an outperformance seen over the last few weeks. Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark index is flat with a positive bias.
 
The market breadth is dismal on the BSE with 2,043 shared declining and 838 shares advancing. 
 
On the domestic front, India's maiden low-cost mission to Mars successfully entered the red planet's orbit on Wednesday and was achieved on a budget of $74 million.
 
Global Markets:
 
U.S. air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares. 
 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares.
 
The dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
 
European equities started the trading session on a lower note, forecasting London's FTSE is down 0.2%, while Germany's DAX and France's CAX have lost 0.5% and 0.1% respectively.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.99/61.00 versus Tuesday's 60.94/95 close. It is trading off session low of 61.05 on custodian bank dollar sales.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty index is the top losing index down nearly 2.5% followed by Capital Goods, Power, Auto and Consumer Durables indices trading lower between 1-2%. Bankex is down 0.7%. However, BSE Metal and FMCG indices have gained between 0.3-1%.
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T and BHEL have lost between 1.5-2.5% after Industrial production growth as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) which was released earlier this month slumped to 0.5% in July from 3.4% in the previous month.
 
Power and Metal stocks are trading lower after the Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis. The criteria fits just 3-4 of the 218 blocks that were deemed illegal by the court in its order earlier. The apex court in its order said that there was no reason to save the other blocks as allocations were arbitary. Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite and JSPL falling between 0.5-13%.
 
The financial segment is witnessing pressure after a private poll suggested that the RBI is likely to hold rates at least until the end of the current financial year. ICICI Bank, HDFC, Axis Bank and SBI are down between 1-2%
 
Auto major Tata Motors is witnessing profit taking and is down 2% erasing all the previous session gains even as analysts remain bullish on the stock. Also, Mahindra & Mahindra is trading with marginal losses after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive". Following the tandem, Hero Motocorp, Baja Auto and Maruti Suzuki have dipped between 1-2%.
 
Oil and Gas majors RIL, ONGC and GAIL have edged down between 0.5-1% on uncertainty over gas pricing issue.
 
TCS, Bharti Airtel and Cipla are some of the prominent names in red among others down between 0.7-1.2%.
 
On the flip side, IT exporters which witnessed profit taking after weaker than expected housing data raised worries over growth in the US economy have gained in the noon trades. Infosys and Wipro are up between 1-2%.
 
Shares of fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies are trading higher by up to 3% in an otherwise subdued market in noon deals on the bourses.
 
Hindustan Unilever (HUL), ITC, Dabur India, Nestle India, Godrej Consumer Products, Britannia Industries and Colgate-Palmolive (India) are up between 1-3% on BSE.
 
Also, fresh buying is evident in Coal India and NTPC up between 0.5-3%  as the Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis.
 

Tube to run 24-hour service in 2015© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26ae97e8-43b8-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC quashes allocation of 214 coal blocks | $328 mn loan to cos: IDBISC quashes allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993
Samanwaya Rautray & Sarita C Singh, ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 01.37AM IST
Tags:
CAG
(The Supreme Court has granted…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court cancelled almost all coal blocks given to private companies since 1993, delivering a severe blow to firms that invested heavily in power stations and factories linked to producing mines, but officials said the verdict clears the air for auction of blocks and formulation of policies to rejuvenate the troubled sector.
The judgment — similar to an apex court order cancelling 122 telecom licences in 2012 — dashed hopes of several business houses, including the Naveen Jindal and Aditya Birla groups, GMR and GVK, which will lose mines, but spared the mines attached to Reliance Power's Sasan project. The corporate sector fears that the apex court verdict will hurt coal supply, erode investor confidence, and hit sectors such as power, steel and mining.
The officials of some companies said they would file a review petition while some legal experts asked why the private sector had been singled out for mistakes committed by the government.
The apex court showed no sympathy for the operators of 38 blocks that are already producing and five that are close to production and said these allocations were "fatally flawed" and the beneficiaries must suffer the consequences.
"It is expected that the government will not deal with the natural resources that belong to the country as if they belong to a few individuals who can fritter them away at their sweet will; these proceedings may also compensate the exchequer for the loss caused to it..." the court said.
The companies operating the 38 blocks will be allowed to produce coal for six months to ensure smooth transition before Coal India steps in. They will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne for coal already extracted, on the basis of the calculation made by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, which was accepted by the court.
Official data shows that 301 million tonnes have been mined from these blocks until last year, which translates into a penalty of aroundRs 8,800 crore, including a likely penalty of Rs 1,300 crore for JSPL alone. The court asked the companies to pay the penalty in three months. Shares of Jindal Steel and Power fell 10%, while lenders like Bank of India, Canara Bank, and Punjab National Bank lost 4.5-5.5% on worries that the decision would result in an increase in their non-performing assets (NPAs).
The bench, comprising Chief Justice RM Lodha and Justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, justified its decision saying that the government was prepared to take things forward even if all allocations were cancelled. In that eventuality, the central government had said that CIL can take over and continue the extraction of coal from 46 coal blocks."...CIL would require some time to take over the coal blocks and manage its affairs for continuing the mining process.
Effectively therefore, it was submitted that even if the allotment of these 43 coal blocks is cancelled, the central government can ensure that coal production will not stop," the court recorded.
Government officials said they were planning to quickly auction the blocks and were preparing a plan to ensure smooth supplies, but industry was not convinced. Issac George, Group CFO, GVK Power & Infrastructure said: "This move will have an extremely negative impact on power, steel and cement companies as an issue that is almost 21-years old is being addressed now and a lot of investments have gone into these blocks which will now get impacted.
Also the penalties imposed by the Supreme Court are very exacting and will take a big toll on the finances of some of these companies, how will the companies cough up this kind of cash without seriously compromising their cash flows or indebting themselves further."
Hindalco Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said he hoped the government had a plan ready. "...Many companies have invested lakhs of crores on these mines. I am sure the government has an action plan and we will learn more about it in the coming days and weeks." CII President Ajay Shriram said the judgement may have been intended to bring in transparency, but it will jeopardise investments made in the sector.
 
"It will raise questions on sanctity of government policies impacting the investment climate. The government will need to expedite reallocating the cancelled producing blocks so that production is not affected in the short term," he said.Suhail Nathani, Founding Partner Economic Law Practices, who appeared for some of the companies whose mines have been de-allocated, said the court order would herald a new transparent regime for allocation of state-owned resources but the process of correcting "the wrong done by the Union of India" will take a heavy toll on the private sector.

Sena can t contest less than 150 seats: Kadam | 3  Mahayuti  parties quit allianceBJP
(The Sena had submitted a…)
MUMBAI: In a fresh snub to BJP, the Shiv Sena has said it won't back off from its decision to contest at least 150 seats in the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
The discussions on arriving at a seat-sharing formula among the 'Mahayuti' partners yesterday remained inconclusive.
The Sena had submitted a fresh proposal to its alliance partners last night, keeping 151 Assembly seats for itself, giving 130 seats to the BJP and leaving out just seven seats for its junior alliance partners.
"Shiv Sena cannot contest anything less than 150 seats. The responsibility of keeping the Mahayuti together is with the BJP. If BJP agrees to let go off five seats, they still have six more seats that we have given up for them," senior Sena leader Ramdas Kadam told reporters outside party chief Uddhav Thackeray's residence here.
The Sena has already "sacrificed" 18 seats to keep the 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance of Sena, BJP and four junior partners) intact, Kadam said.
The smaller parties of the 'Mahayuti' are unhappy with the new seat sharing proposal.
Raju Shetti of Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana said that giving seven seats to four parties was an 'insult' to them, which will not be accepted.
RPI(A) chief Ramdas Athawale was also reportedly miffed with the new seat-sharing proposal and had left the meet midway last night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s IDBI says has near $328 mln exposure to cos affected by coal rulingIDBI says has near $328 mn exposure to cos hit by coal ruling
Reuters   September 24, 2014
Comments
Indian state-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd has close to Rs. 20 billion ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by a Supreme Court order scrapping coal blocks but not all of it will be problematic, the lender's head said on Wednesday.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares were down 5.3% by 0924 GMT compared to a flat performance in the NSE index. The banking sector index fell about 1%.

Sensex recovers after plunging 215 points at midsession after SC coal rulingSensex ends 31 points down after SC coal verdict
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 24, 2014
First Published: 10:03 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Mumbai
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict, the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs. 2 lakh crores were invested.
Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99% and Usha Martin dived 11.83%, among others. Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12%, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19%.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02%, Hindustan Unilever 2.87%, Cipla 2.62%, ITC 1.58% and Wipro 1.56%. Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs. 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69%, followed by Realty 1.69%, Consumer Durables index 1.27%, Banking index 1.08%, Auto index 0.51% and Power index 0.36%.

Draghi Helps Halt European Stock Sell-off; Oil SlipsThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Paris: European stocks settled following a sharp two-day slide as the European Central Bank renewed its pledge to keep monetary policy loose for a long time, while Brent crude slipped further on excess supply.
Bank President Mario Draghi said on Wednesday that policy would remain accommodative for as long as it takes to push ultra-low inflation in the euro zone back up closer to 2 per cent.
But with a weak German sentiment survey also in the mix, his renewed commitment was not enough to spur share market gains following this week's pull-back, and the leading FTSEurofirst 300 index edged down 0.05 percent in morning trade.
"Draghi just reaffirmed what he has said recently. It's positive, but won't be enough to really prevent stocks from drifting lower," Saxo Bank trader Andrea Tueni said.
"Following the string of sluggish macro data from Europe and China that we had this week, the stock market consolidation is probably not over yet."
Investors have been rattled by this week's worse-than-expected economic data from euro zone countries, including German and French business surveys.
Adding to concerns, data showed on Wednesday Germany's Ifo business sentiment index dropped for a fifth straight month in September to its lowest level since April 2013, dampening expectations for a strong third-quarter rebound in Europe's largest economy.
German bond yields inched lower following the data, further underlining the prospect of additional easing measures from the ECB.
The recent soft patch of economic indicators, coupled with a weak take-up of the ECB's new set of emergency loans last week, has increased chances that the central bank will have to resort to other measures to revive growth. "It provides a further signal of broad-based weakness in economic activity and raises pressure on policymakers to address this," said Lyn Graham-Taylor, a strategist at Rabobank.
Brent crude fell for a third day on Wednesday, with futures for November delivery down 12 cents at $96.73 a barrel, slipping further below $97 as inflated supplies and weak economic data from Europe outweighed rising political tensions in the Middle East.
London copper climbed away from three-month lows, although a looming oversupply of the metal kept its advance in check.
The dollar was kept in check on geopolitical concerns. The United States and its Arab allies bombed militant groups in Syria for the first time on Tuesday, opening a new front amid shifting Middle East alliances and sapping demand for riskier assets.
The air strikes in Syria fuelled demand for safe-haven government debt and pushed US Treasury yields lower, in turn halting the dollar's recent bull run.
The yen rose after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe voiced concern about the economic impact of the currency's fall to a six-year low, adding to the sense of a pause this week in the dollar's rise.
"It seems to us - and I think most people - that it's not the fact of the move, just the pace of it that Tokyo is concerned about," said a spot dealer with one large international bank in London.
"(But) it is not a surprise that we're seeing the yen show some resistance at the moment, given the slight pullback we've seen on the dollar in the last few days."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start: Ravi ShankarPrasadPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:25 pm
Government on Wednesday said Supreme Court’s decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks was in accordance with its stand and will enable it to make a ‘fresh start’.
“Basically, the judgement is in accord with the Government of India’s stand in affidavit,” Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said here.
“The government has already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start except for those which are (with) government companies and some other pressing needs,” he told reporters.
The Supreme Court on Wedneday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.

Supreme Court coal block allocation verdict: JSPL  Hindalco  SBI in list of stocks gettingimpactedCoal blocks allocated to SAIL, NTPC and two others saved from being quashed.
Posted: September 24, 2014 4:22 pm
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks–one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects–from being cancelled.
Here is a list of companies whose stocks have felt the impact of the ruling:
1) JSPL trading 11.27% lower. Macquaire sees penalties amounting to Rs 3,000 crore.
2) Hindalco Industries Ltd trading 2.04%. Macquaire’s Rakesh Arora sees negligible impact for the company.
Other metal and mining stocks that have taken a hit:
3) Sarda Energy trading 3.28% lower
4) GMR Infrastructure trading 10.55% lower
5) Prakash Industries trading 7.67% lower
6) Jayaswal Neco Industries trading 6.98% lower
7) Usha Martin trading 9.28% lower
8) Monnet Ispat Energy trading 6.37% lower
9) Coal India trading 5.22% higher as the re-auction prices could be higher
Banking stocks that have taken a hit:
10) Canara Bank trading 4.34% lower
11) IDBI Bank trading 5.18% lower
12) State Bank of India (SBI) trading 2.42% lower
13) PNB trading 4.03% lower
14) Central Bank trading 2.07% lower
Coal Blocks alloted to Govt Cos (SAIL and NTPC) and under UMPPs exempted:
15) NTPC trading 4.43% higher
16) Reliance Power trading 6.59% higher
17) SAIL down 2.75%

Quashing of 214 coal blocks  first effective blow  to crony capitalism: JD(U)Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:09 pm
JD(U) on Wednesday welcomed the Supreme Court’s decision to quash the allocation of 214 of the 218 coal blocks allotted since 1993 and said it was the first effective blow to “crony capitalism”.
“I welcome it. This is the first effective blow to expanding crony capitalism. After this order, action should be taken against politicians, bureaucrats and all others who are found guilty in the coal-block allocation scam,” JD(U) president Sharad Yadav said.
The apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks alloted since 1993. The apex court has granted six months’ “breathing time” to the companies whose blocks have been cancelled to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
Coal blocks allocated to PSU-SAIL, NTPC and two for Ultra Mega Power Projects were the four allotments which were spared.

SC coal ruling: Sarda Energy sees Rs 100-125cr penalty01:30 pm
Not only has the Supreme Court deallocated all captive coal blocks allotted between1993  and 2008. it also imposed Rs 295/tonne penalty on all holders of cancelled blocks. The verdict has dealt a severe blow to smaller companies like Sarda Energy & Minerals . Besides the loss of mining rights, Sarda may end up paying more than Rs 100-125 crore as penalty, GD Mundhra told CNBC-TV18.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Mundra’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh
Latha: What is your estimate of the loss or the amount of money you will have to pay?
Mundra: We have so far mined about 3.6 million tonne of coal. It will be roughly about Rs 100-105 crore.
Latha: You think when the mine itself comes up for re-auction, you would be interested in reapplying?
Mundra: Naturally, because we have all unused plant already in place. We are continuously using for captive use and we will have to go for bidding process. We are waiting for detailed guidelines, once it comes, we will have to respond to those situations.
Nigel: You are saying that the total penalty given that you have mined close to around 3.5 million tonne approximately, it will be around Rs 100 crore, you have cash of around Rs 100 crore itself. So will you be putting that down and if you have to rebid for these mines, what is the valuation you are looking at?
Mundra: It is too early to comment on that. We will have to work it out, but whatever plant is there, we would be in a position to meet those obligations.
Sarda Energy stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sarda Energy and Minerals closed at Rs 213.10, down Rs 5.4, or 2.47 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 402.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 94.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 16.83 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.66. The latest book value of the company is Rs 273.98 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.78.
RELATED NEWS

India becomes 1st Asian nation to reach Mars | MOM operated with clockwork precisionIndian mission will be watched more closely, given that it's looking for methane, which could be proof of life. 'Curiosity' was unable to detect methane.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The success of ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Wednesday made India the first Asian country to reach the red planet. With this, India now joins an elite club of the United States, Russia and Europe who can boast of reaching Mars.
Getting a spaceship successfully into orbit around Mars is no easy task. More than half of all missions to the planet have ended in failure, including China's in 2011 and Japan's in 2003.
No single nation had previously succeeded at its first go, although the European Space Agency, which represents a consortium of countries, did also pull it off at its first attempt.
India has been trying to keep up with neighbouring giant China, which has poured billions of dollars into its programme and plans to build a manned space station by the end of the decade.
Scientists described the final stages of the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, as flawless. The success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites.
India has a robust scientific and technical educational system that has produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors, propelling many into the middle class.
India has already conducted dozens of successful satellite launches, including sending up the Chandrayaan-1 lunar orbiter, which discovered key evidence of water on the moon in 2008. And it plans new scientific missions, including putting a rover on the moon.
The Mars mission , as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost (Rs 450 crore) significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
The launch was complex too. The PSLV rocket had a long coast of 25 minutes between the third and fourth stage, during which all engines were shut off. Once in orbit around the earth, the satellite had six orbit-raising manoeuvres that together lasted for 25 days before it left the earth's grasp.
As it goes around Mars on an elliptical orbit with the closest point around 420km and the farthest around 80,000km, MOM will employ five equipment that collectively weight 15kg to do scientific studies.
The Lyman alpha photometer would measure the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen in the upper Martian atmosphere to understand previous presence of water on the red planet.
A methane sensor will look for sources of the gas. While the Mars colour camera clicks away, a thermal infrared spectrometer will study heat emission, minerals and soil on Mars.
The Indian mission will be watched more closely, given that it's looking for methane, which could be proof of life. Nasa's 'Curiosity' was unable to detect methane.
"It's yet another source of information. Mars is gradually unveiling its secrets to science and humanity, and the Indian mission is yet another means of unveiling this enigma that Mars presents," said space expert Roger Franzen, the technical program manager at the Australian National University's Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics.

Iran puts ONGC discovered gas field on aucti...You are here: Home > Collections
Iran puts ONGC discovered gas field on auction list
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 04.08PM IST
Tags:
gasoline
(ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas…)
NEW DELHI: In a bid to pressure India to invest in a Persian Gulf gas field, Iran has put ONGC- discovered Farzad-B gas field on a list of fields it plans to auction citing delays by the Indian firm in its development.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, had in 2008 discovered the Farzad-B gas field in its Farsi exploration block in the Persian Gulf.
In August/September, 2010, it submitted a revised Master Development Plan (MDP) for producing 60 per cent of the 21.68 trillion cubic feet of in-place gas reserves but had not signed the contract because of threat of being sanctioned by the US which is against any company investing more than $20 million in Iran's energy sector in any 12-month period.
Iran, in February 2012, issued a one-month ultimatum to the OVL-led consortium over the development of a gas field. For more than two years, it did not carry out the threat of cancelling allocation of the Farsi block to OVL.
Tehran has now put the field on the list of blocks it wants to auction in future, sources with direct knowledge of the development said.
It has however not yet cancelled OVL's exploration license for the Farsi block which gives it the right to develop the discoveries it has made.
Sources said inclusion of the block in the list of areas Iran wants to auction is an attempt to pressurise New Delhi into investing in the project.
In the past, Iran has threatened to cancel award of Farsi block to OVL over delays in signing of the Farzad-B gas field development contract. But Iran has not carried out those threat because it knows it cannot get any credible international oil company to invest until the western sanctions are eased.
While OVL cannot invest in developing in the gas field because of the US sanctions, it plans to Iran engaged and will make investments once sanctions are eased, they said.
OVL is the operator of the Farsi block that lies north of Qatar. It has 40 per cent interest in the 3,500 sq km block. State refiner Indian Oil Corp (IOC) too has 40 per cent stake, while the remaining 20 per cent is with Oil India Ltd (OIL).
The Farzad-B gas field may hold an estimated 21.68 Tcf of inplace reserves, of which 12.8 Tcf can be recovered. The reserves in Farzad-B are almost thrice the largest gas field in India.
The Indian consortia would get a fixed rate of return on the $5 billion it will invest on developing the Farzad-B gas field as Iranian law prohibits foreigners owning oil and gas resources. Foreign companies develop the fields through service contracts.
OVL, which had originally submitted a master development plan for the Farzad-B field in April 2009, can buy Iranian gas from the remuneration it will receive under the service contract.
After the Iranians raised certain queries, OVL submitted a revised MDP in August/September, 2010, proposing to invest over $5 billion over a 7-8 year period.
OVL in 2006 made an oil discovery in the Farsi block, which was initially thought to contain one billion barrels of reserves, but was later found to not have enough reserves for commercial exploitation.
Farzad-B field was declared commercial in 2008 after drilling several wells in the Farsi block which was awarded to OVL in 2002.
The Indian consortium wants to liquefy the gas found in the block and ship it back home in the form of liquefied natural gas (LNG).
The consortium of OVL, IOC and OIL has a service contract for the Farsi block, under which the JV partners will be reimbursed for the entire $90 million investment they made during the exploration phase in the block, as well as an additional 35 per cent.
If the consortium gets the developmental rights , they will be paid a 15 per cent rate of return over-and-above the investment they make.
OVL had previously stated that as per independent studies by Fugro Robertson Ltd of the UK and ONGC's Institute of Reservoir Studies, the in-place gas reserves of the block amounted to 9.48 Tcf in a worst case scenario, whereas in the best case, they could add up to 21.68 Tcf.
Under Iranian rules, the project promoters are not allowed to take oil or gas out of the country. As such, the OVL-led consortium had to bear the risk of all exploratory operations and was only guaranteed reimbursement after establishment of commercial viability.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Available Finance: Outcome of AGMAvailable Finance: Outcome of AGM
Sensex wipes off losses after coal verdictSensex recovers after SC coal verdict, closes 31 points lower
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict , the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crore were invested.
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99 per cent and Usha Martin dived 11.83 per cent, among others.
Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen. Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12 per cent, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19 per cent.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02 per cent, Hindustan Unilever 2.87 per cent, Cipla 2.62 per cent, ITC 1.58 per cent and Wipro 1.56 per cent.
Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Realty 1.69 per cent, Consumer Durables index 1.27 per cent, Banking index 1.08 per cent, Auto index 0.51 per cent and Power index 0.36 per cent.

L Kulshrestha s unconventional thinking led GMDC reap gainsL. KULSHRESTHA,GM (Finance), GMDC. Photo: Shailesh Raval.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
BEST CFO OF A PSU (MID-SIZE COMPANIES)
Winner: Lavanya Kulshrestha, GM (Finance), GMDC
Lavanya Kulshrestha took over as CFO of Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation in 2005. Since then, his out-of-the-box thinking has helped GMDC to keep expenditure under control and grow its business.

Expect gold  silver prices to trade lower: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect gold, silver prices to trade lower: Angel
According to Angel Commodities, gold and silver prices are expected to trade lower as dollar index was still trading near a four-year peak on Wednesday. Besides, weak physical demand in Asia is also acting as a negative factor for prices, says the report.
Post your opinion here
Angel's report on international commodities
News and Analysis
- European markets recover after Draghi's comments
- LME copper stocks jumped by 2.6 percent on Tuesday
- German Ifo Business Climate fell to 104.7-mark in September
European markets are trading largely positive as a pledge by Mario Draghi, the head of the European Central Bank, to keep monetary policy loose to boost inflation gave a lift to European markets. Asian markets ended mixed and the US stock futures are trading in the green.
German Ifo Business Climate fell to 104.7-mark in September from 106.3 levels in August.
Spot gold prices is trading marginally higher as investors remained cautious amid a firmer dollar and upbeat U.S. manufacturing data that kept prices near their lowest since January. Gold is generally seen as a safe haven asset and a safer bet during times of political uncertainty and the strike by the US against ISIS in Syria failed to spur follow-through safe-haven demand for gold. On the MCX, gold prices are trading higher by 0.1 percent at Rs.26877/10gms.
Spot silver prices is trading lower by 0.3 percent as speculative interest in the commodity seems to be declining coupled with declining gold prices in the recent weeks. Strength in the DX is also exerting downside pressure on prices. On the MCX, silver prices are trading lower by 0.4 percent at Rs.39351/kg.
LME Copper prices are trading lower by 0.2 percent as miner Newmont raised its supply forecast and concerns of demand in China weighed on the red metal. Further, surge of 2.6 percent in LME stocks coupled with decline in German Business climate data acted as negative factors. However, China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly picked up some momentum in September even as factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, thereby restricting sharp fall in prices. MCX copper prices fell by 0.4 percent and currently hovering at Rs.412.50/kg till 4:00 pm IST.
Nymex Crude oil prices are trading flat today on rising supply from Africa and Iraq offsetting increasing tension in the Middle East and better than expected data in China. Weak European economic data and a rise in oil exports from Iraq, Libya and Nigeria have hammered the oil price, which is down nearly 14 percent this quarter. Meanwhile, manufacturing and services output in the bloc's top two economies, Germany and France, has also slowed. On the MCX, crude prices are trading lower by 0.4 percent at Rs 5617/bbl.
The EIA is scheduled to release its weekly inventories report tonight at 8.00 PM IST and US crude oil inventories is expected to increase by 0.4 million barrels for the week ending on 19th Sep 2014.
Outlook
We expect gold and silver prices to trade lower as dollar index was still trading near a four-year peak on Wednesday. Besides, weak physical demand in Asia is also acting as a negative factor for prices. Investor interest in gold also remains weak. SPDR Gold Trust, the world's top gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 1.2 tonnes to 773.45 tonnes on Tuesday - the lowest since December 2008.
Crude oil prices are expected to trade lower on ample supplies in crude markets. Besides, rise in oil exports from Iraq and Libya coupled with weak economic data from Germany and France will exert downside pressure on prices.
Copper prices are expected to trade lower as concerns of global growth and swelling supply will overpower estimates of brighter economic prospects in the United States.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy MCX Gold Oct; target of Rs 26900: Geojit ComtradeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy MCX Gold Oct; target of Rs 26900: Geojit Comtrade
Geojit Comtrade has come out with its report on metals and energy. According to the research firm, one can buy MCX Gold October around Rs 26650 levels with a stop loss below Rs 26500 for the target price of Rs 26900.
Post your opinion here
 
Geojit Comtrade's technical updates on commodities:
MCX Gold Oct : Buy around 26650 levels with a stop loss placed below 26500 levels for targets of 26900 levels.
 
MCX Silver Dec : Buy around 39400 levels with a stop loss placed below 39000 levels for targets of 40500 levels.
MCX Crude Oct : Buy around 5600 levels with a stop loss placed below 5540 levels for targets of 5700 levels.
 
MCX Natural Gas Sep : Sell around 235 levels with a stop loss placed above 240 levels for targets of 227 levels.
 
MCX Copper Nov : Sell around 416 levels with a stop loss placed above 420 levels for targets of 410 levels.
MCX Nickel Sep : Sell around 1050 levels with a stop loss placed above 1065 levels for targets of 1005 levels.
 
MCX Lead Sep : Sell around 126 levels with a stop loss placed above 127 levels for targets of 124 levels.
 
MCX Zinc Sep : Sell around 138 levels with a stop loss placed above 139 levels for targets of 136 levels.
 
MCX Aluminium Sep : Sell around 118 levels with a stop loss placed above 119 levels for targets of 116 levels.
(Prices in Rs.)
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sasken Communication Technologies: Board to consider special dividendSasken Communication Technologies: Board to consider special dividend
Top five stocks that may take a hit post Supreme Court order on coal blocksTop five stocks that may take a hit post Supreme Court order on coal blocks
State Bank of India approves 10-for-one stock splitState Bank of India approves 10-for-one stock split
Volkswagen launches new Vento  1.5 TDI Turbo-DieselVolkswagen launches new Vento  1.5 TDI Turbo-Diesel
Reliance Power leads gainers in  A  groupReliance Power leads gainers in  A  group
Mangalyaan has an Oz connectMangalyaan has an Oz connect
Thermax subsidiary bags Rs. 339 cr order  stock closes upThermax subsidiary bags Rs. 339 cr order  stock closes up
Aditya Birla Group  Sunny Varkey in race to acquire Educomp s schools businessAditya Birla Group  Sunny Varkey in race to acquire Educomp s schools business
Hisar Metal Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 24, 2014, 05.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hisar Metal Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Hisar Metal Industries has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hisar Metal Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Hisar Metal Industries has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Hisar Metal Industries Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Coal India  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Coal India, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends buying Coal India.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "Any stock that goes up then comes into a correction but  Coal India  is one of the few stocks that needs to be bought at current levels. If you are serious about this bull market then Coal India is going to be a leader. However, Coal India is certainly going to be an outperformer. So, these dips are sort of god given for buying; they are not for worries."
On September 24, 2014 Coal India closed at Rs 351.35, up Rs 16.80, or 5.02 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 353 and an intraday low of Rs 336.
RELATED NEWS

Modi for greater synergy between Centre and statesModi for greater synergy between Centre and states
PTI
Tweet
Tumkur (Karnataka), Sept 24:  
Calling for greater synergy between the Centre and States, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asked Chief Ministers across the political spectrum to not allow political differences to come in the way of nation-building.
“Irrespective of the political parties they belong to, the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers will have to work together. There can be different political parties, but the country is one. We have to move forward shoulder-to-shoulder,” Modi said at the launch of a food park here.
“Earlier, the States and the Centre either competed with or hated each other due to political reasons. Some States also felt ‘dushmani’ (animosity towards the Centre). The country can’t run like this. The States and the Centre will have to work as a team to take the country forward,” Modi added.
Modi’s remarks came against the backdrop of two Congress Chief Ministers — Prithviraj Chavan of Maharashtra and Haryana’s Bhupinder Singh Hooda — deciding to boycott his official functions after being booed by alleged BJP workers in the Prime Minister’s presence.
The Congress had even asked its CMs and those of other Opposition parties to skip Modi’s functions unless BJP workers behaved properly.
However, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was present at today’s function.
Modi said he would be able to win the confidence of all the Chief Ministers irrespective of their political affiliations.
“I will earn the confidence of all the States and their Chief Ministers in due course of time and see how we can benefit from the lateral spirit of federalism,” he said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Asian Granito offers 8-colour printing technology on tilesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Asian Granito offers 8-colour printing technology on tiles
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 24:  
Tile maker Asian Granito India Ltd (AGL) on Wednesday announced to offer eight-colour printing technology on tiles for premium class customers, for the first time in the country.
By acquiring this technology, the company has made India one of the few markets in the world to make this offer, a company release said.
Asian Granito is targeting a turnover of Rs 1,500 crore over the next three years.
The company will soon introduce its first exclusive collection of digital wall and floor tiles printed in eight-colour technology, said Bhupendra Vyas, Chief Operating Officer.
He said Asian Granito will target the metros, mini-metros, and big cities like Pune and initially launch this collection in 300x600 mm and 300x900 sizes. AGL currently has a distribution network of over 3,000 dealers and sub-dealers.
These tiles will be available at more than 60 exclusive showrooms under ‘AGL tiles world exclusives’ in India.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Alliance Air to resume flights to 5 north-eastern citiesAlliance Air to resume flights to 5 north-eastern cities
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
Alliance Air would resume flights to five north-eastern cities, including Guwahati, with immediate effect, as the North-Eastern Council (NEC) has decided to fund the viability gap for these operations.
A memorandum of understanding to this effect was today signed in the presence of Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and DoNER Minister Gen V K Singh, under which the Air India subsidiary would provide air services to Shillong, Tezpur, Lilabari, Silchar and Guwahati with turbo-prop ATR-42 aircraft till March 2016.
Alliance Air chief Anil Mehta, who signed the agreement with the Ministry, told PTI that services have already been launched on some routes and all the five stations would be connected with immediate effect.
Under the viability gap funding (VGF) arrangement, NEC would assist Alliance Air in obtaining concessions on jet fuel, landing, Route Navigation Facility charges and other costs. VGF is essentially to meet the gap between the actual cost of operations and the revenue earned from the flights.
The cost of operations would be reviewed every three months based on the proposed cost and VGF amount would be determined accordingly, an Air India spokesperson said.
The airline has been operating flights to the North-East since January 2003 under the VGF system. Till the end of 2012, it was operating 65 flights each week in the region.
From January 2013, due to outstanding VGF, the airline restructured its ATR operations in the North-East and discontinued these services on certain routes.
However, it continued operations between Kolkata-Silchar, Kolkata-Guwahati and Silchar-Imphal with ATR aircraft. In July 2013, it also restored five times weekly flights on the Kolkata-Shillong route.
Besides the ATR flights, Air India has been operating flights in the North-East with its Airbus family aircraft between Kolkata and Silchar, Dimapur, Dibrugarh, Aizawl, Imphal, Agartala and Guwahati, besides the Delhi-Guwahati route.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Distorted pricing affects agro productivity  industry says fertilizer bodyDistorted pricing affects agro productivity, industry says fertilizer body 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sept 24:  
The distorted pricing policy leading to indiscriminate use of the highly subsidised urea is adversely affecting agro productivity while subsidies and regulation are hurting the industry, the Fertiliser Association of India (FAI) has said.
In Pune as part of a nation-wide tour to bring the woes of the industry to the fore, the FAI is making a serious pitch for total de-control of the sector, and for nutrient based subsidies instead of the current complex subsidy structure for the 30-odd urea manufacturers in the country.
“Half the fertiliser industry is sick, and the distorted pricing policy has led to over use of urea by farmers causing imbalances in the soil,” Satish Chander, director general, FAI said.
The Rs 80,000-90,000 crore subsidy burden to the government last year was not money well spent, he asserted. Delays in receiving subsidy are the norm and nearly Rs 35,000 crore was outstanding, some of it pending from 2008, he added.
India consumed 51.5 million tonnes of fertilizer last year including 30.45 million tonnes of urea, making it the second largest consumer of fertilizer in the world after China.
But the sector has seen no fresh investment in the last several years because of the policy, and agro productivity stood half of that in China, Sharad Nandurdikar, chairman, FAI pointed out.
To give a boost to the sector, the FAI is pitching for subsidizing farmers rather than the industry, framing of a clear long term policy, and availability of gas on a priority basis.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Saradha scam: CBI questions TMC MP Suvendu AdhikariSaradha scam: CBI questions TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 24:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday interrogated Trinamool Congress MP Suvendu Adhikari in connection with the Saradha scam.
Adhikari is the second TMC MP to be questioned after Srinjoy Bose.
This apart, Kunal Ghosh, suspended TMC MP, has already been arrested in relation to the scam. Ghosh though, was arrested by the West Bengal police. His arrest was made before CBI took charge of the case in May this year.
The Saradha Group, involved in illegal deposit taking and ponzi schemes, went bust in April 2013, duping thousands of depositors across West Bengal, Bihar, Odisha, Assam and Tripura.
Sudpita Sen, Group chairman, was arrested later that month by the West Bengal police and has since then been in jail.
This apart, CBI has made three arrests, including two from West Bengal and one from Assam, in connection with the scam.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) is also carrying out a parallel probe in the matter.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

BJP  Sena alliance tangle: Amit Shah cancels Mumbai visitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Man slaps Muslim cleric Imam Mehadi Hasan who made objectionable  Navratri  remarksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Minor dalit girl gangraped in Badaun  diesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NCDEX launches forward contract for maize  sugarNCDEX launches forward contract for maize, sugar
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 02:56 PM IST
National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange today announced the launch of forward segment for maize, sugar on electronic platform, which will we made available from 25 September and is called Agrim Sauda.
Agrim Sauda facility will provide national market reach through registered FPOs (Farmer Producer Organisation). It will also enable all participants in the food and agriculture value chain to widen their reach, create a supply chain.
Samir Shah, MD & CEO of NCDEX said: "India needs well-functioning agricultural markets where rising incomes improve the lives of millions of farmers and high quality food can reach 1.25 billion consumers, thereby becoming an integral part of inclusive growth transformation. With this initiative, NCDEX is attempting to bring real inclusiveness in the real economy."

Goldman Sachs to invest Rs 1 200 cr on 9 000-seater office spaceGoldman Sachs to invest Rs 1,200 cr on 9,000-seater office space
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 25, 2014 12:13 AM IST
Goldman Sachs will invest Rs 1,200 crore to construct a new campus in Bangalore. Expected to be ready by 2018, the campus, which would come up on a 21-acre plot, will have the capacity to house 9,000 employees, the company said on Wednesday.
The ground-breaking for the project took place on Wednesday on the Outer Ring Road, close to Varthur Lake in Bangalore East. The campus is being developed by Bangalore-based Kalyani Developers, which has developed a number of technology parks in the past.
The Goldman Sachs Group, the global investment banking, securities and investment management firm provides a wide range of financial services to a diversified client base including corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals and it currently employs 5,400 professionals across various offices in Bangalore. Today, it serves leading corporate and institutional clients through corporate finance (investment banking), equity sales and trading and fixed income securities businesses, as well as providing macro-economic and investment research and asset management services.
Jeffrey W Schroeder, Chief Administrative Officer of Goldman Sachs, told reporters here in Bangalore on Tuesday that the Bangalore facility will be the second largest for the group after New York where it has about 12,000 people. This India operations over the last five years, has grown at approximately 19% CAGR.
Goldman Sachs had established an onshore presence in India in December 2006 following a 10-year joint venture, and it had Indian clients from the early 1990s. Goldman Sachs is also active in private equity and principal investing in India, deploying more than $2 billion in capital since 2006.
"Goldman Sachs has hired from 60 campuses across the country," said V Bunty Bohra, Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs Services in India.
According to information available, Goldman Sachs had agreed to a lease rental of around Rs 60 crore a year for one million sq ft.

Sun-Ranbaxy deal: CCI public scrutiny deadline ends todaySun-Ranbaxy deal: CCI public scrutiny deadline ends today
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 04:16 PM IST
Fair trade watchdog CCI's deadline for public comments on the $4 billion Sun Pharmaceuticals-Ranbaxy Laboratories deal, which has raised concerns of adverse impact on competition, ends today.
This is also the first M&A deal where the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered a public scrutiny of after forming a "prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The $4-billion deal will create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world and the largest pharmaceutical company in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally.
Announcing the public scrutiny process, the Commission on September 4 had said the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. The deadline is ending today.
The comments should be given along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, while adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
On September 4, CCI had said the public consultation process has been launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
The fair trade watchdog had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
CCI has the mandate to ensure fair competition at the market place across sectors.

IKEA comes to HyderabadIkea to set up shop in Hyderabad
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 24, 2014 08:50 PM IST
Swedish furniture retailer Ikea today signed an MoU with the Telangana government to open its first outlet in Hyderabad.
The company’s retail outlets have a standard design and each location entails an investment of $100 million (around Rs 610 crore). In addition, the backward integration of supplier linkage will have a positive bearing on local economy, the government said.
Ikea India CEO Juvencio Maeztu met chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on this occasion and sought the government’s help to get a location near one of the Metro retail stores in the city for their upcoming outlet for which the latter has readily agreed. The government has appointed commissioner of industries as a single contact point to ensure all the necessary clearances for the company’s operations in a speedy and transparent manner.
The chief minister suggested to the company representatives that they should tie up with local artisans hailing from traditional handicraft places like Nirmal and Pembarti in the state and also source the raw material from within the state.
“Ikea is impressed with the open investment climate in Telangana in commercial and industrial fields as well as the potential for expanding the company’s supply chain network,” the chief minister’s office said. Ikea is one of the first companies to get approval for 100 per cent FDI in India.
Special chief secretary of industries department Pradip Chandra said the company would have three levels of supply chain network comprising international, national suppliers as well as local artisans. This would generate huge economic activities in addition to the retail selling of various kinds of furniture.
“The company only wants a business-friendly environment and a little support in terms of identification of government land on a long-term lease basis to set up the facility,” he told Business Standard while stating that he was hopeful that Ikea’s first India store will be up and running in Hyderabad before in other cities. The company officials are expected to come back for survey of land and locations very soon, according to him.
The company team left for Bangalore this afternoon to meet officials of Karnataka government for a similar purpose.

The Amazing Reason 7-Up Is Called 7-Upreddit
Coca-Cola isn’t the only soda that started as a pharmaceutical elixir.
7-Up, the 85-year-old citrus soft drink, once went by the less-catchy name “Bib-Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda” -- and it was packed with mood-enhancing lithium.
Lithium, a salt found in groundwater, has long been used to treat bipolar disorder and depression. An essay by psychiatrist and Cornell University professor Anna Fels, published Sunday in the New York Times , argued for adding low doses of the substance -- mostly used to produce ceramics, glass and batteries -- to drinking water in hopes of lowering rates of suicide, murder and rape.
A chart from lithium producer Western Lithium Corporation shows how the salt is used in different products.
Lithium's mind-altering effects may have been an early draw for 7-Up. The drink, which contained the compound lithium citrate, started selling just two weeks before the stock market crashed in October 1929, kicking off the Great Depression.
But the beverage, then known by its six-word mouthful of a name, cost more than most of its 600 or so lemon-lime soft-drink rivals at the time, according to its official corporate brand history . Soon after its release, founder Charles L. Grigg renamed the soda 7-Up.
Theories about the origin of the name vary . The most logical explanation is that the "7" in the name refers to the drink's seven ingredients: carbonated water, sugar, citrus oils, citric acid, sodium citrate and lithium citrate. The “Up,” Fels posited, references the lithium lift. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration banned the use of lithium in beer and soft drinks in 1948, and 7-Up was reformulated two years later.
Chris Barnes, a spokesman for the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group -- the beverage behemoth to which 7-Up was sold in 1986 (before that, it changed hands from its founder to tobacco giant Philip Morris, interestingly) - said Grigg took the secret behind 7-Up's name to the grave.
Barnes said a corporate history book documents the same theory linking the name to the number of ingredients. But he said other theories suggest Grigg was inspired by a cattle rancher's brand. Another tidbit: Grigg apparently wanted to call the soda "Click," but the name was already taken, Barnes said.
"It's something that's a little mysterious," Barnes said. "It contributes to the lore."
This article was updated with a comment from Chris Barnes.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this post misidentified lithium citrate as a "liquid" compound.
More:

Which Industry s CEOs Are Ripping Off Workers Mostreddit
If American income inequality had a poster child, it would be the fast food industry.
Today, CEOs at leading fast food companies pocket more than 1,200 times more than their average employees, according to a report by Demos, an economic policy think tank. In comparison, the average CEO at S&P 500 companies today makes about 200 times more than typical employees.
It hasn't always been this way. Back in 1950, CEOs took home about 20 times as much money as their average workers. Take a look at how CEO-to-worker pay ratios have changed across industries since 2000.
Infographic by Alissa Scheller for The Huffington Post
"It's true in many industries but fast food is the primary example: The gains from economic growth are being entirely awarded to people at the top of the income scale," Catherine Ruetschlin, author of the Demos report cited in the graphic, told HuffPost in April. "It's not a surprising finding that it's the worst industry within the worst sector."
There are many reasons the pay gap in the fast food industry is so wide. One reason is that the fast food industry has created jobs at a faster rate than other industries for more than a decade, and for the most part these jobs don't pay well . Because the federal minimum wage is so low and hasn't been raised since 2009, worker pay has stagnated while executives have received huge boosts in compensation.
In 2013, fast food CEOs made about four times more than they did in 2000, according to the Demos report. In the same 2000-2013 period, worker pay rose only about .3 percent when adjusted for inflation. The average fast food worker took home about $19,000 in 2013.
And even while making such low wages, nine out of 10 fast food workers have been victims of wage theft, like having to work off-the-clock, not being paid for overtime work, or having managers falsify time sheets, according to a study by Hart Research .
More:

Yvonne Hemsey / Getty Images fileStores make layaway cheaper, but dangers lurk
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
John Brecher / NBC News
Michelle Lifrieri, 41, left, and her mother Jean Firsching, 58, right, look over a receipt for Christmas presents Jean purchased via layaway, while Kmart cashier Kerri Ann Genus looks on in this 2013 photo.
This year stores are making it easier and cheaper to call "dibbs" on your holiday shopping list without having to pay the full price up front, waiving opening fees and, in some cases, getting rid of the need to put any money down at all.
But experts caution that making it easier to pledge to buy things you can't afford right now could be "disastrous" for the financially irresponsible.
Unlike cash, there can be fees. And unlike credit, you don't get your items when walk out the store door. Instead, with layaway, shoppers get locked in today to get goods tomorrow, for payment tomorrow.
The heyday for layaway was the Great Depression. With the explosion of credit cards it had largely disappeared from stores up until the Great Recession starting in 2008. After the credit and job market tightened up, retailers have brought back layaway or expanded existing programs.
Layaway usually lets shoppers put just $10 or 10 percent down to save a cart of goodies behind the counter. After making a series of regular payments over several weeks, they can retrieve their basket. If they change their mind and need their money back, or they don't make payments frequently enough, there's a small cancellation fee. Some shoppers find layaway can be a good way to force themselves to save up for the holidays . And for those consumers without the cash or credit to make Christmas happen, layaway is sometimes their last hope .
With Americans running up $65.5 billion on their credit cards between the first and second quarters of this year, several retailers have announced they were easing up on rules and doing away with some costs. In a cheeky "not a Christmas commercial," Kmart announced "no money down layaway" through September 20th. Toys "R" Us is again waiving its $5 service fee to start a layaway plan. Wal-Mart has also waived its initiation fee, along with increasing the numbers of toys, and adding new eligible categories, like furniture, infant toys and car seats.
In another sign of layaway's expanding appeal and opportunity for retailers, this year Toys "R" Us announced it launched an online layaway program.
Video: Hear Michelle Lifrieri say in 15 seconds why she prefers to shop using layaway in this segment recorded in November, 2013.
"As the company strives to make it easy for customers to find and buy what they’re looking for, online layaway not only provides access to a wider assortment of products, but is also an exceptional shopping convenience for those who want to make a series of payments over time, but may not be able to get to a local store to create a layaway order and make regular payments," said Toys "R" Us spokeswoman Katie Regner.
At each of the three retailers there is a $10 cancellation fee. At Wal-Mart, the individual items must be $15 or more each, and the total amount of purchases must add up to over $50. Neither Kmart nor Toys "R" Us require minimums.
While ditching the fees is easier on consumers' pocketbooks, removing the barriers to entry can make it easier for shoppers to stock up carts full of items they may not be able to pay for.
"'No money down' layaway plans could be disastrous for those who are not financially responsible," said CNBC's personal finance correspondent Sharon Epperson. "Spend what you can afford."
Experts caution that even without fees, layaway can still end up being worse than cash.
"These changes are definitely a step in the right direction from the programs offered as a 'debt alternative' a few years ago, but the cancellation fees and the lack of clear value are still a problem," said Louis Hyman, an associate professor at Cornell University.
He pointed out that for someone on minimum wage, the $10 fee can represent more than hour's wages.
"If customers saved their money, they could still buy the gift in a month or two, and if they deposited that money at a bank, they would get some interest," he said.
Retailers defend the practice as a sensible alternative to swiping plastic.
“Layaway programs provide consumers with a responsible, low- or no-cost option for those who are either unable or unwilling to access credit,” said Brian Dodge, a Retail Industry Leaders Association spokesman.
Tags:

Sensex reverses losses to close 116 points upUpdated: September 22, 2014 17:09 IST
Sensex reverses losses to close 116 points up
PTI
stock exchanges
Mid-session buying in blue chips including ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC lifted the BSE index to settle at 27,206.74, logging a gain of 116.32 points, or 0.43 per cent.
After slipping below the 27k level in early trades, the benchmark Sensex on Monday recovered smartly to end with a gain of over 116 points at 27,206.74 on good buying in blue chips including ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC even as global cues remained weak.
After a lower start at 27,008.12, the Sensex dipped below the 27,000—mark to touch a low of 26,918.93, down over 170 points. Buying after mid-session, however, lifted the BSE index to settle at 27,206.74, logging a gain of 116.32 points, or 0.43 per cent.
On Friday, the index had fallen 21.79 points, snapping two consecutive days of gain.
Besides ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC — that gained in 3-4 per cent range — major Sensex gainers included Hindustan Unilever, SBI, Axis Bank, Hero MotoCorp, ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto, GAIL, HDFC Ltd and TCS.
The 50—share NSE Nifty, after slipping below the 8100 mark to touch a low of 8,064.80, bounced back to close 24.85 points, or 0.31 per cent, higher at 8,146.30.
Both the key indices Sensex and Nifty, which were struggling to maintain 27,000 and 8,100-mark in early trades, managed to close above these levels.
“A fresh spell of buying in recent under-performers was a notable feature of on Monday’s session,” said Deepak Pahwa, a Delhi-based broker.
Short covering ahead of monthly expiry on Thursday was also seen in select blue-chip stocks, traders said.
Small—cap index was up 0.51 per cent and Mid—cap rose by 0.20 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Buying activity also picked up momentum in non Sensex stocks. Gitanjali Gems, PC Jewellers, Petronet LNG, Jaiprakash Associates and PPAP Automotive, among others, logged gains.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 6.53 crore last Friday as per provisional data.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables sector index gained the most by surging 3.12 per cent, followed by FMCG index 1.90 per cent. Auto index 1.10 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.88 per cent, and Banking index 0.29 per cent.

Oil Heirs Divesting From Fossil Fuelsreddit
U.S. philantropist and oil magnate John D. Rockefeller gives a dime to a child, in this undated picture. Rockefeller was noted for his habit of giving coins as tips to all and sundry. (AP Photo)
The Rockefeller family is divesting some of its massive fortune from fossil fuels, the New York Times reported on Sunday. The Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the family's charitable arm, will announce the landmark move in a video conference on Monday along with 49 other foundations.
According to USA Today, the 50 groups will divest from 200 major oil and gas companies.
The Rockefellers are especially noteworthy given their family history. Patriarchs John D. Rockefeller and William Rockefeller amassed their fortunes while working in their oil industry. The Rockefeller brothers were co-founders of the Standard Oil Company, the world's largest oil refiner at the time.
The Rockefellers were also celebrated for their philanthropic work. According to his 1937 New York Times obituary, John D. Rockefeller gave $530 million to charity during his lifetime. He also helped establish the University of Chicago.
The Rockefeller Brothers Fund has been a major supporter of environmental advocacy. Last year, the charity gave over $6 million in grants to sustainable development projects.
The fossil fuel divestment movement has gained many other high-profile supporters in recent months, including actor Mark Ruffalo.
"It's a snowballing movement," Stephen Heintz, president of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, told USA Today.
According to the Washington Post, the Rockefellers plan to first divest from coal and tar-sands mining.
Related on HuffPost:

Number of Deaths Linked to GM Faulty Ignition Risesnumber of deaths linked to gm faulty ignition rises
The number of deaths linked to a faulty ignition switch in General Motors vehicles rose by two last week.the number of deaths linked to a faulty ignition switch in general motors vehicles rose by two last week.
1 In 5 Workers Laid Off In Past 5 Years Still Unemployed1 In 5 Workers Laid Off In Past 5 Years Still Unemployed, Survey Finds
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014  1:59 pm EDT
Shoppers walk past a now hiring sign at a Ross store, Friday, May 16, 2014 in North Miami Beach, Fla. A new survey finds that twenty-two percent of workers laid off in the past five years are still unemployed. | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON --  Twenty-two percent of workers laid off in the past five years are still unemployed, according to a new survey .
The John J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at Rutgers University surveyed more than 1,100 workers, including nearly 400 who are unemployed. A slim majority of laid-off workers in the survey, or 54 percent, said they received unemployment insurance when they lost their jobs. However, 83 percent of those who received benefits said the compensation ran out before they found jobs.
Congress dropped extended unemployment benefits at the end of last year, despite complaints from Democrats and a few Republicans. Last week House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), who refused to allow a House vote reauthorizing the benefits, said that some unemployed people want to " just sit around " instead of trying to work.
The number of long-term unemployed in the country has fallen to 3 million, down from a high of 6.6 million in 2010. While some are finding jobs, others are no longer counted as unemployed because they've given up looking for work. Economists are unsure how much the decline in long-term joblessness owes to people finding jobs.
The Rutgers findings are consistent with a recent U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics report on displaced workers, which found that among the 9.5 million workers laid off from January 2011 through December 2013, nearly a quarter remained unemployed in January of this year.
The BLS survey is a bit more positive than the Rutgers report because it shows some progress in recent years. Compared with its previous displaced workers survey in 2012, the government's latest data show that more laid-off workers had gotten new jobs at the time of the survey. Among displaced workers who had lost jobs they'd held for more than three years, a majority of the re-employed were earning more money than in their previous positions -- up from 46 percent in the previous survey.
HuffPost has been telling our readers' stories about unemployment and bad pay . Have a story you'd like to share? Email us at workingpoor@huffingtonpost.com or give us a call at (408) 508-4833, and you can record your story in your own words. Please be sure to include your name and phone number.
More:

Vanishing offices: Answer to work-life balanceThis will keep you from burning the midnight oil! #DisappearingOffice
Asia's office culture
Although the 'disappearing office' is unlikely to catch on anytime soon, the ethos behind the idea is a hot topic. In Asia, where there is a deeply ingrained culture of working long hours, some are questioning whether productivity drops off when employees work late.
Read More Work-life balance is stressing us out-at home
Last week, a survey by recruitment consultancy Morgan McKinley showed that 82 percent of Singapore residents work longer than their stipulated hours. However, only 27 percent felt they were more productive during those extra hours.
Numerous medical studies have shown that reduced sleep decreases productivity. According to the Detroit Medical Center, there is compelling evidence that sleep deprivation negatively affects job performance, the Wall Street Journal reported last week.
Read More Workaholic Americans don't take all their vacation
Bigger companies
Heldergroen is not alone. Some of the world's largest companies are also taking initiatives to promote a healthy work-life balance.
Google recently ranked highly in a work-life balance survey conducted by Indeed.com and Forbes. It was praised for its on-site healthcare, travel assurance and emergency assistance, extended time off and financial assistance following child birth, tuition reimbursement for job-related coursework and free or discounted legal advice and services, Forbes reported.
LinkedIn (NYSE: LNKD - News ) told CNBC this week that work is banned in their offices once a month, and employees are encouraged to partake in fun group activities.
While rolling out the concept of a 'disappearing office' might be an extreme way to promote a healthy work-life balance, the Dutch design company's idea has certainly got people thinking.
Let's just hope the Heldergroen employees don't make the mistake of leaving their wallets on their desks!
More From CNBC

After Surgery  Surprise $117 000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn t KnowAfter Surgery, Surprise $117,000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn't Know
The New York Times
Updated:
09/21/2014  2:59 pm EDT
X-ray of skull . , Hong Kong , China . (Photo by: Universal Education/Universal Images Group via Getty Images) | UniversalImagesGroup via Getty Images
reddit
Before his three-hour neck surgery for herniated disks in December, Peter Drier, 37, signed a pile of consent forms. A bank technology manager who had researched his insurance coverage, Mr. Drier was prepared when the bills started arriving: $56,000 from Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, $4,300 from the anesthesiologist and even $133,000 from his orthopedist, who he knew would accept a fraction of that fee.

7 Ways To Communicate Online Without Sounding Like A Jerkreddit
In this day and age, we're still learning how everyday courtesy can translate into our online communications. Not only do we want to be effective at getting out point across, we want to do it in a way that we don't regret later on. After all, we know that emails, comments, and social media posts are not as private as think they are...and they're also permanent as well.
When you consider factors like the blending of personal and professional profiles, it can complicates things even further. How would we feel if our rants about co-workers trickled their way to a boss or major donor? Do we want members of our family seeing the comments that we leave on sites?
So how do we communicate online without sounding like a jerk? Here are a few tips to improve your online efforts:
Attack the issue, not the person
In any heated issue, it's best to focus on the issue at hand and avoid ad hominem attacks. It just makes you sound like a jerk. Even if the other person is frustrating you or directing attacks on you, be the bigger person and focus what is being debated about rather than the people doing the debating. This is even more important when you're communicating with people whom you have offline relationships with - things can easily get misread or misunderstood, as digital messages often lack tone and intention - so avoid causing hurt feelings and stick to the subject.
Keep it positive
They call it constructive criticism for a reason: find ways to actually improve or enlighten rather than simply to vent. A few things ago, I wrote an article called " 11 Options for MBA Graduates to Launch Their Careers ," which was shared in several places, including a networking group for my alma mater. In that group, another alum left several comments about how the articles was "stupid," how the degree was "worthless," and how they already knew everything. Is that really the kind of professional track record that one wants to leave with their university and group of business leaders/entrepreneurs? A better approach could have been "I enjoyed X part of the article, but my path was different. Here's what I did instead."
Don't end with a period
Try not to end your emails with a period. If often leaves unintended negative or unsavory connotations with your message. For example, the difference between "Thanks." and "Thanks!" can be huge depending on the recipients workload or other factors not in your control. If anything, veer on the side of courtesy and enthusiasm. Besides, if you want to increase your email response rates , you should end with a question!
Lose the passive-aggressive remarks
There's nothing less effective than an unaddressed open letter. If you need to vent, do it with a trusted individual or write in a journal. Don't post it on social media! Complaints about co-workers, customers, or even other friends can unintentionally hurt people who read it the wrong way, damage relationships, and reflect your unprofessionalism or immaturity. In fact, even private venting on blogs and social media have cost many people their jobs. What good is created with a passive-aggressive note? It's better to address the cause of that frustration instead.
Say nothing
The old adage still rings true, "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all." If you can't add to a conversation in a meaningful way, sometimes it's best to just shut your mouth. Or keyboard.
Don't Shout
It seems odd to say it, but DON'T USE ALL CAPS. Seriously, people. How long have we had email now? Don't you find it annoying when other people leave the caps lock on? Don't inflict that on others too.
Be specific about actionables
When giving criticism, it's better to be specific about things that can be improved upon rather than using broad or generalized statements. For example, instead of saying "that video was really slow and boring," you could say "I think the video loses momentum in the 30 second mark, so you might consider cutting it down by a few seconds." Few things are more frustrating than vague feedback that don't actually make things better.
Don't assume
As mentioned earlier, tonality is often lost online so don't assume that you're reading the intention or tone correctly. It's often said to "expect the best but to prepare for the worst." Your online communications can be the same: assume that the person you're communicating with as good intentions, but be prepared to defend your position (in a positive way), if there's a disagreement.
Just because we've moved to more informal forms of communication (email, social media, texts, etc.), it doesn't mean that we should lose the basic courtesy that we'd give to others in person. I'm certainly learning this myself! Before you hit "enter," you might want to think ask yourself, "Would I want my entire family, coworkers, friends, or future employers seeing things?" "Do I want to be remembered or judged for this message?" "Is it something that I want to be a part of my permanent digital record?"
Follow Simon Tam on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SimonTheTam
More:

United settles discrimination claimsAt United Airlines, you don’t necessarily have to be the early bird to get the worm. You only need to be somewhat punctual. ( Gregory Karp )
U.S. immigration law forbids employers from asking for additional documents from work-authorized employees during the employment eligibility verification process based on their citizenship status.
The Justice Department said Continental did not require employees who were U.S. citizens to provide extra documents to show they were eligible to work.
United and Continental announced the completion of their merger in October 2010.

David Lay Williams and Brad Mapes-MartinsA vast and diverse group, by the numbers.
Nov 21, 2014
Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) might have something to say about that.
Nov 20, 2014
Nevada could soon become the next North Carolina.
Nov 20, 2014
Being Al Sharpton means never having to say you’re sorry.
Nov 19, 2014
GOP leadership is (still) overwhelmingly white and male.
Nov 19, 2014
The GOP does a great promotion job, but Democrats have contenders too.
Nov 19, 2014
Warren’s new prominence has her draft movement thinking big.
Nov 18, 2014
She might as well run.
Nov 17, 2014
They cite the oft-used ‘slippery slope’ argument.
Nov 14, 2014
A nuanced look at one of Obama’s top aides.
Nov 14, 2014
Load More
About
Nia-Malika Henderson writes for The Fix covering the intersection of politics with culture, demography and emerging sources of power. Nia joined The Post in 2010 and has written for She The People, covered the 2012 presidential election and hosted Post TV's "On Background" interview show. Before joining The Post, Nia wrote about education, race and the White House for Politico. In 2008, she covered the presidential election and local government on Long Island for Newsday. She also worked at The Baltimore Sun where she covered city government in Annapolis. A regular guest on Fox, MSNBC, and CNN, Nia has an undergraduate degree in cultural anthropology from Duke University, and graduate degrees from Yale University in American studies and Columbia University in journalism.
Most Read

Wall St. falls  S&P down for third straight dayWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

HAVING CAKE  EATING IT TOOAmazon Resorts To Wordplay To Keep Salaries Low
Posted:
Updated:
09/23/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Amazon.com Inc. logos are displayed on laptop computers in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2013. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Two thousand Amazon warehouse workers went on strike in Germany on Monday. As The New York Times explains , the German labor union Ver.di is trying to pressure Amazon into classifying its warehouse workers as retail employees. Doing so would force Amazon into a collective wage agreement on par with the rest of Germany's retail sector, instead of being able to set wages on its own.
Amazon, of course, is resisting the "retailer" label.
From the Times:
Amazon insists that its warehouses are logistics centers, ''not shops frequented by customers.'' Instead, most of its workers are involved in taking goods from shelves, packing and shipping them, and for their services, they receive wages at the upper end of the pay range for logistics workers, Amazon says.
That's funny. Because here in America, Amazon doesn't like to compare its warehouse wages to the logistics sector. In fact, the company prefers to compare them to... retail. At least, that's what it does when it's touting certain warehouse jobs , many of which are occupied by temp workers with little job security. As the company noted last year:
Median pay inside Amazon fulfillment centers is 30 percent higher than that of people who work in traditional retail stores -- and that doesn't even include the stock grants that full-time employees receive, which over the past five years have added an average of 9% to base pay annually.
If you're wondering why Amazon would like to think of its U.S. warehouse employees as nontraditional retail workers, the Bureau of Labor Statistics can explain. The average retail cashier in the U.S. earns $9.81 , while the average warehouse general laborer earns $14.25 . In other words, an Amazon warehouse temp who's earning crummy warehouse pay might be earning pretty good retail pay.
So, Amazon is a retailer where its wages compare favorably to retail. But it's a logistics company where its wages compare favorably to logistics -- or where having retail workers could compel it to the table with unions.
A representative for Amazon didn't respond to an email asking if the company was trying to have it both ways.
More:

Modi govt s Rs 51K cr clean Ganga plan to cover 118 townsSep 24, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Modi govt's Rs 51K cr clean Ganga plan to cover 118 towns
These 118 towns fall in the states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi govt's Rs 51K cr clean Ganga plan to cover 118 towns
These 118 towns fall in the states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal.
Post your opinion here
 
The Narendra Modi-led NDA government has informed the Supreme Court about the plan to stop sewage flow into Ganga.
The Centre has proposed to spend Rs 51,000 crore in the next five years to completely stop discharge of untreated sewer and waste water from 118 towns into Ganga river, a report published in TOI said.
These 118 towns fall in the states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal.
Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, the director of 'National Mission for Clean Ganga', informed the court in an affidavit that short-term goals would be achieved in three years, mid-term goals in five years and long-term ones in 10 years or more.
Also, the Modi government has said the success of Ganga rejuvenation plan would require active participation and cooperation of different stakeholders including people residing on the banks of Ganga, NRIs as well as the global community.
RELATED NEWS

GM launches new Chevrolet SAIL hatchback  sedanGeneral Motors launches new Chevrolet SAIL compact, sedan
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 11:56 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
General Motors India has launched the new Chevrolet SAIL hatchback and sedan priced between Rs 4.41 lakh and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new SAIL hatchback is priced between Rs 4.41 and Rs 6.81 lakh and the SAIL sedan is priced between Rs 5.19 and Rs 7.64 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi), the company said in a statement.
Both the models are available in diesel and petrol options. While the diesel variant is powered by a 1.3 litre engine, the petrol has a 1.2 litre engine.
Commenting on the new launch, General Motors India President and Managing Director Arvind Saxena said: "The new SAIL hatchback and sedan reinforce GM's commitment to provide offerings that are value for money at the heart of the market."
The new SAIL cars are equipped with active and passive safety features such as an engine immobiliser, central door locking, speed-sensitive automatic door locks and remote keyless entry enhance active safety.
In addition, the SAIL is equipped with dual air bags, the anti-lock braking system (ABS) and electronic brake force distribution (EBD).
Originally introduced in 2012, the SAIL is built on a global passenger car platform from erstwhile Chinese partner SAIC (Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp). It was created especially for India and other fast-growing emerging markets.
The platform crossed the one million global sales figure in July 2014.

PM Modi s navratri fast not an issue: White House32
1
Washington: In view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi observing 'Navratri' fast during his US visit, the White House on Wednesday said this is unlikely to be an issue as they respectfully accommodate the practices of visitors. "We are aware of the Prime Minister's plans to fast during his visit to Washington. As with all guests hosted by US Presidents over the years, we always work to respectfully accommodate the practices of our visitors," said Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council.
"The President looks forward to a successful bilateral visit with the Prime Minister, and we do not anticipate this being an issue in any way," Hayden told PTI when asked about Modi's Navratri fast, during which he will be on a liquid diet and consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day. The White House did not provide any further details, of what Modi would be served during the private working dinner hosted by US President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29.
However, the White House Historical Association believes that the details of the dinner have already been worked out, which would be respectful of the religious practices and believes of the visiting leader. "Since the early 1920s, the Office of Protocol at the State Department always meets with - as happened with the upcoming visit of the Prime Minister - the Head of State advance team several weeks in advance and goes over every detail of the visit, which includes any dietary concerns or restrictions," Lara M Kline, spokesperson of the White House Historical Association, said.
The White House on Wednesday said this is unlikely to be an issue as they respectfully accommodate the practices of visitors.
#narendra modi #united states of america #modi us offbeat #navratri fast
"So the Indian advance team and the State Department Office of Protocol would have come to an understanding and an agreement related to his arrival and there is always the utmost concern, respect and consideration of the Head of State. I know, they would absolutely do everything he would be comfortable with, which the advance team shared," Kline said.
The Obama's White House - courtesy the First Lady - has its own bee hive and produces honey which is used by the First Family and the White House kitchen. The beehive is located on the South Lawn, and the foraging bees help pollinate the Kitchen Garden. Charlie Brandt, a White House carpenter for more than two decades, who started beekeeping as a hobby, is the official beekeeper of the first ever beehive on White House grounds.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday in New Delhi, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, "It is normal diplomatic practice that when we discuss any engagement which may entail any meal or any other food... for the host to request and for the guest, that is the Indian side, to indicate what are the dietary preferences." "And let me assure you that those dietary preferences have been indicated to the host (US) and they have taken note of it and have prepared everything accordingly," he said.
350

Fonterra issues sour milk forecastFonterra issues sour milk forecast on slowing China demand
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb88cd44-43b1-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Odisha: Man kills doc to  avenge  nephew s deathComments
A man and his two accomplices murdered a doctor in Odisha’s Sonepur district because he suspected the doctor’s injection killed his nephew, police have said.
Durbadala Mishra, additional district medical officer (ADMO) of Sonepur district headquarters hospital, was found lying in a pool of blood in front of his house on Sunday night with his throat slit.
“The police have arrested one of the accused and are searching for two others including the main accused. A sharp-edged weapon used in the murder and few live bullets have also been seized,” Sonepur superintendent of police Sarah Sharma told reporters on Tuesday night after cracking the case.
  
Investigators found a local youth Pratyush Panda (26) to be the main accused. Panda held a grudge against the 53-year-old doctor because he suspected his eight-month-old nephew died due to the latter’s negligence, police said.
 
The infant had developed heart complications about a year and a half ago and undergone treatment at a heart hospital outside the district.
Eight months ago Panda brought his nephew to Mishra’s clinic after the infant suddenly fell ill. The child died minutes after being administered an injection.
Police said that Panda, along with two of his friends, hatched a plan to eliminate Mishra. On Sunday night, the trio followed Mishra when he was returning home and murdered him in front of his house.

Breakfast with Modi: Boeing  Google CEOs on boardNarendra Modi to meet Boeing, Google, PepsiCo CEOs over breakfast during US visit
IANS     New York   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 13:56 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's breakfast meeting on September 29 in New York is set to have big time business on the table with CEOs of top United States firms, including Boeing, Google and PepsiCo.
Modi, who is set to make his maiden visit to the US as Prime Minister from September 26-30 , will hold a breakfast meeting with the CEOs of 11 top US companies on September 29 and thereafter, he will hold one-on-one meetings with six individual CEOs of US companies and institutions.
The morning breakfast meeting of the Prime Minister with the 11 leading individual CEOs includes: Google's Eric Schmidt, David M Rubenstein of The Carlyle Group, Michael Corbat, CEO of Citigroup, Doug Oberhelman of Caterpillar, Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Kenneth C Frazier of Merck and Micheal Ball of Hospira - a US-based global pharmaceutical company.
On the list of one-on-one meetings are: W James (Jim) McNerney Jr, chairman of Boeing; Laurence D Fink, CEO of American multinational investment management firm Black Rock; Ginni Rometty, president and CEO of IBM; Jeffrey R Immelt, chairman and CEO of General Electric; Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs and Henry Kravis, CEO of American private equity fund Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Company (KKR).

Air France at odds over expansion© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9eca2448-43bf-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Minor allies want more seats  BJP-Sena talks deadlocked againComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP seat-sharing talks in Maharashtra hit a fresh crisis on Wednesday with three minor parties threatening to walk out of the 'Mahayuti' alliance.
The two parties offered 7 seats to the smaller partners as against the 18 demanded by them prompting the Shetkari Sanghatana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Shivsangram to contest separately.
If this happens, it would be bad news for the Sena-BJP as they could create trouble for them in western and central Maharashtra.
With just three more days to end the nomination process, the BJP is using the opportunity to put pressure on the Sena to concede five more seats.
A meeting of the alliance leaders held in Mumbai on Tuesday night remained inconclusive with the junior members insisting on more seats and expressing their displeasure over the 151 for Shiv Sena, 130 for BJP and seven for allies seat-sharing formula proposed by the Sena.
The saffron combine has four junior partners -- Raju Shetti's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha led by Mahadeo Janker, Vinayak Mete's Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale's RPI(A).
"If the Sena distributes seven seats among four alliance partners, it will be an insult to us. Sena and BJP can fight elections on all 288 seats and satisfy their egos," Shetti said.
Meanwhile BJP president Amit Shah postponed his Mumbai visit to Thursday after the two sides failed to reach an acceptable solution.
He was expected to discuss the alliance tangle with senior state BJP leaders, party sources had said earlier.

Book your train meal through SMS on 139Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:09 pm
Now railway passengers can book meals through SMS to 139 as the service will be launched from Thursday on a few selected trains on trial basis.
The SMS food service will be made operational on six trains in Delhi-Amritsar section from September 25 as a pilot project, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Delhi-Pathankot Express, Katihar-Amritsar Express, Amritsar-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Express, Shane Punjab Express, New Delhi-Amritsar Express and Shaheed Express are being selected for trial of SMS food service.
“All these trains do not have pantry car,” said the official adding “the service will be carried out by the IRCTC.”
According to the plan, one has to send an SMS to 139 along with the PNR number to book a meal.
“Passenger has to write just meal and then PNR number. Once the SMS is received, the PNR number will be verified for the particular train, coach and seat position and the passenger will be contacted with the details of menu available,” the official said.
Payment will be collected after delivery of the food at the designated seat.
The SMS food serive is part of the e-catering service of the Railways which is facing an uphill task of improving food quality being served on trains.
“The SMS service will be extended to other trains depending on the trial results as our aim is to provide the passengers various options for availing food on trains,” he said.
Besides the SMS, railways is also making available food through phone calls and for this two dedicated numbers have been provided for the catering purpose.
One can make a call to 1800 1034 139 or 0120-4383892-99 to book a meal.
During the trial, passengers will be served food at the five nominated stations – New Delhi, Delhi, Nizamuddin, Amritsar and Ludhiana only.
The food will be served from the IRCTC Food Plazas or Catering Units at the Delhi-Amritsar section.

Coal scam: JSPL dives 14%  Coal India Rel Power up 4-6%Sep 24, 2014, 05.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal scam: JSPL dives 10%, Coal India & Rel Power rally 5%
Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP. Shares of Coal India was up 4 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jindal Steel and Power crashed around 14 percent intraday on Wednesday after the Supreme Court passed its verdict in the coal scam. The SC has de-allocated 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993. Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint venture operating blocks, have been spared.
The court has cancelled category-1 coal blocks stating there is no reason to save these blocks and allocation arbitrary. The Attorney general has said that a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne will be imposed on all cancelled block holders and ordered companies to stop production on March 31, 2015
Though the order will become operational from April 1, 2015 the SC has given six month period given for government to make alternate arrangements. It has also said that the government is free to auction cancelled blocks post March 2015.
Rakesh Arora, Research Head (India) Macquarie Capital Securities feels that JSPL may have to cough up over Rs 3,000 crore as penalty and will have to bid in auction which will entail further cost if they want to keep these mines together.
“If you do a replacement cost also the worst case comes at around Rs 220 per share. The stock has already fallen well beyond it and once people understand the numbers etc I don’t really see too much of downside for Jindal Steel & Power from here on,” he said in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
According to Arora, impact on Hindalco is going to be minimal as it is very small proportion of their operations but it will have to bid in auction for upcoming projects.
Losers

Amit Shah s Mumbai visit to meet Mahayuti leaders cancelledSep 24, 2014 at 02:17pm IST
Amit Shah's Mumbai visit to meet Mahayuti leaders cancelled
8
0
Mumbai: BJP President Amit Shah's visit to Mumbai on Wednesday has been cancelled, a party spokesperson said.
"Shah's visit today has been cancelled," state BJP spokesperson Keshav Upadhye said.
Shah was earlier expected to reach amid the impasse over seat sharing among 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) partners. He was expected to discuss the alliance tangle with senior state BJP leaders, party sources had said.
BJP President Amit Shah's visit to Mumbai on Wednesday has been cancelled, a party spokesperson said.
#amit shah #bjp president #mahayuti leaders #shiv sena
A meeting of the Mahayuti leaders held on Tuesday night remained inconclusive with the junior members insisting on more seats and expressing their displeasure over the 151 for Shiv Sena, 130 for BJP and seven for allies seat-sharing formula proposed by Sena for the Maharashtra Assembly polls scheduled for next month.
The saffron combine has four junior partners Raju Shetti's Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha led by Mahadeo Janker, Vinayak Mete's Shivsangram and Ramdas Athawale's RPI(A).
Shetti had earlier said that giving seven seats to four parties was an 'insult' to them and that would not be accepted.
"If the Sena distributes seven seats among four alliance partners, it will be an insult to us. Sena and BJP can fight elections on all 288 seats and satisfy their egos," he had said.
Athawale was reportedly miffed with Sena's proposal and had left midway during the discussions.
Meanwhile, Shah is scheduled to launch an integrated residential complex for trainees along with an auditorium at the Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini in adjoining Thane district on Thursday.
1

EPFO s Rs 1 000 minimum pension to benefit 3...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO's Rs 1,000 minimum pension to benefit 32 lakh immediately
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 04.11PM IST
Tags:
EPFO
(In a bid to make the event…)
NEW DELHIL Government's decision to amend the Employees Pension Scheme, 1995 (EPS-95) run by EPFO to provide minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 will immediately benefit around 32 lakh pensioners who get less than this.
Earlier, estimates of EPFO had suggested that the immediate beneficiaries who were getting less than Rs 1000 every month would be 28 lakh while the total number of pensioners under the Employees' Pension Scheme (EPS-95) of Employees Provident Fund (EPFO) were 44 lakh.
"Out of the present 49 lakh pensioners of EPS-95 approximately 32 lakh pensioner are drawing less than Rs 1000 per month with a large number of them drawing less than Rs 500 per month," an EPFO order said.
Though the entitlement provided by the government under the EPS-95 was made effective on September 1, the pensioners getting less than Rs 1000 per month would be paid this much amount from next month onwards.
In a bid to make the event a memorable one, the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has asked its field offices to organise a facilitation programme on September 30.
The EPFO head offices wants the field formation to invite and felicitate those people who were issued the oldest pension payment order (PPO) by the respective offices and were paid least amount under the EPS-95.
The field officers have also been asked to participate in radio and TV programmes on social security to create awareness about the government's initiative.
The order also provides that the field office will incur expenditure on the facilitation function under the head of publicity. Moreover if the additional funds are required under the head, the matter may be taken up with the Finance Wing at the head office, the order said.
The field offices are to make an impact through this felicitation function and invite 100-150 pensioners.
Besides the field offices would have a separate time slot for redressing grievances of pensioners and pension claim applicants during the event.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex recovers; FMCG leads  JSPL dives post coal verdictSep 24, 2014 at  05:32pm IST
Sensex closes flat; capital goods down
1
0
Mumbai: A day after a 430-point fall, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed Wednesday's trade flat -- down 31 points or 0.12 percent -- as capital goods, bank and consumer durables stocks slumped.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
Hit by the apex court's judgment, stocks of mining, metal and power majors such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Bhushan Steel, Hindalco Industries and Monnet Ispat and Energy fell.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
#sensex #stocks #market #economy
However, healthy buying was observed in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), healthcare and oil and gas sectors.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,817.94 points, closed trade at 26,744.69 points (provisional), down 31 points or 0.12 percent from the previous day's close at 26,775.69 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 26,844.70 points and a low of 26,560 points in the intra-trade.
The S&P capital goods index lost 248.21 points, bank index was lower by 197.39 points, consumer durables dipped 123.74 points, automobile index slumped by 91.23 points and realty index slipped by 28.27 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed flat -- but up 15.15 points or 0.19 percent at 8,002.40 points.
Company-wise, stocks of Jindal Steel and Power were down 9.99 percent at Rs.189.70; Bhusan Steel was down 4.96 percent at Rs.107.30; Tata Steel was down 2.63 percent at Rs.473.30; Hindalco Inds was down 0.48 percent at Rs.156.30; Monnet Ispat was down 8.16 percent at Rs.87.25; and Steel Authority of India was down 2.89 percent at Rs.68.95.
However, state-run Coal India's scrip gained 5.20 percent at Rs.351.5.
Stocks of power companies such as Adani Power were down 2.10 percent at Rs.46.70; GVK Power and Infrastructure was down 6.60 percent at Rs.10.19; JP Power was down 5.86 percent at Rs.13.65; and Moser Baer was down 4.10 percent at Rs.7.48.
The Supreme Court has cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011, except four vested with the NTPC and other public sector undertakings.
As a consequence of this order, 214 coal blocks stand cancelled.
14

Supreme Court scraps 214 illegal coal blocks  big blow to corporatesSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Meet the man who brought coal scam under spo...Meet Hansraj Ahir, the man who brought coal fiasco under spotlight
Amita Shah, ET Bureau Aug 31, 2012, 06.59AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Ahir has made a string of…)
NEW DELHI: The man who alleged foul play in coal block allocations to private companies seven years ago, passes by almost unnoticed in the din in Parliament. BJP MP, Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, has only one motive - get all 142 coal block allotments cancelled.
Ahir has made a string of allegations against the government - from transfer of ownership by those allotted blocks, 35 allocations without clearance from the screening committee, to 'ignoring' Coal India and other public sector undertakings in favour of private companies during allocation.
Among numerous letters he exchanged with various authorities over the years is one from CIL in August last year, which said it had received no intimation from the coal ministry on its request made in 2008 to consider allocation of 138 coal blocks, with a total resource of 57.57 billion tonne, to sustain the long-term coal production programme to meet the country's demand.
"The government gave CIL mostly underground blocks, which are difficult to mine. It preferred private companies over SAIL, NMDC, NALCO and RINL. CIL was given status of maharatna but the government itself is undermining it," Ahir alleged.
It was in 2005 that Hansraj Gangaram Ahir first pointed fingers at the allocations when he was a member of the parliamentary standing committee on coal and steel. He then began a lone battle against the government, sending letters to the prime minister, finance minister and coal minister. In 2010, he managed the support of 19 NDA MPs to seek an audit of 'loss' incurred in the coal blocks allocation. It was in 2011 that BJP president Nitin Gadkari asked party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar to join Hansraj Ahir in 'revealing facts' about allocation of coal blocks.
"My fight was against loot of a national property. It has become a fight against corruption," said the three-time MP from Chandrapur, who describes himself as "just one of the campaigners." His interest in coal stems from the fact that he belongs to a coal-rich region and was a member of the parliamentary panel on coal and steel. He said it was after sending several letters to the prime minister and getting 'no concrete response' that he wrote to the Central Vigilance Commission in 2009, and to the Comptroller and Auditor General in 2010.
While BJP stalls Parliament , Hansraj Gangaram Ahir is of the view that his battle will be won when the government cancels all 142 allocations. Hansraj Ahir's party has made it clear that it would not climb down from the demand for the prime minister's resignation even if the allocations are negated.
Hansraj Ahir has fought for compensation for farmers in land acquisition for mines, after joining politics in 1980. Even as the coal blocks allocation has created a storm, Ahir continues with his campaign.
It was his and Javadekar's complaint to CVC that formed the basis of a CBI investigation. CAG has estimated a presumptive loss of 1.86 lakh crore. According to BJP the loss figure would be much higher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty holds 8K  FO expiry eyed; Coal India  R Power up 5%Sep 24, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty holds 8000 ahead of F&O expiry; infra, banks drag
Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty holds 8000 ahead of F&O expiry; infra, banks drag
Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
Post your opinion here
16:57
Moneycontrol Bureau
The 50-share NSE Nifty saw consolidation on Wednesday ahead of expiry for September derivative contracts (on Thursday) though it continued fall for the second consecutive session. Supreme Court’s verdict on coal scam dragged the index as much as 67.5 points to hit an intraday low of 7950.05, but in late trade it showed smart recovery to manage to close above the 8000 level, down 15.15 points at 8002.40.
The 30-share BSE Sensex shed as much as 215.7 points intraday, before closing at 26744.69, down 31 points. Meanwhile, the broader markets continued to see huge selling pressure with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices falling 1.2 percent and 1.6 percent, respectively.
The ongoing correction is a healthy sign and the market needs to consolidate before resuming the bull run, said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL.
Jain feels the markets have been looking for reasons to correct and sees sharp corrections in midcaps and smallcaps. He said that one should be prepared for a 5-10 percent downside in the broader markets and 10-15 percent in midcaps.
Meanwhile, Supreme Court announced verdict on coal block allocation case. It cancelled 214 coal blocks, and exempted four blocks including allocations to Sasan UMPP and NTPC and SAIL.
The apex court gave six months time for government to make alternate arrangements. Attorney General said Rs 295 per tonne penalty was imposed on all cancelled block holders.
Jindal Steel and Power was the top loser in the Nifty, down 10 percent post coal verdict. JSPL's penalty amounted to Rs 3,000 crore due to cancellation of coal blocks, said Rakesh Arora of Macquarie, adding the impact on Hindalco Industries will be minimal. The stock was down 0.5 percent.
Supreme Court added that the government is free to auction all cancelled blocks post March 2015, which may be beneficial to Coal India, the largest coal mining company. The stock was up 5 percent. Attorney General said Coal India will carry out mining activity till auctions held. Reliance Power too surged 5 percent post exemption for Sasan UMPP.
Shares of TCS, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI, HDFC, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto and BHEL were prominent losers, down 1-2.7 percent.
However, the buying in FMCG, healthcare, power and select technology stocks capped the downside. ITC, Infosys, HUL, ONGC, Cipla and Wipro gained 1-3 percent.
About 1019 shares advanced while 1946 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00
Nifty ends flat, F&O expiry eyed; JSPL dives 10%, CIL up 5%
Jindal Steel and Power tanked 10 percent after Supreme Court's verdict on coal block allcoation cast. The apex court cancelled 214 coal blocks and four exempted. Exempted blocks include allocation to Sasan UMPP and allocations to NTPC and SAIL, SC said. Reliance Power was up 5 percent.

SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start: Government8
0
New Delhi: Government on Wednesday said that Supreme Court's decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks was in accordance with its stand and will enable it to make a 'fresh start'.
"Basically, the judgement is in accord with the Government of India's stand in affidavit," Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said. "The government has already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start except for those which are (with) government companies and some other pressing needs," he said.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
"Basically, the judgement is in accord with the Government of India's stand in affidavit," Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.

India needs political will to promote phone banking  says Sam PitrodaSep 24, 2014 at 04:49pm IST
India needs political will to promote phone banking, says Sam Pitroda
4
0
Singapore: India needs strong political will to enable phone banking services across the country to facilitate payment of government salaries and school fees through electronics, Sam Pitroda, who piloted the telecom revolution in the country, said on Wednesday.
Speaking at the MasterCard Innovation Forum, Pitroda said that fiber optic infrastructure was in place to support country wide phone banking, replacing the current cash-based dealings. "Paying of government salaries and school fees should be by electronics," Pitroda said, stressing the way forward
for India is a cashless society.
"Paying of government salaries and school fees should be by electronics," Sam Pitroda said.
#india #singapore #sam pitroda #mastercard innovation forum
The fiber optic infrastructure and technology were already in place, he pointed out. "But we need to have a political will to drive phone banking," said Pitroda after delivering the keynote address on electronic payments at the forum. He highligted the success of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and the ever increasing number of mobile phones in the country.
There are 750 million UIDAI holders in India, among them a large number of people were without bank accounts. There were opportunities in having these people to open bank accounts and use phone banking, said Pitroda.
The telephone subscriber base in India has reached over 94.64 crore (as per July numbers) with an overall tele-density of over 76 per cent. Pitroda piloted India's telecom revolution under former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in late 80's and has served as the chairman of National Innovation Council and the National Knowledge Commission, a high-level advisory body to the
government.
The two day MasterCard Innovation Forum event will bring together more than 350 participants from the Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa as well as expert speakers from the industry, to discuss the evolving needs of businesses and showcase the latest innovations on the payments front.
0

Missed call to women will lead to jail in BiharPress Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:21 pm
Give missed calls to women and cool your heels in jail!
CID Inspector General (IG) (Weaker Section) Arvind Pandey on Tuesday issued a circular to all district Superintendents of Police (SPs) and Government Rail Police (GRP) SPs asking them to ensure that police investigates and takes action in such cases with utmost seriousness.
“Giving repeated missed calls to women is a serious issue. It makes them feel insecure and robs them of peace of mind. We have decided to count it as a crime of stalking under Section 354D (i) and (ii) of the IPC,” Pandey said.
Pandey, however, said that police officials have been told to ignore the matter if missed calls are given once or twice, but crack the whip if they are repeated and with an intention to harass women.
The idea of taking action against ‘missed call menace’ emerged during a two-day training programme for Station House Officers of women police stations in the state as well awareness camps on crime against women that were conducted by CID at girls schools and colleges.

Verdict to set stage for further reforms | SC quashes allocation of 214 coal blocksSupreme Court judgement on coal blocks to set stage for further reforms
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Tags:
CIL
(The court let off two coal…)
KOLKATA: The Supreme Court judgement on coal blocks will set the stage for the next stage of reforms on the coal sector. For one, it gives the government an opportunity to truly open up the market by allowing private investment, trading and entry of global players in the sector. In the short term, however, the court has allowed a breather of six months before the blocks are handed over to Coal India and this may lead to higher production from the operational blocks.
Kameswara Rao, Leader (Energy Utilities& Mining Practice) at PwC said : "The SC judgment strong consequences for both the short and long-term. It paves the way for the government to introduce comprehensive reforms and develop a competitive market by permitting private capital, trading, global technology and doing away with end-use restrictions, all of which are restricting development at present."
"Other than the incidence of penalties, it will be business as usual for the companies the next six months before CIL takes over end of March 2015. The companies will aim to maximise production in this period, as it would improve returns even if marginally, and it may help get better compensation if any is offered when these are finally auctioned by the government," Mr Rao said.
He was commenting after the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The court let off two coal blocks operated by Reliance Power and one each by state-run NTPC and SAIL as they are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP). Companies will also be allowed to take part in the auction when it takes place in future.
But the situation is likely to remain complex and worrisome in the transition period before the blocks are auctioned off. For instance, a lot of contracts have been signed with major equipment suppliers, like Komatsu and Caterpillar. The question is whether Coal India will honour those equipment deals, post March 2015. There will be other radical challenges as well. It remains to be seen as to how bank deals will work out, like in cases where the banks may have asked for personal guarantees from promoters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will your mobile cause burnoutUpdated: September 24, 2014 17:54 IST
Will your mobile cause burnout?
Ian Sample
AP A number of studies are being carried out to study the impact of smartphones on people.
TOPICS
science and technology
Science is undecided about the impact smartphones have on us
Are smartphones really so bad for us? Hard science on the matter is hard to come by. Some studies, however, are starting to provide a few answers.
When companies hand out smartphones to their employees there is an implicit agreement that those staff are on call any time, any place; it can then be hard for them to detach and relax, says Arnold Bakker, a professor of work and organisational psychology at Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
In 2012, Bakker showed that heavy smartphone use caused more “work–home interference” — that is, work encroached badly on home life. So far, so unsurprising, but he went on to show that this led to more burned–out employees. “It seems difficult, if not impossible, for mobile users to maintain a satisfactory balance between their work and personal life,” he wrote in Applied Psychology.
It seems difficult, if not impossible, for mobile users to maintain a satisfactory balance between their work and personal life
Michigan State University researchers surveyed US workers and found that those who checked their smartphones for work reasons after 9pm were more tired and less engaged the next day.
Christine Grant at Coventry University surveyed remote e–workers at 11 major UK companies. She found that many found the technology helpful and that it allowed them to work more flexibly; while others suffered from the “always–on” culture, particularly frequent fliers who were contacted at all hours by colleagues in different time zones.
Higher stress levels
A Gallup poll in May found that stress levels in U.S. workers were higher the more often they checked work emails on their smartphones out of normal hours. At the same time, workers who emailed most outside work hours rated their lives better than those who did not. Though more stressed out, the emailers saw their behaviour as proof of professional success and accomplishment, Gallup speculated.
Are the gadgets destroying our attention levels? That is an open question, which Imperial College researchers hope to answer in a three–year study launched this year. The study is the largest in the world to investigate whether mobile devices affect children’s cognitive development. It will look for the effects of electromagnetic radiation, but also of “brain training”.
Is there any evidence that smartphones are harming our brains? The science is still in its infancy here. An Australian study of mobile phone users found that working memory was poorer, while reaction times improved. In 2010, researchers at McGill University in Montreal showed that reliance on GPS might reduce activity in the hippocampus, a part of the brain we use to get from A to B. Another study, from Columbia University in New York, investigated the “Google effect” and found that people used computers as a substitute for their own memories. — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Sensex recovers after 215-points drop at midsession after SC coal rulingSensex ends 31 points down after SC coal verdict
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 24, 2014
First Published: 10:03 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Mumbai
After falling over 215 points in the mid-session in a knee-jerk reaction to the Supreme Court's coal verdict, the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday recouped most losses to end with a small dip of 31 points on good support from bluechips like Coal India, Hindustan Unilever and Cipla.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the apex court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs. 2 lakh crores were invested.
Supreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
Following the ruling, Jindal Steel and Power tumbled 9.99% and Usha Martin dived 11.83%, among others. Lenders like SBI and ICICI Bank also logged losses.
A cautious stance by participants before the expiry of the monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday also influenced the sentiment.
"As Supreme Court in another verdict once again declared allocation of most of the coal blocks as illegal, high volatility was seen.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister's US visit shall be in focus in coming sessions," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
The Sensex after opening in positive zone rose to the day's high of 26,844.70 in early trade. However, it succumbed to selling pressure after the Supreme Court's ruling and touched a low of 26,560.00.
Buying towards fag-end in select bluechips helped the Sensex recoup major part of losses to close barely 31 points, or 0.12%, down at 26,744.69.
The gauge had plunged 431.05 points in Tuesday's trade on selling by foreign funds and weak global cues.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty after dipping below the 8,000-mark to hit a low of 7,950.05, recovered partially to close at 8,002.40, down a mere 15.15 points, or 0.19%.
Bucking the trend, stocks of Coal India climbed 5.02%, Hindustan Unilever 2.87%, Cipla 2.62%, ITC 1.58% and Wipro 1.56%. Tata Power and NTPC also ended in the green.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a whopping Rs. 1,185.17 crore on Tuesday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian bourses ended mixed. European markets were also weak in early trades.
Sectorwise, BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by losing 1.69%, followed by Realty 1.69%, Consumer Durables index 1.27%, Banking index 1.08%, Auto index 0.51% and Power index 0.36%.

Things to know before you sell your propertyAnil Rego
Right Horizons
Selling a property/site is not a simple task, it requires lot of homework to be done. One has to do all the work starting from finding a potential buyer till finalizing the sale agreement while selling their site/property.
Following are some necessary tips to be kept in mind while selling your property.
Know your property/site value:
The first important task which all sellers need to do is to find out value of their property. In the process of assessing the property value, one has to consider other related factors such as upcoming projects and amenities provided in and around the property location etc. if your property is located at the IT booming areas, then in future your property may be worth higher as compared to current prevailing price. So it is important for you to evaluate the correct price for your site/property. Individuals can enquire about the market value of similar sites in their area, or can arrange a real estate agent to determine their property value.
Property details should be clearly furnished to the buyers:
In order to get a good buyer, seller has to furnish a detailed property report. The report should include the exact property built up area/carpet area or square feet, price per square feet, its location, surrounding plots/neighboring resident areas, various amenities provided near the property location. By providing a clear report on the property details, sellers are making the buyer to easily understand the property which is available for sale. These property details can be furnished through newspaper advertisement with attractive titles or through word-of-mouth.
Nowadays there are various web portals offering platforms to sell your property/site as a free service. These web portals give spaces to fill in all your property details at one click - one can make use of these web portals and get benefited from the same. In the second case, if you plan to approach a real estate broker, ensure that, the broker has a good track record and reputation. Also discuss their fee in detail or their percentage of commission while selling your property.
It is advised for sellers to know the credential details of the buyer by knowing their financial background and affordability status. By analyzing a buyer's credentials one can easily sort out whether the buyer is a potential property purchaser or not.
 
Documentation process:
Once you got a potential buyer for your property/site, the next step is to get tied up with the process of payment and legal documentation of the property. Remember, negotiation plays a hidden role while selling a property/site, therefore ensure that the negotiation amount is optimal on both the side of purchaser and seller. After fixing the payment amount, obtain no objection certificate (NOC) from the governing body, this task has to be done before proceeding into property registration. By fixing an appointment with the sub-registrar you can register the property in the buyers name after the full settlement.
Summary:
• Know the market price of your property/site
• Your property advertisement should include all relevant property details and price per square feet, etc.
• It is important to know about your buyer credential details on their financial backgrounds.
• Fix the payment amount after negotiating, then transfer the deed with all relevant legal document on the property/site sold.

Importance of a financial plan: Do you really need itMore about the Expert...
Deepak Yohannan
We all have dreams and ambitions in life. A desire to achieve many things- from purchasing a home or even dreams with regards to where we want to see our children placed in the future. To transform these “goals” into reality, apart from the individual effort, financial resources play a key role. To effectively manage the financial resources so that they are properly utlised to fulfil your life’s goals, planning comes in handy. Planning makes life simpler and brings a systematic approach in decision making.
Overview of Financial Planning
Financial planning is all about preparing a series or set of actionable plans to achieve your specific life goals. A road map, it guides you in making financial decisions- on investing, financial protection through insurance and building a corpus. It assesses the inflow and outflow of your resources, income, assets and liabilities.
The Importance of having a Financial Plan
Having a sound financial plan comes with advantages galore. Here is what you could get out of it.
>>  Helping you make the right investment decisions: Having a plan gives a meaningful direction with regards to financial decisions. Which investment to choose, the type and its tenure. Making the right investment decisions would ensure you have the funds available at the time you need it the most.
>> Understand risk appetite: A financial plan gives you a clear picture of how much risk you could take. Where some of us may be in a better position to take risks, few of us may be totally averse to risk. Your risk profile is based on certain factors such as family conditions, commitments, age and available liquidity. You need to figure out what your own risk profile is and how much risk is comfortable to you.
>>  Accumulate wealth focussing on goals: Instead of random investing, a plan lets you systematically accumulate wealth be it to fulfil goals, retirement or to meet an emergency situation.
What to expect in an effective Financial Plan
A financial plan is unique to an individual. It caters to meeting your individual needs and life goals, including the broad areas of:
>> Investment Planning: This is all about choosing the right asset class to invest in and create wealth. You risk- return profile is arrived at on the basis of your preferences, dependents, goals and life stage you are in. Planning investments gives you an insight on liquidity and maturity to make them available for you when it is needed.
>> Cash Flow Planning: This includes budgeting, prioritizing your income towards necessity expenditures and saving towards building wealth.
>> Tax planning: The Income Tax Act makes provisions to reduce tax liability for investments made in various financial instruments under various sections. Having a plan lets you effectively decrease taxes by channelizing your investments rightly.
>> Retirement Planning: Retirement planning aims to provide a financially secure life in the golden years of life. It guides you through the right choices for wealth accumulation so that even when the regular income stops, there still are finances available in the remaining years.
>> Risk Management and insurance planning: A vital aspect, it ensures there is adequate financial protection- be it life, health or other assets. A plan is required to determine the appropriate coverage on the basis of requirement and affordability. One should be adequately covered at all times to meet unforeseen events.
>> Estate planning- This is all about transferring the acquired wealth and assets among heirs during lifetime or after death.
>> Goals planning: Planning towards acquiring a house or towards children. It determines the milestone and its time frame, as to when you desire to achieve it.
The Roadmap of Financial Planning
A financial plan is unique to every individual. Though based on the basic principal of helping you achieve life goals, every plan is specific to individual goals. So what may be suitable to you, may really not work for another person. 
There is no right time to create a financial plan. Nevertheless the earlier in your career you do so, the better it is. So assess your needs and define your goals well. Work towards channelizing your cash inflow as per your plan, to enable your money to offer you much more.

What s more important Your car or youYateesh Srivastava
AEGON Religare Life Insurance
The other day I received a renewal premium notice from my motor insurance company. My first instinct was to click the ‘pay now’ link on the mailer and renew the insurance for my car. As I was completing the payment a thought struck me that the cost of insuring my car – a reliable, eight year old sedan with over 100,000 kilometres on the odometer – taking into account my no claim bonus, was almost the same as buying a term insurance plan for Rs. 1 crore for myself. And this was at my age in the mid-forties. Had I been younger my cost of motor insurance would have far exceeded the cost of insuring my life. That startling fact stopped me in my tracks. How come so many of us are happy to pay to insure our cars while we are so reluctant to pay for life insurance?
Motor insurance covers us for total write-off of the vehicle, damages and damages caused to others. In very much the same manner life insurance covers us for death and critical illnesses, though there is no comparable third party liability. Yet a large percentage of people driving around in fully insured cars are wary of similarly securing their own lives at roughly the same, if not cheaper cost.
This is exactly the kind of mind set that has for many years subdued the growth of the protection component of life insurance. People thought it was not worthwhile to pay for protection without getting anything back if they happened to survive the policy term. The question they never asked is what would happen if something were to happen to them and they were not insured? The answer to that question is frankly pretty depressing.
Just as motor insurance provides you with money to buy a new car in case of a total write-off, life insurance allows your family to ensure that they can maintain the lifestyle they are accustomed to in case of your death. As the bread winner it is your responsibility to ensure the financial security of your family. Also just as motor insurance provides you with cash to cope with accidents and damages, life insurance policies come with riders that protect you from undue financial strain in case of disability and illness.
Buying a life insurance policy that adequately covers you is not a decision that you should delay any longer. There are a host of online options available to choose from that can provide you with a life cover of Rs. 1 crore for just a few thousand rupees. Policies also come with riders, supplemental cover, to cover you for disability and critical illnesses. Just as you insure your car remember to insure yourself as well. Remember from your family’s point of view term insurance too is statutory.

Five More Airstrikes Hit Terrorist Targets in Syria  Iraq: Pentagonfive more airstrikes hit terrorist targets in syria  iraq: pentagon
How MOM operated with clockwork precision | India 1st Asian nation to reach MarsHow MOM operated with clockwork precision | India 1st Asian nation to reach Mars
Sensex recoups most losses to end 31 pts down after SC verdictSensex recoups most losses to end 31 pts down after SC verdict
FMCG stocks surge nearly 3%FMCG stocks surge nearly 3%
SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh startSC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start
Asiad volleyball: Indian men win  women loseAsiad volleyball: Indian men win  women lose
Accenture Plc quarterly revenue rises 9.7 per centAccenture Plc quarterly revenue rises 9.7 per cent
Angel expects Indian Rupee to trade on negative noteAngel expects Indian Rupee to trade on negative note
Sasken CEO resigns; Rajiv Mody to manage for nowSasken CEO resigns; Rajiv Mody to manage for now
The Apple Watch Isn t the Only Game in Townthe apple watch isn t the only game in town
Jason Heltzer on the secret to being a successful entrepreneurJason Heltzer on the secret to being a successful entrepreneur
Jason Heltzer on the secret to being a successful entrepreneur
Jason Heltzer, a partner at Chicago-based venture capital firm Origin Ventures, discusses "a powerful catalyst for innovation around the world," learning from experiences and people-based businesses.
Jason Heltzer, a partner at Chicago-based venture capital firm Origin Ventures, discusses "a powerful catalyst for innovation around the world," learning from experiences and people-based businesses.

Housing Development Finance Corporation allots equity sharesHousing Development Finance Corporation allots equity shares
New Video Reveals The Dark Side Of Long iPhone Linesreddit
For some, the annual pilgrimage to an Apple store to buy a glossy new iPhone is purely for the spectacle. Die-hard fans spend hours outside to be a part of the fanfare and become the first to get their hands on latest device.
But a disturbing new video documents why so many are willing to wait in line: They're reselling the phones for cash. In a six-minute short film, filmmaker Casey Neistat highlights the black market for phones at New York City's Apple stores. Here's how the process works.
With the aid of a Mandarin translator, Neistat interviewed elderly Chinese men and women who all said they were buying phones for themselves or loved ones.
Some of them weren't. Instead, they'd later be seen hawking the phones on the streets.
The iPhone line looked nothing like the joyous atmosphere Apple prefers, as people slept on a trash-filled street.
One woman even got arrested, though it was unclear why.
Once in the store, lots of customers paid for their phones in big wads of cash.
Neistat speculates the black market has something to do with the "Chinese mafia." Apple has yet to announce when it will start selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in China this year, drawing high demand and ridiculous prices for the product overseas. According to Bloomberg , the 128 GB iPhone 6 model is being sold for as much as $2,400 in China (compared to $649 in the U.S.). A security expert told Bloomberg that up to 5 million new iPhones may end up being smuggled into China.
More:

FTC may sue to stop US Foods acquisitionFTC may sue to stop US Foods acquisition
A US. Foods truck is shown on delivery in in San Diego in this file photo
MIKE BLAKE, REUTERS
Dining and Drinking Antitrust Issues Federal Trade Commission
FTC mulling antitrust lawsuit against Sysco, US Foods deal
The Federal Trade Commission is considering a possible antitrust lawsuit against Sysco Corp's $3.5 billion deal to buy Rosemont-based US Foods, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The FTC has been investigating the proposed merger, which was announced in December and would combine the only two food suppliers with a nationwide reach.
U.S. Foods being acquired by Sysco for $3.5 billion Open link
The consumer protection watchdog is also mulling alternatives such as mandating Sysco and US Foods to divest assets to competitors, the report said .
The antitrust concerns focus on whether the merger will drive up costs for thousands of restaurants, hospitals and hotels that they supply on nationwide contracts.
The commission is expected to make a decision within weeks on whether to block the deal, the report said.

Blue Cross  State Farm team up to sell health policies3
Bloomington-based State Farm, whose agents have long sold health policies in addition to home and auto policies, will exclusively sell Blue Cross and Blue Shield individual policies in Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas beginning Nov. 15, the start of open enrollment for coverage that begins in 2015.
State Farm agents will earn commissions for selling individual and family Blue Cross products listed both on and off the health care exchanges created under the Affordable Care Act. The agreement does not include small-group or Medicare plans. State Farm will cease selling individual plans from Milwaukee-based Assurant Health in the five HCSC states, Welch said.
The pact should allow Blue Cross, which signed up 1.2 million people across five states in 2014, to  beef up its enrollment figures even more as more Americans seek individual insurance policies under the health law.  
“Any time you bring two of the most recognized brands together, it gives (customers) more opportunities to buy our products,” Welch said.  “It’s an alliance with mutual benefits. Expectations are high.”
HCSC views the partnership as a way to penetrate harder-to-reach markets within its five states by leveraging State Farm’s retail storefronts. State Farm has more than 11,000 agents scattered across 3,300 agencies in the five states, including 4,000 at 1,200 storefront agencies in Illinois.
Last year, agents and brokers were responsible for about 65 percent of the policies it sold outside of the Obamacare marketplaces, but only 20 percent of those sold inside.
Initially, Blue Cross expects most of the policies sold by State Farm to be those listed outside of the marketplaces. “But as time goes on, I expect we’ll start seeing more and more on-exchange members who are subsidy-eligible coming through because of the storefront perspective,” Welch said.
pfrost@tribune.com

Los Angeles Port Firelos angeles port fire
Chelsea Manning files suit over militarys decision not to provide hormone treatementBy Sandhya Somashekhar September 23 Follow @sandhyawp
In this undated file photo provided by the U.S. Army, Pfc. Chelsea Manning poses for a photo wearing a wig and lipstick.  (AP Photo/U.S. Army, File)
Chelsea Manning, the Army private serving 35 years for leaking military and diplomatic secrets to the anti-secrecy site WikiLeaks, filed a lawsuit Tuesday alleging that the military has failed to fulfill its constitutional obligation to provide treatment for her gender dysphoria.
The term describes a condition in which a person’s innate sense of their gender differs from the one he or she was assigned at birth. Manning, who enlisted in the Army as a man, announced last year that she was a transgender woman and would seek treatment for her condition while serving her prison term.
In the suit , Manning’s attorneys argue that, despite her repeated requests, the military has failed to provide hormone therapy or permit her to live outwardly as a woman, which amounts to a violation of the Constitution’s prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.
“Every day that goes by without appropriate treatment, Plaintiff experiences escalating anxiety, distress, and depression. She feels as though her body is being poisoned by testosterone,” wrote the attorneys, including lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union. “Plaintiff fears that without appropriate treatment, her anguish will only escalate and she will not be able to survive the 35 years of her sentence, let alone the next few years.”
Multiple military doctors have diagnosed Manning with gender dysphoria over the years, but the Army has struggled with how to deal with her and respond to her repeated requests for treatment and accommodations while serving her sentence at the military prison in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
While federal prisons have systems in place to deal with transgender inmates, military prisons do not, because transgender people are technically barred from serving. The Army has changed its records to reflect Manning’s name change, from Bradley to Chelsea, but it still considers Manning a male and has housed her with male inmates.
The Army has said in the past  that Manning was approved to receive some treatment, and according to the suit, Manning was recently given access to women’s undergarments. But Manning has asked to be allowed grow out her hair and use women’s cosmetics and grooming products. She has also asked for hormone therapy, including estrogens and anti-androgens. In the suit, she has not asked for surgery.
According to the suit, Manning has contemplated suicide and self-mutilation. An outside expert retained by Manning concluded that she “is experiencing significant distress and is at high risk for serious medical consequences, including self-castration and suicide, if such medically necessary treatment is not promptly provided.”
The Army declined to comment, citing a longstanding policy against commenting on pending litigation.
Sandhya Somashekhar is the social change reporter for the Washington Post.

Epilogue: Odd couples  and triosBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 23 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I am having a somewhat difficult time getting my head around the idea of Seth MacFarlane, who most recently gave us the confusing cocktail of the racist “Dads” and the delightful “Cosmos,” Jonathan Ames, the voice behind “Bored to Death,” and the marvelously hard-boiled actress Jacki Weaver  working together on a new television show , but who knows, maybe it will be fantastic! So, for our question of the evening: what totally unexpected collaborations do you think would result in pop cultural magic?
Actors Keegan-Michael Key (L) and Jordan Peele attend Comedy Central’s “Key And Peele” press line during Comic-Con International 2014 at Hilton Bayfront on July 24, 2014 in San Diego, California. (Photo by Mark Davis/Getty Images)
• The piece about Shonda Rhimes’ worldview and television brand that you actually wanted to read.
• Plus, Rhimes’ actors talk about what it is like to work for and with her.
• The X-Men characters from the original trilogy are going to be recast as the franchise goes forward.

Julian Sanchez on encryption  law enforcement  and the balance of powerBy Orin Kerr September 24
Over at Cato at Liberty , Julian Sanchez has an excellent post criticizing and responding to my three posts on encryption and the new Apple iOS8 operating system. The whole thing is worth reading. If you’ve been following my posts, definitely check it out.
Here’s a particularly interesting excerpt, with a paragraph break added:
[T]echnology does not necessarily provide us with easy Goldilocks policy options: Sometimes there is just no good way to preserve capabilities to which police have grown accustomed without imposing radical restrictions on technologies used lawfully by millions of people—restrictions which are likely to as prove futile in the long run as they are costly. But this hardly means that evolving technology is bad for law enforcement on net.
On the contrary, even if we focus narrowly on the iPhone, it seems clear that what Apple taketh away from police with one hand, it giveth with the other: The company’s ecosystem considered as a whole provides a vast treasure trove of data for police even if that trove does not include backdoor access to physical devices. The ordinary, unsophisticated criminal may be more able to protect locally stored files than he was a decade ago, but in a thousand other ways, he can expect to be far more minutely tracked in both his online and offline activities. An encrypted text messaging system may be worse from the perspective of police than an unencrypted one, but it is it really any worse than a system of pay phones that allow criminals to communicate without leaving any record for police to sift through after the fact?
Meanwhile activities that would once have left no permanent trace by default — from looking up information to moving around in the physical world to making a purchase — now leave a trail of digital breadcrumbs that would have sounded like a utopian fantasy to an FBI agent in the 1960s. Law enforcement may moan that they are “going dark” when some particular innovation makes their jobs more difficult (while improving the security of law-abiding people’s private data), but when we consider the bigger picture, it is far easier to agree with the experts who have dubbed our era the Golden Age of Surveillance. Year after year, technology opens a thousand new windows to our government monitors. If we aim to preserve an “equilibrium” between government power and citizen privacy, we should accept that it will occasionally close one as well.
It’s a fair point, well-expressed. My own area is criminal law and procedure rather than the national security context. Speaking only about the context of criminal investigations, my own sense is that changing technology, law, and social practice make it too early to say that there’s a clear shift in the equilibrium in some overall sense. New technologies make some crimes easier to investigate but make other crimes harder to investigate. Different law enforcement agencies have different levels of expertise and resources. The cat-and-mouse game is playing out differently in different kinds of cases.
If Julian is right, though, I don’t think it means that the widespread use of encryption will have no effect on Fourth Amendment law. Even if the increasing use of encryption will help to restore the status quo balance of power, that restoration is likely to have a significant influence in terms of changes not taken. Consider the debate over the plain view exception to the Fourth Amendment. I’ve argued that the courts should eliminate the plain view exception for digital searches because computer searches bring so much information into plain view. It’s an equilibrium-adjustment idea: The existing plain view doctrine gives the government too much power given the new technological facts of computers. If broad use of encryption ends up making it much harder for the government to get access to contents, however, I suspect courts will be less inclined to take away that law enforcement power. Perhaps the same is true for the metadata debate. If the widespread use of encryption ends up broadly limiting access to contents even with a warrant, perhaps courts become less likely to impose new Fourth Amendment restrictions on access to metadata.
Either way, it’s going to be a very interesting dynamic to watch.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Rupee down 7 paise vs dollar in early tradeRupee falls for 3rd day against US dollar, ends at 60.96
PTI  Mumbai, September 24, 2014
First Published: 09:58 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:08 IST(24/9/2014)
Sustained dollar demand fromimporters and weakness in local equities today pulled the Indian rupee down for the third straight day with the currency ending two paise lower at 60.96 against the greenback.
Advertisement
Heavy selling by foreign funds yesterday in local stocks and better dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.03 a dollar from previous close of 60.94.
It moved in a limited range of 60.9250 and 61.05 before settling at 60.96, a fall of two paise or 0.03%. In three straight days, it has declined 15 paise or 0.25%.
Continued month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners weighed on the rupee.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday washed out major part of afternoon session losses to end down by mere 31 points or 0.12%.
FPIs/FIIs pulled out USD 156.79 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data. The dollar index was up marginally and remained near four-year peak against major rivals, underpinned by safe-haven buying as US and Arab warplanes struck targets in Syria.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.70 to 61.40."
The next major trigger for the markets will be the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review on September 30.
"Investors believe that the authority is widely expected to keep policy rates unchanged for a fourth consecutive time as the nation continues to battle inflation," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.

AAP plans to expose corrupt candidatesAAP plans to expose corrupt candidates
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 24, 2014
First Published: 00:49 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:06 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) may not be fighting the upcoming Assembly elections, but it still plans to be part of the electoral process. The party will act as a watchdog and plans to expose corrupt candidates as well as run a campaign against electoral malpractices.
Advertisement
The citizen-centric campaign will be called ‘Jagrut Nagrik’.
According to Priti Sharma Menon, AAP spokesperson, the whole initiative is to encourage participatory democracy. “We will publish pamphlets and hold meetings and street plays exposing corrupt candidates and encourage citizens to vote for clean candidates,” said Menon. AAP will also start a drive against the menace of black money, alcohol and other bribes paid to lure the voters. “Our helpline will guide people to fight these corrupt practices and we will take to the streets to protest against this menace,” she added.
The party plans to team up with citizens to prepare a ‘Citizens Charter’ and will demand that the candidates pledge to implement them after winning the election.
After its disastrous performance in the Lok Sabha elections, where the party lost deposits in 47 of the 48 constituencies it contested from, the AAP central wing decided against contesting the state Assembly polls. The AAP also directed its workers not to support or campaign for anyone, but to undertake a voter-centric drive. “There may be good candidates, but we don’t have the means to evaluate them and hence have decided to be neutral and educate the people to elect clean candidates,” said Menon.

BSE Sensex edges lower after Supreme Court scraps most coal block allocationsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Doctors perform birth surgeries under candlelight in KashmirDoctors perform birth surgeries under candlelight in Kashmir
PTI  Srinagar, September 24, 2014
First Published: 15:50 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:55 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
When the floods wreaked havoc in Kashmir and plunged most parts of the Valley into darkness, few doctors at a lone maternity care hospital in Srinagar, lent a ray of light to people's lives by performing birth surgeries under candlelight.
Doctors at the Lal Ded Hospital, whose ground floor was submerged by flood waters from Jhelum, performed six deliveries under the candlelight as the electricity supply to the hospital was snapped on September 6, and the generator stopped working the very next day. "Since electricity was snapped on Saturday evening and genset stopped working as water entered into it on Sunday morning, we had to perform deliveries under candlelight later that day," Medical Superintendent, Lal Ded Hospital, Mushtaq Ahmad Rather told PTI.
He said a team of doctors led by Head of Department (HoD), Gynaecology, Shehnaz Taing performed four normal deliveries and two Lower Segment Caesarean Section (LSCS) on six women under the candlelight on Sunday evening. "The procedures involved high risk, but thankfully, by the grace of god, all the six babies and their mothers were fine when they were shifted from here," Rather said. The medical superintendent said the procedures were not an easy task as the oxygen supply and sterilisation set-up had been affected by the floods.
"We had kept the portable oxygen cylinders on standby to meet any emergency," he said. Rather said despite the floods affecting the normal functioning of the hospital, it witnessed no deaths. "There were no deaths in the hospital after the flood waters entered here till the patients were shifted to safety," he said. The doctor said even as they were cut-off from the rest of the world, they did not let the patients or their attendants suffer.
"Most of my staff had no information about their families. We did not know what had happened to them and no one from outside reached us. But we did not let the patients or their attendants suffer and managed from whatsoever limited resources, including drugs, we had here," he said. He credited his staff, family members of the patients and local volunteers for displaying "exemplary courage" in dealing with the situation. "We had nowhere to go.
No one came to our rescue. A few local youth came to us asking if we needed any help. I told them we needed some food items like biscuits and water and most importantly we need candles," he said. The superintendent said the hospital staff, along with attendants of patients, cooked 'khichidi' that was served to all. More than 3,500 babies were born in government hospitals in Kashmir at the peak of devastating floods that has affected most of the tertiary care hospitals in the Valley.

Himachal Pradesh: 23 feared drowned as bus falls into reservoirComments
At least 25 people were killed and 21 others were injured as a private bus in which they were travelling fell into the Gobind Sagar reservoir near Kandraur in this district on Wednesday.
The overcrowded 21-seater bus met with the accident near Rahian bridge around 8.45 am. There were 47 passengers in the bus. A few passengers managed to jump out of the bus and survived with injuries.
Passengers even occupied the roof of the bus that was on its way from Rishikesh village to Ghumarwin town, both in Bilaspur district. Majority of the passengers were office-goers and students.
Of the dead, 19 were men and six women. All barring one deceased have been identified. Most of the deceased were locals.
Locals reached the spot and started rescue operations. Police and home guard jawans besides the Bhakra Beas Management Board divers joined the rescue. Services of local fishermen were also taken.
The injured were shifted to the regional hospital in Bilaspur and the civil hospital at Ghumarwin.
Eyewitnesses described speeding as the main reason for the accident, while others said a technical snag led to the accident. Director general of police Sanjay Kumar, who, along with principal secretary revenue Tarun Sridhar, arrived on the scene to oversee the rescue operations, told HT, “Survivors told us that they heard a strange sound in the bus before it fell into the reservoir. Only the probe will clarify as to what really led to the accident.”
Meanwhile, the Bilaspur additional district magistrate has been told to conduct an inquiry into the accident and submit the report in a week.
Governor Urmila Singh and chief minister Virbhadra Singh expressed grief at the accident. The chief minister said a sum of Rs. 10,000 each had been given as immediate relief to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs. 5,000 each to the injured, adding that an ex-gratia amount of Rs. 1.5 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in the mishap would soon be distributed. The chief minister said all expenses incurred on the treatment of the injured would be taken care of by the government.
  
A large number of people were said to be communting from one area to another in the bus.23 feared are to be dead in this entire accident.HT Photo
Local gathered at the spot making anxious enquiries about the victims of the mishap.HT Photo
Rescue operations underway at the accident site near Auhar in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh.HT Photo
Condition of 40-seater bus that met with an accident.It is said that it was packed to capacity and some people were said to have been also travelling on its roof.HTPhoto

Dollar and stocks can thrive togetherDollar and stocks can thrive together
By Jamie Chisholm
But emerging market assets remain vulnerable
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a6af506a-43c0-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GE to Give Penn State $10M for Gas Drilling CenterAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Jet Airways enhances connectivity to GulfJet Airways enhances connectivity to Gulf
10 species that could vanish in your childrens lifetimeBy Darryl Fears September 24 Follow @bydarrylfears
In their losing battle with television and digital devices, conservationists have urged parents to get the kiddies to the great outdoors . But even if parents managed to pull their children away from cellphones, what would they find in America's wilderness?
A new report  by the Endangered Species Coalition, an alliance of 10 environmental activist groups, says they'll see fewer things in nature than their parents did. Many are listed as threatened or endangered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife. Here are 10 plants and animals the groups say your children might never see.
(Johanna James-Heinz/AP)
Rusty patched bumblebees
These big, fat and cute bees were once the most common bees in North America, buzzing across millions of acres in the United States, sucking nectar and moving pollen from the male to female parts of plants, making them one of America's most efficient pollinators, worth about $3 billion per year to U.S. agriculture. Now they have lost nearly 90 percent of their range.
(Billy Hefton/Enid News & Eagle via AP)
Monarch butterflies
When farmers spray pesticides to protect corn and soy they've planted throughout the Midwest, the chemicals also fall on a food that's cherished by monarch caterpillars: milkweed. Monarch caterpillars are creepy and black and yellow striped early in life, but eventually they become one of the prettiest butterflies to take flight. Up to a billion monarchs once fluttered about from Canada to Mexico, but lately they've been grounded; only 33 million remain.
(Leila Navidi/The Star Tribune via AP)
Polar bears
Being the largest predator on land is not easy. A fully grown male polar bear weighs well more than half a ton, and has a big belly to fill. With ice melting because of global warming and the seal blubber it needs to survive drifting away, polar bears are struggling to survive. They can eat as much as  100 pounds of fat in a single meal, the report says. Many drown attempting to swim to ice floes in search of food.
(AP/U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service/Marvin Moriarty)
Little brown bats
These little creatures are about to head back into caves for their annual hibernation. Chances are, many of them won't come back out. There's a monster lurking in those caves that attacks numerous species of bats, but kills little browns more than most. It's called White Nose Syndrome, a fungus that covers the winged animals when their hearts slow and their bodies go cold during their deep sleep, wreaking havoc on their bodies. The government count of bats killed by white nose was nearly 7 million  — two years ago in the Northeast, Southeast and parts of the Midwest. In Pennsylvania, little brown bat mortality was nearly 100 percent.
(Carl de Souza/AFP/GettyImages)
Great white sharks
Great white sharks are partially warm-blooded animals that slice through the water at up to 35 mph. But their offspring, shark pups, can't outrun commercial gill nets that pull them up as by-catch — creatures caught by fishermen who are targeting something else, such as tuna. Fishing for great whites is illegal because their numbers are dwindling due to mortality at the hands of humans, but there's no limit on the by-catch in nursery areas off California and Mexico in the gulf, unintentionally killing up to 200 young sharks per year, the reports says. Great whites grow slowly and mature late on their way to living as long as 70 years, "but low reproductive rates, small populations, and by-catch keep this species at risk of extinction," the study says.
(U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service via AP)
Mountain yellow-legged frogs
Frogs were so plentiful in the southern Sierra Nevada and Southern California that they hopped on anyone who hiked the gorgeous landscapes of their territory. The vast majority of those populations have gone extinct, "and the remaining colonies have only about 10 adults," the report says. "And it’s all about us; we are degrading and destroying their habitats." How? Frogs are sensitive to pesticides that run from farms and housing developments into the freshwater streams they inhabit. It's a big loss because frogs eat flies, wasps and other pests that trouble humans.
(National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration via AP)
North Pacific right whales
These whales are some of the most endangered animals on Earth. Some estimates say only 30 remain in U.S. waters, but there's no way of knowing for sure. Once they were plentiful, but hunting that lasted from the 1800s until the 1960s took about 30,000, and now the whales are classified as endangered throughout its range, according to NOAA.
(Donald Owen/California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection/Bugwood.org)
White bark pine
White bark does a lot for nature. It provides shelter for numerous animals and birds and helps grizzlies get fat and healthy off its pine seeds. But nature isn't giving back. The species is being ravaged by a beetle that's spreading because of global warming, and it's being attacked by a fungus. In the western United States and Canada, its historic range, 85 percent of white bark has been wiped out. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says the pine is worthy of endangered species protection but hasn't been listed because other species are a higher priority.
(Kim Toulouse/Nevada Department of Wildlife via AP)
The greater sage-grouse
The greater sage-grouse is the poster bird of the conservationist movement. Its range, which once covered 297 million acres across more than a dozen Western states, has given way to development and natural gas exploration , and is now in the path of the Keystone oil pipeline from Canada to Texas. But federal agencies strongly disagree with conservationists over whether projects should be halted to protect the bird. "U.S. Fish and Wildlife supports efforts to keep the greater sage-grouse off the endangered species list" by managing its habitat better, an agency Web post says.
(Steve Ringman/The Seattle Times)
Snake River sockeye salmon
There was a time when 40,000 of these fish with a green head and red body returned to spawn in the Rocky Mountains. But that was before four federal dams blocked its path. In 1992, one fish made it back. Since that time, federal, state and tribal fish managers have spent $40 million in an attempt to restock 2,500 salmon in the river. U.S. Fish and Wildlife lists Snake River sockeye as threatened and endangered in Oregon and Washington.
Read more:

Verdict to set stage for reforms | Allocation of 214 coal blocks quashedSupreme Court judgement on coal blocks to set stage for further reforms
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Tags:
CIL
(The court let off two coal…)
KOLKATA: The Supreme Court judgement on coal blocks will set the stage for the next stage of reforms on the coal sector. For one, it gives the government an opportunity to truly open up the market by allowing private investment, trading and entry of global players in the sector. In the short term, however, the court has allowed a breather of six months before the blocks are handed over to Coal India and this may lead to higher production from the operational blocks.
Kameswara Rao, Leader (Energy Utilities& Mining Practice) at PwC said : "The SC judgment strong consequences for both the short and long-term. It paves the way for the government to introduce comprehensive reforms and develop a competitive market by permitting private capital, trading, global technology and doing away with end-use restrictions, all of which are restricting development at present."
"Other than the incidence of penalties, it will be business as usual for the companies the next six months before CIL takes over end of March 2015. The companies will aim to maximise production in this period, as it would improve returns even if marginally, and it may help get better compensation if any is offered when these are finally auctioned by the government," Mr Rao said.
He was commenting after the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The court let off two coal blocks operated by Reliance Power and one each by state-run NTPC and SAIL as they are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP). Companies will also be allowed to take part in the auction when it takes place in future.
But the situation is likely to remain complex and worrisome in the transition period before the blocks are auctioned off. For instance, a lot of contracts have been signed with major equipment suppliers, like Komatsu and Caterpillar. The question is whether Coal India will honour those equipment deals, post March 2015. There will be other radical challenges as well. It remains to be seen as to how bank deals will work out, like in cases where the banks may have asked for personal guarantees from promoters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pvt telcos can be vital in Digital India ro...Digital India
(Government has brought…)
KOLKATA: The telecom regulator has rued India's dismal broadband penetration and questioned the telecom department's decision to only involve state-owned telecom companies to implement the Rs 21,000 crore national optic fibre network (NOFN) project that is already running three years behind schedule.
In a consultation paper titled 'Delivering Broadband Quickly', unveiled Wednesday, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has also invited industry feedback on a relevant "timeframe for auctioning spectrum in the 700 MHz band," to offer the most efficient airwaves to telcos for boosting India's poor broadband penetration.
It has also invited suggestions on awarding engineering, procurement & construction (EPC) contracts to private telecom operators through the international competitive bidding route to speed up NOFN, which will be the core broadband backbone for delivering high-speed internet and government services to the common man under the Centre's Rs 1.13 lakh-crore Digital India drive.
"Are PSUs ideal choices for implementing the NOFN project, and is it not possible to piggyback on existing private sector access networks to minimize costs in reaching remote rural locations,?" asked Trai in its consultation paper.
The telecom department has mandated state-run Bharat Broadband Networks to implement the NOFN venture as the principal bandwidth supplier, and asked state-run firms Bharat Sanchar Nigam, Power Grid Corp and RailTel to handle the countrywide cable laying, trenching and ducting work.
In an interview to ET in August, Trai Chairman Rahul Khullar had doubted if the government will be able to meet the 2019 timeline to implement the Digital India initiative, given the delays in the NOFN project, and had called upon the centre to evaluate involving private sector telecom players to speed it up.
The telecom regulator's scathing criticism of India's broadband act also come barely 24 hours after telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad deplored the tardy progress of the NOFN project, which he said was contributing to "India's broadband deficit".
To suggestions in a late August ET interview that the private sector may be roped in for the NOFN project to speed it up, Prasad had said the government will continue to implement it through state-run public sector units.
Apart from inviting suggestions on reducing broadband infrastructure development costs, Trai has also sought views on involving the private sector to reduce high-speed internet delivery costs. It has also sought feedback on the quantum of spectrum required to achieve national broadband penetration targets, identifying relevant frequency bands and ways to encourage government agencies to surrender their idle spectrum.
It has also elicited views on potential policy changes needed to ramp up broadband penetration by leveraging India's significant cable TV network. In this case, Trai's poser echoes DoT's recent plans to revisit a proposal of India's broadband policy of 2004, which had suggested using the country's cable TV infrastructure as a franchisee network of internet service providers for delivering broadband.
The DoT is known to be mulling a relook at existing internet service provider (ISP) licence conditions and a separate ISP permit only for cable TV broadband, so that existing cable TV infrastructure can be leveraged efficiently.
The Trai consultation paper also wonders why "wifi hotspots" haven't seen decent traction in all these years, and elicits views on ways to evolve a robust ecosystem for fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) networks.
Issues raised by Trai are likely to mirror some of the highlights of the new BJP-led government's broadband policy that likens broadband connectivity to a fundamental right like education and health. The new broadband policy is likely to also explore ways to attract large investment from potential developers of fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) networks.
The broadband focus also stems from India's modest broadband subscriber base of 70.81 milllion as on July 2014, comprising 15.04 million wireline broadband customers and 55.77 million mobile broadband users, as per Trai data. This pales in comparison with the nearly 800 million mobile phone subscribers as on July end.
While the new policy will not tinker with NTP 2012 broadband penetration target of 175 million customers by 2015, it has advanced the 2020 target date for 600 million broadband customers by a year to 2019, according to a recent DoT note seen by ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spices export touches over Rs 4K cr in four ...You are here: Home > Collections
Spices export touches over Rs 4,000 crore in four months
ET Bureau Sep 25, 2014, 04.42AM IST
Tags:
A Jayathilak
(Export of all major spices…)
KOCHI: Spices exports have jumped 10% in quantity and 11% in value for the four-month period of April-July 2014.
The total export of spices during the period touched 2,71,280 tonne valued at Rs4,339 crore ($721.02 million). Chilli and mint continued to be the largest foreign exchange earners in the spice basket. The increase is 6% in dollar terms.
"Promising export figures point to an increased demand for Indian spices. We look forward to an alltime high export record for the financial year with prominence to value-added products,'' Spices Board chairman A Jayathilak said. In 2013-14, a total of 8,17,250 tonne, valued at Rs13,735 crore ($2,267 million) was exported.
Chilli exports at 99,000 tonne worth Rs938.8 crore showed 33% increase in quantity and 37% rise in value for four months. Mint products came second in earnings at 7,100 tonnes valued at Rs828.25 crore. Cumin at 58,000 tonne worthRs672.10 crore came next in the earnings.
Export of value-added products like spice oils and oleoresins stood at 3,975 tonne valued Rs543.95 crore.
Despite high prices in the domestic market, pepper exports showed 54% rise in quantity at 6450 tonne and 43% increase in value atRs332.46 crore.
Ginger, turmeric and seed spices also showed good improvement. Overall, all 18 spice varieties showed an increase.
The board has targeted 7,55,000 tonne valued at Rs12,304.90 crore for the year 2014-15. In four months, export of spices have shown an achievement of 36% in quantity and 35% in value of rupees. The US and China are main importers of Indian spices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WHO says Ebola vaccine could be ready by year-endDAKAR, Senegal, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 18:02 IST
WHO says Ebola vaccine could be ready by year-end
AP
Tweet
AP WHO Director-General Margaret Chan
The World Health Organization (WHO) on Wednesday said a vaccine might be available in large enough quantities by the end of the year to help control West Africa’s Ebola outbreak.
There is currently no licensed treatment or vaccine for Ebola, although scientists are testing two vaccines.
Ebola is believed to have sickened more than 5,800 people in five West African countries. This outbreak is the first to hit urban areas and it has been difficult to control by the traditional methods of isolating sick people and monitoring everyone they came in contact with.
Previously experts had said a drug or vaccine was unlikely to be ready in time to help in this outbreak.

Renault launches Duster All Wheel Drive at Rs 11.89 lakhHi Guest
Renault launches Duster All Wheel Drive at Rs 11.89 lakh
Photograph: Kind Courtesy, Renault  The Renault Duster All Wheel Drive variant was launched at a price of Rs 11,89,499 for the RxL variant and Rs 12,99,499 for the RxZ variant (ex-showroom Delhi). The vehicle is fitted with an all-wheel drive system that Renault dubs as the ‘i Drive Technology.’ It offers shift-by-fly options for 2WD, Auto & 4WD. The car driven by a 6-speed manual transmission. The vehicle is powered by a 1.5-litre diesel engine that develops 110 PS (108.45 ...

Supreme Court scraps nearly all coal blocks allocated since 1993Supreme Court scraps nearly all coal blocks allocated since 1993
US congratulates India for MOM s successUS congratulates India for MOM s success
Trivia: Asian Development Bank  LIC s chairman  Surya Kumar Roy etc.Trivia: Asian Development Bank  LIC s chairman  Surya Kumar Roy etc.
HCC gets orders worth Rs 208 crore from BMCHCC gets orders worth Rs 208 crore from BMC
Spice exports up on increased global demandSpice exports up on increased global demand
Samsung mulling launch of Galaxy Note 4 post Apple s big screen successSamsung mulling launch of Galaxy Note 4 post Apple s big screen success
First Chicago Olive Garden opening next weekFirst Chicago Olive Garden opening next week
Olive Garden
The first Chicago Olive Garden is opening next week.
The first Chicago Olive Garden is opening next week.
Unlimited garlic breadsticks have been a staple at Olive Garden, but an activist investor is calling on the Italian food chain to give one or maybe two servings of the carbs to patrons. ( Becky Yerak )
The Italian-food chain made news recently when an activist investor called on the restaurant chain to give one or maybe two servings of garlic breadsticks to patrons, instead of unlimited. Doing so would reduce "massive unnecessary waste" and save more than $4 million, according to Starboard Value LP, an investor that is pressuring Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc. to make changes in its operations. The restaurant responded, saying it was open to ideas that are good for its guests and for Darden shareholders.

Indiana Toll Road operator set for short bankruptcy tripIndiana Toll Road operator set for short bankruptcy trip
By Michael Bathon, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
The operator of the Indiana Toll Road, which paid $3.8 billion for a 75-year operating lease, won approval Tuesday of a schedule paving the way to exit bankruptcy court protection in just more than a month.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Pamela S. Hollis in Chicago granted ITR Concession Co.'s request to set an Oct. 28 hearing on its restructuring plan. ITR filed for bankruptcy Sept. 21, saying it had put together a plan that has the support of more than 87 percent of its senior secured debt-holders and unanimous acceptance from its equity owners.
0
Under the proposal, the company would either be sold through a competitive process or restructured with $2.75 billion in new debt, with almost all the equity going to the secured creditors, according to a court filing.
"The plan has been overwhelmingly accepted," Marc Kieselstein, a lawyer for the company, said at Tuesday's hearing. The company doesn't anticipate any disruption to the road operations or inconvenience to the public, he said.
Open since 1956, the road spans 157 miles (252 kilometers) across northern Indiana, connecting Chicago to major East Coast traffic arteries, according to its website. It took more than 6,200 engineers and laborers 786 days to complete the project.
ITR Concession, owned by affiliates of Macquarie Group and Ferrovial, acquired the rights to operate the road in 2006 from the Indiana Finance Authority, according to a company statement.
In recent years, traffic has plunged on the road, leading to slower-than-anticipated earnings growth and forcing the company to devote an ever-greater share of operating income to debt service.
The sale process or restructuring could run until next August, after the company exits court protection. ITR Concession's unsecured creditors, who are owed about $8 million, its only other listed debt, will be paid in full under either scenario.
"We think there will be a robust level of interest" from buyers, Kieselstein told the court. "This is a unique, one-of- a-kind asset in the U.S., if not the world."

Suzlon Shares Crash 30% in Four DaysYou are here: Home Market
Suzlon Shares Crash 30% in Four Days
NDTV | Updated On: September 24, 2014 12:18 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in wind turbine manufacturer Suzlon Energy fell to their maximum daily limit for the fourth consecutive day in a row, down 4.83 per cent at Rs 15.75 on NSE. Further as of 11.55 a.m. there were pending sell orders for 13.66 crore shares on NSE.
Including today's fall, shares of India's largest wind power company have fallen over 30 per cent in last four trading sessions after fresh equity shares following the conversion of the company's foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) began to trade from Friday, September 19, 2014.
Suzlon Energy had issued 270 million equity shares at Rs. 15.46 per share to FCCB holders under a restructuring arrangement.
According to the arrangement, FCCBs issued earlier - including unpaid interest and default interest - were converted into equity shares. The conversion of FCCBs to equity shares resulted in dilution of promoter holding from 37.81 per cent to 34.46 per cent.
Analysts say new shareholders have been selling their shares in the open market as the new shares were issued to them at substantially lower than current market price.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 12:11 (IST)

Stocks struggle as growth concerns weighStocks shrug off lingering growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd3c531e-4398-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Motorola starts selling new Moto X on Flipkart from midnight  price starts at Rs 31 999Motorola starts selling new Moto X on Flipkart from midnight, price starts at Rs 31,999
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
Sep 24 2014, 13:41  IST
 

Over 30k people to attend PM Modi s reception event in USOver 30,000 people to attend PM Narendra Modi's community reception in US
Barun Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 14:40 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
As the Indian community in New York looks forward to hear Prime Minister Narendra Modi , the organisers of the upcoming reception event at the Madison Square Garden say that the 30,000-strong crowd in attendance would include age groups ranging from 5 years to 90 years.
However, the majority of the crowd, as per a data analysis of those having registered for the event, would be in the age group of 30-35 years.
The registration for the Community Reception event at Madison Square Garden for Modi, to be held on September 28, has ended.
The data analysis includes approximately 20,000 registrants through "Welcoming Partner" organisations and about 10,000 registrants through the General Admission.
The female participation is expected to be maximum in the age group of 20-25 years.
The data shows that about 12 per cent of the attendees would be in the 30-year age group, followed by about 11 per cent each in the 35-year and 40-year age groups, and over 10 per cent registrants in the near-25-year age group.
Those in the age group of up to 5 years are estimated over one per cent of the total crowd, while there are also a few in the age group of 85-90 years among those having registered for the event.
Those having registered for the event include representatives of groups like Gujarati Samaj of New York, Indo-American Seniors Organisation, US India Political Action Committee, Vishwa Hindu Parishad of America, Bihar Jharkhand Association of North America, New York Tamil Sangam, Indian Business Association, and Overseas Friends of BJP.
The Prime Minister will be in US from September 26-30 , during which he will address the United Nations General Assembly, hold talks with US President Barack Obama and other senior US government officials and business leaders , besides attending the community reception at New York and other events.
(PTI)

http://usat.ly/Y0AQ70FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report.
Post to Facebook
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films - and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Geena Davis: Stereotypes in movies has negative effect
Video Keywords Harry Potter imitate art Strong leadership positions science technology engineering South Korea Korea Brazil Virginia Miami Australia United States China
USA TODAY's Laura Petrecca interviews film star Geena Davis about a new report that takes a look at how women are portrayed in movies.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  So let's talk a little bit about the new report
00:04  which was commissioned by ear institute which studies gender in the
00:06  media play over some of the top line findings. So we
00:10  -- the United States that in my list of eleven territory
00:13  so we studied. Is roughly in the middle we're not. The
00:18  worst but where -- actually far from the best. So. You
00:22  know we know. A long way to go so who is
00:25  on the top the list in terms of portraying women as
00:27  strong when -- a positive light found that was of any
00:30  particular country that was. Overall the best there were -- Pockets
00:36  of five. Promise. -- South Korea. Had 50% from the lead
00:43  characters female. -- -- What I mean you know set the
00:48  today or is great and and China. Brazil and Australia had
00:52  40%. Female characters as leads so. That's pending in USS very
00:58  far from that he tells a little bit about. The roles
01:01  that -- rooms are free trade asset really don't show than
01:03  a stronger powerful way well we. Did a very comprehensive study
01:08  of occupations of all female characters and enough film and television
01:13  made in United States and found that. In that film. 80%.
01:20  Of the -- to have jobs are male so. By and
01:24  large enough characters don't have any occupation. Dare function is very
01:29  often to service eye candy. Or being the girlfriend of the
01:35  person that senator involving adventures. And there are virtually no women
01:40  in. Strong leadership positions if women don't see other women up
01:45  on the screen important roles can affect their self esteem I
01:48  think it absolutely does in fact -- the more hours of
01:51  TV a girl watches the fewer options she think she has
01:55  a life. -- self esteem goes down and voice of the
01:59  -- goes up from watching TV so this clearly. A very
02:03  negative message that is coming through. And the reverse is possible
02:08  -- that by seeing. Positive and empowering and I'm inspiring images
02:15  of female characters that. That will impact girls positive. Positively so
02:20  it seems that he can open up the -- career choices
02:23  for young women if they see positive role models on the
02:25  screen big candy can. Art. Doesn't have to do imitate life
02:31  we can turn around so that life will imitate art if
02:34  we show. On screen boards half women and the president just
02:40  as often. One and as a man and and women in
02:44  the science technology engineering and math careers. Then it looks normal
02:48  the people we could start to feel like. Hey that makes
02:51  perfect sense that women would be good at that so we
02:54  can have an enormous impact. It's 2000 Virginia are still talking
02:58  about stereotypes and found during a gender disparity right. What's holding
03:02  Hollywood back from getting those numbers up there well what's holding
03:05  everybody back you know and it isn't really an all sectors
03:08  of society. The percentage of women in. Leadership positions. Has stalled
03:14  out at around wound seventeen to 20%. Congress 18% boards or
03:20  16%. So it's kind of everywhere and in I'm. In movies.
03:27  The percentage of women in crowd scenes in group scenes is
03:31  17%. Wow so. It could create -- -- from seeing this
03:37  imbalance. From the beginning from the first thing you see as
03:41  a little kid. It looks normal. In any advice about what
03:46  folks out there can do make a difference in their own
03:48  world since her on not screenwriters are producers filmmakers -- --
03:52  right. So what I do and recommend it to people is
03:56  time to watch. Media with your kid is personal which I
04:00  would severely limit the amount of hours they can spend on
04:02  screen. Pretty much to a couple hours on the weekend. So.
04:07  That's actually it's important to limit it as much as you
04:11  can and whenever possible if you want to win them especially
04:14  when their little. You can interpret it you couldn't. Can teach
04:19  them to be media savvy unlike his watch whatever other kids
04:22  there are seeing but I. The sort of keep up a
04:25  running commentary away -- we're watching an -- Think it's weird
04:29  that there's only boys in that group of people why do
04:32  you think what you think that this is a terrific girls
04:34  could do that too and what would have been fine if
04:37  half of them were girls and things like that I asked
04:40  my daughter. Who she wanted to be when we -- after
04:44  we saw -- Harry Potter. And she said Harry Potter should
04:49  really are -- Miami says no because he does cooler stuff.
04:53  You know so phone. So I think it's really important to
04:58  two point -- just to -- you don't gonna find a
05:01  three year old -- -- You know I'm not seeing myself
05:04  fairly reference it up there on screen why do what is
05:07  you know so we have to. Pointed out to them.
Laura Petrecca , USA TODAY 10:42 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Geena Davis played a strong female character in the movie A League of Their Own.
(Photo: Columbia Pictures)
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
There is a significant lack of females in family-friendly films — and those who are in movies are often shown in sexual and non-professional roles, according to a new report that examined 120 films from 11 countries.
Research conducted by the USC Annenberg School of Communication and Journalism, and commissioned by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media, was released on Monday. Among the findings:
Of the 5,799 speaking or named characters on screen, 31% were female and 69% were male.
The majority of workers in the analyzed films were male, at 78%.
Male characters disproportionately held more powerful occupations than their female counterparts. Only 14% of business executives were female and just 10% of top-level politicians were women.
Just a quarter  of the films examined had a girl or woman as a lead or co-lead driving the plot.
Only 10% of the sample group had a "balanced cast" that featured girls or women in 45% to 54.9% of all speaking roles.
"Overall, the global picture is very bleak" when it comes to women getting equal time to men in films, as well as women being portrayed in a positive light, said Davis.
A female's function in a film is very often "to serve as eye candy or be the girlfriend of the person that's having all the adventures," said the actress, who founded the Gender in Media institute to research and help improve how women are portrayed in media.
"By seeing positive and empowering and inspiring images of female characters, that will impact girls positively to say, 'Hey, I could be that,'" she says.
"Art doesn't have to imitate life," says the star of movies such as A League of Their Own and Thelma & Louise. "We can turn it around so life will imitate art."
If movies show women in executive positions, as well as pursuing careers in science or math, "then it looks normal to people," she said. "We can start to feel like, 'Hey, that makes perfect sense that women would be good at that,'" she adds. "So it can have an enormous impact."
The just-released report examined films theatrically released between Jan. 1, 2010, and May 1, 2013, and were "roughly equivalent" to an MPAA rating of G, PG or PG-13.
It focused on films from Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Russia, South Korea, the United States and the United Kingdom.
Listen to the full interview with Geena Davis right here:
173 CONNECT 98 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uCAC0M
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Supreme Court Cancels 214 Coal Blocks; Metal Stocks CrashYou are here: Home Market
Supreme Court Cancels 214 Coal Blocks; Metal Stocks Crash
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:04 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in companies that have spent crores in developing coal mines crashed on Wednesday after the Supreme Court cancelled all but four coal blocks allocated since 1993. The court let off two coal blocks operated by Reliance Power and one each by state-run NTPC and SAIL as they are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP).
Jindal Steel and Power shares closed 10 per cent lower. Shares in Hindalco Industries, an Aditya Birla Group company, ended 0.50 per cent down. The two stocks had fallen as much as 15 and 5 per cent immediately after the verdict, but saw some recovery.
Most other metal stocks closed lower. Jindal Saw fell 3.3 per cent, while Tata Steel closed down 2.6 per cent. Reliance Power shares closed 5.3 per cent higher though.
Companies that operated coal blocks will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per metric tonne for the amount of coal they have extracted from cancelled blocks, the court ruled.
However, in partial relief, the court granted a breathing time of six months so that the operational coal blocks can be taken over by state-run Coal India Limited. The latest ruling will allow the government to come up with a plan to auction the blocks.
Public sector lender IDBI today said it has nearly Rs 2,000 crore exposure to companies affected by the Supreme Court order.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares closed down 5.5 per cent compared to a flat performance in Nifty. The Bank Nifty fell 1 per cent. The broader Nifty closed 15 points or 0.2 per cent lower.
Today's verdict was on expected lines as the top court had declared last month that India's decades-old method of granting coal mining concessions was illegal and arbitrary, but industry lobby Assocham criticised the verdict.
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," said Rana Kapoor, President of Assocham.
The government's award of more than 200 coal blocks to steel, cement and power companies was at the centre of the "Coalgate" scandal. The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in 2012 said the underpriced sales had cost the exchequer as much as $33 billion.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Police mix-up frees 3 suspected jihadis in FranceFrench army soldiers patrol among travelers, at the Gare du Nord station, in Paris, France, Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 24, 2014 3:06 pm
France’s body politic is up in arms after three suspected French jihadis who had traveled to Syria were sent home by police in Turkey without French police knowing about it.
Adding to officials’ discomfort, French authorities initially said the three men were apprehended at Paris’ Orly airport — only to announce later that the suspects had flown to Marseille, passed through a passport check and customs and walked away free.
Lawyers for the three men said Wednesday they were not on the run and available for police questions. One is the former brother-in-law of a slain extremist who led a terrorist killing spree in southern France two years ago.
Speaking on France-Info radio, Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian decried a “huge foul-up” due largely to flawed collaboration with Turkish authorities.

MOMentous: India creates space history with Mars tripComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

IDBI Says Near Rs 2000 Cr Exposure to Companies Affected by Coal RulingYou are here: Home Industries
IDBI Says Near Rs 2000 Crore Exposure to Companies Affected by Coal Ruling
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 15:20 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: State-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd has close to Rs 2000 crore ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by a Supreme Court order scrapping coal blocks but not all of it will be problematic, the lender's head said on Wednesday.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares were down 5.3 per cent by 0924 GMT compared to a flat performance in Nifty. The Bank Nifty fell about 1 per cent.
($1 = Rs 60.9650)

Coal India Jumps Around 5% After Ruling on Coal BlocksYou are here: Home Market
Coal India Jumps Around 5% After Ruling on Coal Blocks
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 15:27 (IST)
Coal India Ltd gained around 5 per cent after the Supreme Court's ruling on illegal coal blocks.
Traders expect Coal India to manage cancelled coal blocks until they get re-auctioned.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four coal blocks allocated since 1993. The four blocks that have been spared are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

http://usat.ly/Y0W4SlFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil
Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership to end the destruction of the world's forests by 2030.
Post to Facebook
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership to end the destruction of the world's forests by 2030. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1pbZUPO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Countries pledge to end forest loss but not Brazil
Wendy Koch , USA TODAY 5:02 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
This aerial picture taken on November 29, 2009 shows a sector of the Amazon forest, in the state of Para, in northern Brazil, illegally deforested. Police in Brazil have broken up an Amazon deforestation gang considered the worst currently active, officials said on August 28, 2014.
(Photo: ANTONIO SCORZA AFP/Getty Images)
105 CONNECT 71 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK _ Dozens of companies and countries -- including the United States but not Brazil, a key player -- signed on Tuesday to an unprecedented partnership aimed at halving the loss of the world's forests by 2020 and ending it by 2030.
The 32 countries and 39 major companies, including Wal-Mart and McDonald's, made their "New York Declaration on Forests" at the U.N. Climate Summit, signaling the vital role that forests play in climate change. Trees store carbon dioxide but when cut down, they release the heat-trapping greenhouse gas to the atmosphere.
"There is no way to crack the climate issue without the forest issues," Charles McNeill, senior environmental policy adviser for the U.N. Development Program, tells USA TODAY. He says the pledges are voluntary but since they're public, signatories won't want to back out.
If the goal is met, the U.N. estimates the impact would be equivalent to taking every car in the world off the road. The participants, including dozens of environmental and indigenous groups, also pledge to restore more than one million square miles of forest worldwide by 2030.
The effort has the backing of wealthy countries including Canada, France and the European Union, but its success may be hampered by the absence of Brazil, home to much of the Amazon rainforest. Brazil did not sign on, telling the Associated Press that it was not included in the preparation process. Yet three Brazilian states - — Acre, Amapa and Amazonas — did.
The challenge is huge. "Our planet is losing forests at a rate of eight football fields every ten seconds," Carter Roberts, president of the World Wildlife Fund said in a statement announcing the agreement..
The participants include many well-known consumer goods makers including Cargill, Nestle, General Mills, Kellogg's, L'Oreal, Procter & Gamble, and Unilever. They agree not to source products such as palm oil, soy, paper and beef from land that has been recently or illegally cleared of trees.
The United Kingdom, Germany and Norway pledge to set up to 20 programs in the next couple of years that will pay countries to reduce their deforestation.
"Forests represent one of the largest, most cost-effective climate solutions available today," the declaration says. "Action to conserve, sustainably manage and restore forests can contribute to economic growth, poverty alleviation, rule of law, food security, climate resilience and biodiversity conservation."
105 CONNECT 71 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1pbZUPO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

 Supplied Crucial Components for Mars Spacecraft: L&TSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi:
Engineering major L&T today said it played a significant role in the launch of Mars spacecraft by supplying critical launch systems and tracking equipment for the prestigious project.
"L&T Heavy Engineering had played a key role in ISRO's Mars orbiter mission as India became the first country to successfully enter Martian orbit in its maiden attempt," the company said in a statement.
"L&T was a significant private-sector supplier to this momentous mission - a significant milestone in India's space programme," it added.
The statement came soon after India created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
"L&T Heavy Engineering was closely involved in the project that helped India become the sixth nation - after the US, Russia, China, Japan and the European Union - to launch a mission to the red planet. L&T had supplied the critical launch systems and tracking equipment," the company said.
The launch of the 44.4-metre, 316-tonne PSLV-C25 which was rocketed into orbit using S139 motor casings including the IRS Type mechanisms for deployment of satellite solar panels were manufactured at L&T's Aerospace Shop at Powai, the company said.
The electronic packages were mounted on the upper stage of PSLV-C25 and the heat shield using honeycomb deck panels were manufactured at L&T's Advanced Composite facility at Vadodara.
"The tracking systems like the 32-m diameter Deep Space Network Antenna at ISTRAC's tracking facility was installed and commissioned by L&T's Aerospace business - which also manufactured the antenna's mount structure and 13-m diameter bull gear (made for the first time in India)," it said.
PSLV-C25 was tracked by C-Band precision mono-pulse tracking radar developed indigenously by L&T.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 15:58 (IST)

Like Mangalyaan  ISRO scores big onTwitterPrint
Scientists working on the Mars Orbiter Satellite at Indian Satellite Research Organization (ISRO) in Bengaluru in 2013. (File Photo: PTI)
Written by Wali Ahmad | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 4:56 pm
“Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around.” This is how the Indian spacecraft greeted NASA’s curiosity rover as it entered the orbit of Mars early Wednesday morning. As the Mangalyaan was travelling through the celestial space, back on earth, ISRO ensured that it kept every bit of information regarding this historical flight in public domain powered by an engaging and informative social media strategy. And micro-blogging site Twitter came handy.
Howdy @MarsCuriosity ? Keep in touch. I’ll be around.
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
On August 25, ISRO changed its twitter handle from @ISROOFFICIAL to @isro. Since then, the handle has been posting updates about the mission for its over 48,000 followers. In the build up to the crucial phase today when it entered the Martian space, it posted, “Good morning India. Are you up? Stay posted for live updates from Mission Control.”
Highlights: India reaches Mars, Prime Minister Narendra Modi showers praises on ISRO
Infographs with details of the flight path and live webcast links were key features of ISRO’s online drive for this mission. With steady flow of information from the control room in Bangalore, ISRO kept the Twitter space buzzing. Today, the top three trending topics were related to this mission. As soon as the space agency announced the successful entry of Mangalyaan in the Martian orbit, twitterati used #Mangalyaan #MarsMission #IndiaAtMars hashtags to congratulate ISRO. Led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, chief ministers of many states took to Twitter to hail the feat.
Buoyed by today’s success, ISRO set up another Twitter handle @MarsOrbiter. Its profile says, “India’s first mission to Mars. Orbiting the Red Planet since Sep 24, 2014. Explorer. Loves science, photography and long cruises.” Its first tweet – What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? – got over 8,000 retweets and 4,000 favourites.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus
— ISRO’s Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 24, 2014
Now that the voyage to Mars is turning out to be a reality, get ready for more conversations on Twitter between space agencies and space shuttles. Sample this. @isro Thank you MAVEN team! MT The #MAVEN team congratulates @ISRO for its #Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
And for any update, ‘We’r all ears.’

State Bank of India approves 10-for-one stoc...State Bank of India approves 10-for-one stock split
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 04.41PM IST
0
Share More
SBI will reduce the face value of each equity share to 1 rupee from 10 rupees now, it said in a regulatory filing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Top Indian lender State Bank of India said on Wednesday its board had approved a 10-for-one stock split.
SBI will reduce the face value of each equity share to 1 rupee from 10 rupees now, it said in a regulatory filing.
State-run Punjab National Bank and top private sector lender ICICI Bank this month approved stock splits. Companies typically split shares to make those attractive for retail investors.
Ahead of the announcement, SBI shares closed 2.7 percent down at 2,486.35 rupees, underperforming a 0.2 percent fall in the NSE index.

Khoobsurat  box office collections trail  Daawat-e-Ishq   but GenNext no match for Salman Khan'Khoobsurat' box office collections trail 'Daawat-e-Ishq', but GenNext no match for Salman Khan
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 08:50  IST
Sep 26 2014, 08:50  IST
 

Accenture Plc quarterly revenue rises 9.7 pe...Accenture Plc quarterly revenue rises 9.7 per cent
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 04.58PM IST
READ MORE ON » Accenture Plc
Consulting and outsourcing company Accenture Plc reported a 9.7 per cent rise in quarterly net revenue, helped mainly by new consulting contracts.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Consulting and outsourcing company Accenture Plc reported a 9.7 per cent rise in quarterly net revenue, helped mainly by new consulting contracts.
The company's net income rose to $760.2 million, or $1.08 per share, in the fourth quarter ended August 31 from $727.3 million, or $1.01 per share, a year earlier.
Net revenue rose to $7.78 billion from $7.09 billion. Consulting revenue rose 5.6 per cent to $4.02 billion.

Zuari-UB  Deepak Fert to launch MCFL open offers on Oct 1Sep 24, 2014, 05.09 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Zuari-UB, Deepak Fert to launch MCFL open offers on Oct 1
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited, which is also in the fray to up stake in MCFL, last month received nod from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for its Rs 190-crore open offer.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zuari-UB, Deepak Fert to launch MCFL open offers on Oct 1
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited, which is also in the fray to up stake in MCFL, last month received nod from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for its Rs 190-crore open offer.
Post your opinion here
 
Intensifying the battle for acquisition of Vijay Mallya's fertiliser firm MCFL , Zuari-UB group combine and  Deepak Fertilisers will on October 1 launch competing open offers to buy additional 26 per cent stake in the company. Earlier this month, fair trade watchdog CCI had cleared Zuari's proposal to buy additional 26 percent stake in the Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers Ltd (MCFL).
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited, which is also in the fray to up stake in MCFL, last month received nod from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for its Rs 190-crore open offer. In a separate filings to the BSE, Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari group announced the revised schedule for their open offers.
Accordingly, the open offer will start on October 1 and close on October 17. The last date for upward revision the size of the offer or price is September 25. In a takeover bid, Deepak Fertilisers on April 23 raised its stake in the MCFL to 25.31 percent (from 24.46 percent) and announced an open offer to buy another 26 percent stake at Rs 63 per share for about Rs 194 crore.
Later, the Zuari and UB group joined hands to make a combined open offer for buying 26 percent stake in MCFL at Rs 68.55 per share -- aggregating to Rs 211.22 crore. At present, Zuari group has 16.43 percent stake in MCFL while Deepak has 25.31 percent stake. The promoter UB group has 21.97 percent stake.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 percent stake in MCFL through open market. Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 percent stake in MCFL in July 2013. Zuari group increased its stake to 16.43 percent in the same month.
In April 2014, Deepak Fertilisers further hiked its shareholding in MCFL to 25.31 percent -- thereby triggering the mandatory open offer clause under Sebi norms.
Deepak Fert stock price
On November 21, 2014, Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Coprn closed at Rs 140.25, down Rs 1.05, or 0.74 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 185.05 and the 52-week low was Rs 99.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.31 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.02. The latest book value of the company is Rs 169.05 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.83.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee Ends at 60.96/Dollar After Hitting One-week LowDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell to its weakest in nearly a week after the cancellation of coal blocks allocated to companies raised concerns that more coal would be imported, but the currency then recovered to end almost flat for the day on dollar sales from custodian banks.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.96/97 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 60.94/95.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday scrapped all but four of coal blocks allocated by the government over the past two decades, raising concerns that resorting to imports would widen the trade and current account deficits.
But traders said the six months given to companies to return the coal blocks and the likelihood the government would soon re-auction allocations could prevent the country from resorting to higher coal imports.
"The rupee weakened a bit in a knee-jerk reaction post the coal block verdict but foreign banks and exporters started selling above the 61 mark," said Uday Bhatt, a foreign exchange dealer with UCO Bank.
"The rupee will continue to hold in a narrow range, likely 60.75 to 61.25, until September end," he added.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, which fell to as low as 61.07 in late trade, its weakest against the dollar since September 18.
The rupee could also remain under pressure ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
The central bank is expected to keep interest rates on hold until the April-June quarter of next year, when it may loosen policy, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.23/33, while the three-month was at 61.80/90.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Prices Firm Up Above Rs 27 000You are here: Home Commodities
Gold Prices Firm Up Above 27,000
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 14:49 (IST)
Gold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
New Delhi: Gold prices rose further by Rs 210 to Rs 27,210 per 10 gm in the national capital today on increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet upcoming festive and wedding season demand amid a firming global trend.
Silver followed suit and gained another Rs 500 to Rs 40,000 per kg on increased offtake by industrial users and coin makers.
Traders said increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet the coming festive and wedding season demand mainly kept precious metals higher. They said a firming global trend on signs of more physical demand amidst escalating tensions in the Middle East also bolstered the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded at $1,224.50 an ounce from $1,223.42 yesterday and silver rose 0.4 per cent to $17.86 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity advanced by Rs 210 each to Rs 27,210 and Rs 27,010 per ten gram respectively.  It had gained Rs 150 yesterday.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 14:49 (IST)

SC s verdict on coal blocks to be a disaster: Jayaswal Neco02:30 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday scrapped allocation of 214 coal blocks between 1993 and 2008. Of the total 218 blocks, only four coal blocks, which are state-run non-joint ventures, have been spared. Those exempted from this verdict include allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP.
“From 1993 onwards whoever have mined, they have to deposit Rs 295/tonne, the money within three months as if the money is deposited in RBI. We have produced material, sold it out to consumers and now from where will the money come,” says Basant Lal Shaw, Chairman, Jayaswal Neco Industries , which is one of the companies impacted by the verdict.
Shaw further adds that the company will go for a review.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You heard the judgement, all blocks allocated have been held as cancelled and deallocated and will have to be reallocated or auctioned. What is the impact on your company?
A: The impact will not only be on my company but to whoever it had been allotted, it will be a disaster. Our government is trying to bring in money from Japan and China, how people are going to rely on government and what will be the authority. It was done by the government for last 20 years and it was legal. There were four governments and all political parties were involved with the government. It is another Vodafone like case and no foreign company is going to believe on such situations.
From 1993 onwards whoever have mined, they have to deposit Rs 295/tonne, the money within three months as if the money is deposited in RBI. We have produced material, sold it out to consumers and now from where will the money come? If the coal prices are increased, it will create major inflation in all industries that are consuming coal.
Q: What are you going to do about it, are you going to speak to the Supreme Court about it?
A: We will definitely go for review. It is a complete disaster. People should not believe on government. When another government will come they will again change it, like Vodafone 10 years back income tax you pay income tax. Now in case of coal miners, pay Rs 295/tonne for last 20 years, from were will the money come?
Jayaswal Neco stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jayaswal Neco Industries closed at Rs 12.23, down Rs 0.29, or 2.32 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 20.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 6.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 8.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 33.88 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.36.
RELATED NEWS

Reserve Money for the week ended September 19  2014Sep 24, 2014, 05.55 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Reserve Money for the week ended September 19, 2014
Reserve Money for the week ended September 19, 2014
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reserve Money for the week ended September 19, 2014
Reserve Money for the week ended September 19, 2014
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank of India has today released data on Reserve Money for the week ended September 19, 2014
Ajit Prasad
Assistant General Manager
Press Release: 2014-2015/628

A deeper correction is in the offing: Sudarshan Sukhani02:30 pm
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Sonia Shenoy, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics feels a deeper correction is in the offing. However, he feels investors should wait until market gives some more signs that it is not going up.
Earlier, one would have predicted that the correction would be lead by the private sector names but the PSUs seem to have taken a lead, adds Sukhani.
Meanwhile, market expert Deven Choksey sees resistance for the Nifty at 8050 levels.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sudarshan Sukhani’s interview:
Q: Do you get a sense that the market might be now nearing a decent correction and by decent I mean 5-6 percent correction because so far we haven’t even had that?
A: I do get a sense, my worry is something else. This market deceives us repeatedly; how its doing this one day here, one day there sort of cameo act. So, while the correction sense is correct and I am agreeing with you; I get the sense that a deeper correction is in the offing. It doesn’t necessarily mean that it has started. We could have one or even two false rallies on the upside and that would kill traders. So, take it easy, let the markets gives us a little more sort of feeling that its not going up.
Q: If we do see this slide on the index or correction do you think it could be led by many of the PSU banking names?
A: I always thought it will be led by the private sector names but today the PSUs have taken a lead. It will certainly be lead by the banks, maybe a mix of both. I would stay away from this market tomorrow because tomorrow could be a very unusual day.
Q: Jindal Steel  is news driven and we have seen the kind of impact on the stock price but technical charts indicating any kind of support level or is this a falling knife?
A: It is a falling knife. It is nothing; there is no support. Support will come in Hindalco which has done surprisingly well as compared to what our expectation was. If at all among the metals, the first support will come in Hindalco . It is not visible but that is something that we are watching for.
Q: Today Coal India  is up about 5 percent but that's because of the newsflow that has just past but technically how does that one look, this month has not been good for Coal India at all?
A: No, it has not been; that is okay. Any stock that goes up then comes into a correction but Coal India is one of the few stocks that need to be bought at current levels. If you are serious about this bull market than Coal India is going to be a leader; it's not part of any sector, like Reliance Industries it’s independent. However, Coal India is certainly going to be an outperformer. So, these dips are sort of god given for buying; they are not for worries.
Q: You did say that you want short the market today. Maybe you will look for shorting opportunities tomorrow. From October point of view what would be the Nifty levels that you will watching out for?
A: Well we are watching at 8,050 at resistance and if tomorrow the markets don’t react or don’t actually come back to that level then I would assume that-that resistance is a stop loss as well as a barrier for further rallies and it will be a sell on rallies or sell at every opportunity market.
So beyond that level on the down side it’s not easy to say where the markets will stop and in what form any decline could come. It could be a choppy decline, falls then big rallies then decline and then view would then be simply to hold on to your short positions; that will come tomorrow.
Q: Your view on Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL), of course there is this defensive play that's also working in its favour but purely for the shorter term would you trade it on the long side?
A: I would trade Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) on long side for shorter term. Now the problem is that it is already rallied for two days. Even then if there is a pause for the next 2-3 days there is more here on the upside. So I would be willing to buy on any pause. My targets for this were Rs 1,000 but given the fact how targets are being exceeded so quickly and rapidly it could easily become more.
Q: Has Arvind  corrected enough or would you wait for more correction?
A: I will wait for more correction because the market itself is giving a sense of unease. So, it is better to wait.
RELATED NEWS

Passing out ceremony marks World Maritime Day programmeSep 24, 2014 at 05:56pm IST
Passing out ceremony marks World Maritime Day programme
3
0
Thane: Registro Italiano Navale (RINA), Marine Division, Area Manager (India, Sri Lanka & Bangladesh) A Devadas called upon young sea cadets to aquire knowledge and transform into practical to mark the World Maritime Day, observed on September 25.
He was addressing cadets who passed out of the Anglo-Eastern Maritime Academy (AEMA) after successfully completing courses in marine Engineering, diploma in nautical science on Wednesday.
Devadas, congratulating the cadets said, "Do not give up your dreams. Knowledge is the supreme power but it should be transformed into practical mode." He said that the senior staff should encourage the young mariners to use their knowledge with practicality.
Devadas, congratulating the cadets said, "Do not give up your dreams. Knowledge is the supreme power but it should be transformed into practical mode."
#registro italiano navale #rina #world maritime day #aesm
Deputy Managing Director, Technical, AESM, Singapore Orson Lobo who was the guest of honour said that the cadets have accomplished their first mile stone (of passing out from the academy) but life on board ships is not that easy.
A career in shipping is quite demanding and one should not feel depressed with small failures, he said, adding, it is important for cadets to take care of the environment and to follow right practices and procedures while on board.
Anglo-Eastern Maritime Academy is a nautical college owned by mother company - Anglo Eastern Ship Management Ltd, Hong Kong and offers courses in field of shipping.
0

Verdict to set stage for reforms | Coal blocks  allocation quashedSupreme Court judgement on coal blocks to set stage for further reforms
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Tags:
CIL
(The court let off two coal…)
KOLKATA: The Supreme Court judgement on coal blocks will set the stage for the next stage of reforms on the coal sector. For one, it gives the government an opportunity to truly open up the market by allowing private investment, trading and entry of global players in the sector. In the short term, however, the court has allowed a breather of six months before the blocks are handed over to Coal India and this may lead to higher production from the operational blocks.
Kameswara Rao, Leader (Energy Utilities& Mining Practice) at PwC said : "The SC judgment strong consequences for both the short and long-term. It paves the way for the government to introduce comprehensive reforms and develop a competitive market by permitting private capital, trading, global technology and doing away with end-use restrictions, all of which are restricting development at present."
"Other than the incidence of penalties, it will be business as usual for the companies the next six months before CIL takes over end of March 2015. The companies will aim to maximise production in this period, as it would improve returns even if marginally, and it may help get better compensation if any is offered when these are finally auctioned by the government," Mr Rao said.
He was commenting after the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks allocated since 1993. The court let off two coal blocks operated by Reliance Power and one each by state-run NTPC and SAIL as they are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP). Companies will also be allowed to take part in the auction when it takes place in future.
But the situation is likely to remain complex and worrisome in the transition period before the blocks are auctioned off. For instance, a lot of contracts have been signed with major equipment suppliers, like Komatsu and Caterpillar. The question is whether Coal India will honour those equipment deals, post March 2015. There will be other radical challenges as well. It remains to be seen as to how bank deals will work out, like in cases where the banks may have asked for personal guarantees from promoters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Imran Khan rally in Lahore on SundayUpdated: September 24, 2014 18:50 IST
Imran Khan rally in Lahore on Sunday
IANS
Pakistan
Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party has been allowed to organise a rally at Minar-e-Pakistan in Lahore on Sunday, Geo News reported.
The district administration has also written to Lahore’s Capital City Police Officer (CCPO) for foolproof security arrangements.
PTI will not be stopped from holding a public gathering in Lahore after the party submitted an application to the district coordination officer seeking permission, Rana Mashhood, Punjab province’s Law Minister, said.
Security officer at Minar-e-Pakistan, Muhammad Zameer said there are security threats at the venue and due to that barbed wires have been placed around the vicinity.

HP: 23 feared drowned as bus falls into reservoirComments
At least 25 people were killed and 21 others were injured as a private bus in which they were travelling fell into the Gobind Sagar reservoir near Kandraur in this district on Wednesday.
The overcrowded 21-seater bus met with the accident near Rahian bridge around 8.45 am. There were 47 passengers in the bus. A few passengers managed to jump out of the bus and survived with injuries.
Passengers even occupied the roof of the bus that was on its way from Rishikesh village to Ghumarwin town, both in Bilaspur district. Majority of the passengers were office-goers and students.
Of the dead, 19 were men and six women. All barring one deceased have been identified. Most of the deceased were locals.
Locals reached the spot and started rescue operations. Police and home guard jawans besides the Bhakra Beas Management Board divers joined the rescue. Services of local fishermen were also taken.
The injured were shifted to the regional hospital in Bilaspur and the civil hospital at Ghumarwin.
Eyewitnesses described speeding as the main reason for the accident, while others said a technical snag led to the accident. Director general of police Sanjay Kumar, who, along with principal secretary revenue Tarun Sridhar, arrived on the scene to oversee the rescue operations, told HT, “Survivors told us that they heard a strange sound in the bus before it fell into the reservoir. Only the probe will clarify as to what really led to the accident.”
Meanwhile, the Bilaspur additional district magistrate has been told to conduct an inquiry into the accident and submit the report in a week.
Governor Urmila Singh and chief minister Virbhadra Singh expressed grief at the accident. The chief minister said a sum of Rs. 10,000 each had been given as immediate relief to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs. 5,000 each to the injured, adding that an ex-gratia amount of Rs. 1.5 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in the mishap would soon be distributed. The chief minister said all expenses incurred on the treatment of the injured would be taken care of by the government.
  
A large number of people were said to be communting from one area to another in the bus.23 feared are to be dead in this entire accident.HT Photo
Local gathered at the spot making anxious enquiries about the victims of the mishap.HT Photo
Rescue operations underway at the accident site near Auhar in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh.HT Photo
Condition of 40-seater bus that met with an accident.It is said that it was packed to capacity and some people were said to have been also travelling on its roof.HTPhoto

http://usat.ly/1sokCmxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes
If you notice your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus is a little bent out of shape when you pull it out of your pocket, you may not be seeing things.
Post to Facebook
Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes If you notice your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus is a little bent out of shape when you pull it out of your pocket, you may not be seeing things. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sokCmx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
100
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes
Laura Mandaro and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY 5:53 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Video Keywords consumer electronics new iphones Nvidia USA today Smartphones bare hand
Shannon Rae Green reports on a viral video, tweets and photos showing bended iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices. But isn’t users freaking out over a problem after a new launch all part of the process? (USA TODAY, USA NOW)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  A viral video and tons of photos and tweets. Are
00:06  showing iPhone six and six plus bending under pressure. The hash
00:10  tag and -- it now trending worldwide. Business just all part
00:15  of the -- that happened surrounding every launch of additional product.
00:18  I'm -- and -- green and this is US they now
00:21  for September 24 2014. Want to -- hills and take your
00:25  test with the the six plus actually that is just like
00:28  pushing on it with his bare hand. It does then quite
00:32  significantly specifically around this portion here. Where the buttons were among
00:36  my focus was more in this center portion but it seems
00:39  to be a weak point out here near the button cut
00:42  -- I spoke with Lewis who reviews all sorts of consumer
00:46  electronics on this site on box therapy and he's not surprised.
00:50  He thought it was inevitable let's Smartphones would then since apple
00:53  was pushing for thinner devices. He says he's now seen a
00:56  million views an hour on this Nvidia out. Techcrunch published a
01:00  story saying that this all part of the apple cycle. Rumors
01:04  of big announcement and after it comes out along lines reviews
01:08  sales figures. And the part where now they're calling it the
01:11  gate portion where everyone had faxes over a critical law. Techcrunch
01:16  also found some other complaints about them and during the five
01:19  and five best conscious. People are having a field day out
01:23  where he he -- -- flex my squad under my iPhone
01:26  thick and it Kirk from my leg like a separate split.
01:29  Get them some wearable tech humour for. Eleanor -- tweeted breaking
01:34  hipster trousers incompatible with iPhone sick. Lewis told me that people
01:38  are telling him that their new iphones aren't sending in their
01:41  pocket but he says that as long as -- treated with
01:43  care it shouldn't be a problem -- you. He knows people
01:46  love their devices any kind of fast with about any plots
01:50  since it's such a big investment. But he emphasized this video
01:53  is not a real world test the film would have to
01:56  really get put under pressure for it to -- Are you
01:59  worried about this or do you think it's all just part
02:02  of the negative hype. Tweet your thoughts -- hash tag US
02:05  -- now keep following all the updates in this story at
02:08  USA today dot com.
A man holds the new iPhone models in Munich.
(Photo: Peter Kneffel, AFP/Getty Images)
11975 CONNECT 496 TWEET 48 LINKEDIN 100 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — If you notice your new iPhone is a little bent out of shape when you pull it out of your pocket, you may not be seeing things.
Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , which boast aluminum shells for lightness, apparently live up to that other characteristic of aluminum: malleability.
Reports of bent iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets are popping up on social media, and one product reviewer posted a video showing how far the larger frame can bend if one really, really tries.
On Twitter, it's being called #BendGate and #Bendghazi.
So far there has been no official response from Apple.
Russell Holly, 29, decided to examine his new, silver iPhone 6 after seeing online reports of bent iPhones.
He noticed it wobbled on a flat surface. Then he compared it to the other iPhone 6 he bought. The bend was unmistakable. His confidence in the iPhone shaken, the mobile editor for Geek.com returned the phone.
"Smartphones are not invulnerable objects," he said. "I've dropped more than my fair share of them, and I have seen other smartphones become damaged when people sit on them or worse."
But, said the father of three: "As an iPhone owner, this is a deal-breaker for me. I can't own a device that I have to treat with such extreme care."

Fire to Floods: Can California s Economy Survivefire to floods: can california s economy survive
How Big Was the New iPhone LaunchAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Ed Miliband will struggle to answer the English questionSeptember 22, 2014 3:28 pm
Ed Miliband will struggle to answer the English question
By Janan Ganesh
Party leader should avoid giving Labour a reputation as the self-described second party of England
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2206f21a-3ff0-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Raagam thaanam too manyUpdated: September 25, 2014 15:42 IST
Raagam thaanam too many
The Hindu Aruna Sairam. Photo: K. Ananthan
The Hindu Flautist Ronu Majumdar. Photo: K. Ananthan.
The Hindu People listening to Hindi retro concert. Photo: S. Siva Saravanan
music festival
Music lovers in the city are a beleaguered lot when there are too many concerts happening at the same time
Geethanjali waits all year for September, when a long list of renowned musicians and dancers perform in the city. But, halfway through the month, she is a wreck. “My favourite musicians are playing in two different venues on the same day. How do I choose?” she complains. Two years ago, a similar situation played out when Bombay Jayashri and Ranjani-Gayathri performed on the same day.
For a city that is almost starved of music for the rest of the year, September and the first half of October mark the peak season. It starts off with Rajalakshmi Fine Arts’ (RFA) 10-day September Season before moving on to Manoranjitham’s (Sri Ayyappan Puja Sangham) concerts. In between is the annual dance fest, Natyanjali at Perur. And, these are followed by Navarathri programmes at various temples and sabhas. Often the clash in programme dates result in thin attendance.
Gayathri Prakash of Shivanjali, which organises cultural events, has herself been caught in a dilemma when there is more than one good programme on a given day. “We must understand the idea is to bring music and dance to our city. So, organisers must interact with each other so that we space out events accordingly,” she says.
Mohan Sankar, who runs Alapana and Upasana that promote the fine arts, says that “in Coimbatore, every concert/programme draws the same set of listeners. So, when you repeat a programme, the number of listeners will come down”. He admits it is not possible to avoid the glut of programmes during the festive season, because every sabha wants to offer its members a great musical experience.
What they can do, he says, is coordinate better so that there is a suitable time gap before a performer is repeated.
S. Vijeyajaya, fine arts secretary of RFA, agrees. RFA leads the September season, and so they fix artists on their own. “But, for the past two years, for our monthly concerts, I check with other sabhas,” she says. “When you do that, the audiences are happy, because they get to hear something different.”
Says V. Gopalakrishnan, convenor of Manoranjitham: “Coimbatore is fast turning into a cultural hub during September; that is most welcome. It is up to us organisers to speak to others so that we don’t repeat artistes or hold concerts in close succession.” Shortly after their week-long programme, the Sangham is organising a Vasanthothsavam-Navarathri festival that brings together classical music, dandiya, fusion music and chanting. And, part of that line-up is Coimbatore mapillai and vocalist Sikkil Gurucharan, who sang recently at RFA’s season. How difficult is it for artistes when they revisit a city so soon? “It’s a challenge because we will be on our toes to come up with rare compositions. It is not a hard task though, because we are used to doing it in Chennai, where most sabhas are in and around Mylapore. We sing for the same set of people!” Charan rendered a ‘general’ concert at RFA, but will mostly sing a Navarathri-themed one at Ayyappan Puja Sangham. He’s going to be back in November too, for a contemporary classical concert.
What is so special about September? “It’s a great time to hold concerts in, weather-wise and logistically too. In the summers, most artists head to Cleveland. In December, Chennai is the place to be. That leaves us with September,” explains Vijeyajaya.
Nine days of music
Vasanthothsavam: Ayyappan Puja Sangham, Ramnagar
Concerts at Sringeri Saradambal Kovil, Race Course
Music festival at Kamakshiamman Kovil, R.S. Puram

A Rough Week for Capitalism and a Time for New Leadersreddit
Hundreds of business executives and heads of state, including President Obama, have accepted UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon's invitation to the UN Climate Summit , which starts today.  Heads of state are critical actors, but his focus on the business sector is a smart strategy.  Real business executives are allergic to out-sized risk and see the need to seed the change now.  Once on board, they know how to get things done and build coalitions to get there.
And from the vantage point of the public, we could use some new examples of business leading on what the Secretary General calls " the defining issue of our time ."  It's been a rough week for capitalists.
Last Thursday, Scotland rejected independence from the UK in a vote that could have gone either way.  While the "Yes" vote carried many aspirations and concerns, the feeling that London and a finance-centric economy was no longer delivering a fair shake to the people of Scotland was a significant factor in a too-close-to-call campaign to exit the United Kingdom.
From #PeoplesClimateMarch : In case you didn't get the memo, they're talking about the 1% not @UN #2014Climate leaders pic.twitter.com/5xZubg9UPg
— Judith Samuelson (@JudySamuelson) September 23, 2014
And then on Sunday, it seemed like the whole world turned out to protest the frighteningly slow progress on greening the economy.  Again, many points of view were represented in the mass of citizens who took to the streets in New York and around the globe, but the real heat came from the section of the march that walked behind the banner "WE KNOW WHO IS RESPONSIBLE" -- and they weren't talking about the heads of state that are converging today on the UN.  They were talking about the 1 percent -- be it bankers or reviled oil executives.
— Judith Samuelson (@JudySamuelson) September 23, 2014
Just when the economy seems to be waking up from a deep slumber, the Occupy-like-protests are taking on new forms and new life.  The reasons are pretty clear -- it stems from what the New York Times labelled " a crisis of faith in the global elite " and, as Neil Irwin writes, the fact that "you can't eat G.D.P."  The disillusionment of those falling further and further behind is a global phenomenon but the numbers here in the US tell the story: An overwhelming percentage of people are disappointed in both parties and no longer trust leaders to act in the interest of the commons.  They believe, and they are not wrong, that decisions made are in the interest of the few, not the many, and that those who benefit most are insulated from the real costs of their decisions.  They see money in politics as the root of our failure to act.
On the eve of the People's Climate March, I was part of a standing-room-only crowd that filled the sanctuary of a church on the Upper East Side of Manhattan to hear from some big names in the climate protest.  Environmentalist Bill McKibben was there representing the 350.org Divest campaign.  So was author Naomi Klein, whose new book places the blame for inaction on climate squarely on capitalism.  US Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont (the only Independent in the Senate) spoke and so did Kshama Sawant, a Socialist member of the Seattle City Council -- who is just off of a successful campaign to raise the local minimum wage to $15/hour.  The biggest applause of the evening was in response to her call for public ownership of the oil sector.  "You can't control what you don't own," she invoked.  Other speakers quoted Karl Marx and called for revolution.  It was not a night for nuance about how important business could be to solving our long-term concerns.
After the climate rally that drew a remarkable 300,000-plus to the New York City streets, the action moved Beyond the March to #FloodWallStreet where protesters wearing blue were prepared for civil disobedience and arrest in their campaign to upset the status quo.
These protesters want us to follow the money to understand why the capitalists continue to ignore the long term consequences of fossil fuels for the system on which they depend.  There are winners and losers in any big change.  Among those with a lot to lose are financial intermediaries and deal makers who respond to short-term incentives and decision rules that favor what we are experiencing now:  a remarkable disconnect between the investments required to turn the ship around, and those that continue to make people rich today.  (And, as usual, behind the name-calling is a much more complex system that involves all of us who enjoy our creature comforts and want our 401(k)s to rise more quickly.)
How will the change take place?  If anything, the global nature of the protests this weekend points out that we are in this mess together -- capitalists, communists, environmentalists and We-the-People.  My favorite sign along the path of the People's Climate March was the one -- who knew? -- from the Communist Party of the US, with a picture of the planet labelled:  "Too Big to Fail."
Yet real change is afoot.  And sometimes, thank goodness, the money leads.  On the eve of the UN Climate Summit, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund announced its pledge to divest from fossil fuels .  The fact that their patriarch, John D. Rockefeller, founded Standard Oil in the 1880s makes this decision front page news and is a shot in the arm for the divest movement.
I think that if Rockefeller and his fellow industrialists who benefited so greatly from coal mining and oil production were still around today, they would actually be leading the green parade.  JDR didn't succeed by dragging his heels.  He was a trend spotter.  He was a pragmatist.  He hated waste.  Surely he would have figured out a way to capitalize on the change we so desperately need now.
Who can take his place?
Follow Judith Samuelson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JudySamuelson
More:

5 Ways to Create a World-Trending Hashtagreddit
How do you create the number one trending hashtag in the world?
The answer is a little complex: it requires the help of thousands of users who are micro-blogging/talking about the same subject on social media at the same time. It sounds immensely difficult to achieve, but scaled up or down, there are things that you can do to control and shape it.
On September 21, 2014, the world woke up to thousands of marches across the planet under one unifying message: leaders need to take immediate, decisive action on climate change. In New York City, a line of over 310,000 people stretched nearly three miles long. That was one of almost 2,700 events in 156 countries. Despite this unprecedented outpouring, the top trending tweets were about American football, celebrities, and cat videos.
That morning, I lamented this on Twitter a few hours before our own local event was to kick off:
However, I wasn't alone in this thought and many others started tweeting about the People's Climate March, using a string of different hashtags to express it. As the movement went on, and as the media joined in and began tweeting, it started narrowing down to two main hashtags: #peoplesclimatemarch and #peoplesclimate, with one began trending page on Twitter:
Within hours of that, it became trending worldwide. Here's a global view of the hotspots for #peoplesclimate
With #peoplesclimatemarch, it was primarily utilized in the U.S and Europe:
So what kind of lessons can you take from this (besides learning how important the climate crisis is around the world)?
1. It is Important to Promote a Single, Unified Tag
Whether you a hosting a march, a conference, a fundraising gala, or any other event, you need to use a hashtag that is promoted well. People want to be included in the conversation -- that's why hashtags are used to begin with. Coming up with a primary hashtag and promoting it early and often is the key. It should be on all of your printed materials, on your online invites, included in your press release and media advisories, and in highly visible areas. If you are working with a single hashtag (as opposed to a few), it will help reduce fragmented social media posts.
2. Conversations Should Be Corralled and Curated
One of the keys to trending a hashtag is gathering all of "rogue" posts and getting them to use the main topic hashtag. If you are planning to live tweet or host social media conversations about an event, you should be searching multiple conversations/posts about it (Tweetdeck is great for this), then directing users to the main hashtag and/or re-sharing good content. For example, if you have a guest speaker, search for their name on social media -- people might be posting quotes or commentary without using the hashtag. As posts come up, simply retweet and add the hashtag and guide users back to the main conversation. A good practice is also to credit the speaker by tagging their social media handles.
Designate one or more staff to be actively looking and engaging with users throughout an event.
3. Find and Designate Thought Leaders
The success of a trending hashtag does not only depend on the quantity of users, but also the quality of them as well. In other words, users who have high influence on social media (think Klout scores) and a large audience. These users also tend to be very social media savvy as well. If you identify these key users and ask them to participate in advance, you can be assured of a broad reach because their followers are likely to engage with the content. A dozen influential users actively posting simultaneously can easily lead to a trending topic in a medium-sized region.
4. Priming the Pump: Pre-schedule Content
While it sounds counter to the idea of live tweeting, pre-scheduling certain content and keep the hashtag active. If you're running an event, there's a good chance that you'll be running around handling logistics as well -- or at the very least, so busy curating social content that it becomes difficult to actively and continually post new content. You can "prime the pump" by pre-scheduling quality content such as videos, quotes, or links to articles that fit with the event's themes and topics. If you have a speaker, you can link to their books/website. You can also pre-schedule logistics/scheduling information as well. For example, when I'm speaking at a conference, I'll pre-schedule a "countdown" - i.e, "Join me in main events in one hour for my presentation on XYZ #HashtagHere" (then 30 minutes, then 15 minutes, and so on).
5. Encourage Diverse Views
Few things are as boring on social media as a one-sided conversation. World-topping hashtags are usually the result of stimulating conversations that incorporate diverse perspectives. While it can be tempting to shut down anyone who is off-message, a good way to keep things moving forward is to ask questions and respectfully acknowledge and respond to users. If a heated debate erupts, you can usually cool things down by focusing on similar values or disarming them with some humor. If anything, at least it brings more attention to your event!
Live social media posting and bring increased attention to your event/cause. It can alert journalists and media to the importance of your effort, often resulting in press coverage. It also quickly reaches other users who are not in attendance.
After your event, you can use tools like Storify to collect posts from across the Internet into one concentrated blog. Storify also can automatically alert social media users who you quote or use content from -- those users will most likely share your article as well, thus continuing to bring energy and enthusiasm to your event.
Remember, like any other communications effort, live-tweeting involves both strategy and tactics. You should have broad goals and purpose, as well as specific actions to execute the plan. Doing so can exponentially raise the awareness and increase the life of your in-person efforts.
Follow Simon Tam on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SimonTheTam
More:

Is Workplace Bullying the New Discriminationreddit
Things have changed since the days that racist and sexist people would openly and without reservation communicate to individuals of color and women respectively -- via words, threats, looks, and actions -- that you're not welcomed, wanted, or worthy. Fast forward to current times, these attitudes still exist; however, the difference is that individuals who hold these views are willful in their efforts to continue these prejudices with the use of updated tactics. These tactics might include: non-preferential assignments, lack of diversity in senior management levels, teams that don't have any minorities, or companies with minimal minority representation.
Anyone who pursues claims of discrimination against individuals or organizations has to prove it. Generally, the standards used to demonstrate discriminatory intent is often related to whether an individual called someone a racially insensitive term, a racist symbol was used, or someone was attacked while being called racist names. This classification might be a reasonable standard in the 1960s; however, educated individuals understand that the use of these types of communications, gestures, or behaviors can lead to actionable claims. Therefore, individuals who discriminate will operate within the boundaries of laws, but short of violating any governmental regulation that protect individuals against discriminatory policies, behaviors, employment actions, etc.
Other barriers counter to healthy work environments are "right to work" laws, which allow employers to separate an employee at any time or for any reason -- with or without cause.  This regulatory framework allows companies to legally discriminate against individuals without any legal consequences in spite of their performance.
States that have "right to work" laws can be fertile environments for workplace bullying.  These regulatory environments can minimize employee complaints about workplace abuses due to a fear of an immediate job loss, which can also allow workplace bullying to go unchecked or unchallenged.  Moreover, these environments allow for openly questionable practices and behaviors to exist up to the limits of law(s), which should protect individuals from any types of discrimination.
It's important to note that workplace bullying is legal in almost every jurisdiction in the U.S. and in countries around the world. Bullying in the workplace can be related to an individual's looks, relationships, intelligence, speech pattern, clothes, or other arbitrary factors, as long as the behaviors or adverse employment actions aren't related to a protected class under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. Title VII enacted in 1964 -- and updated in recent years -- protects individuals against discrimination based on factors such as race, sex, religion, disabilities, and more.
Individuals who are discriminated against due to reasons that aren't protected under Title VII have limited legal remedies against adverse employment actions. The only potential protections are if an employer has documented policies and procedures to protect its resources (e.g., employees, contractors, vendors, etc.) against any type of discrimination or harassment.  This is a significant reason that 'right to work' laws should be discontinued to remove any gaps in legal protections.
Some might argue that the elimination of "right to work" laws would remove an employer's right to terminate an employee. This type of thinking is shortsighted, as employers should have documented policies and procedures to administer employee separations. This documentation -- if consistently administered -- can provide greater protections for employers and employees.
Other arguments might suggest that additional laws to protect against workplace bullying aren't needed because it will be difficult to manage and will also lead to frivolous lawsuits. Similar arguments were made against laws to protect women from sexual harassment, too. However, sexual harassment laws have provided greater protections to prevent and protect employees (men and women) against any unnecessary infringement of an individual's legal rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
It's time to ensure that workplaces, individuals, and societies are guarded against any actions, behaviors, policies, procedures, or laws that prevent anyone from having a fair and unrestricted opportunity for success.
Additional information on workplace bullying can be obtained in Mr. Young's solution-oriented book " Bullies...They're In Your Office, Too: Could you be one? " or his mini-book " Management Spotlight: Workplace Bullying ".
This post originally appeared on S. L. Young's blog on his website at: www.slyoung.com
Follow S. L. Young on Twitter: www.twitter.com/slyoungva
More:

5 Habits You Need to Avoid When Making Decisionsreddit
When it comes to making the right decisions in business, nobody is an expert. You may think that doing something now is going to have great effect in the future, but sometimes we learn that the exact opposite has happened. How can we come back and trust our decisions then?
I used to have a website that wrote about technological topics, nothing too fancy, but it was definitely the home for many. I sold the site. I felt that the right decision at the time was to sell the site, and use the money to deal with my problems. I was wrong.
Why? I was under the pressure of money, and it got the best of me. Never underestimate the impact our surroundings have on our choices and decision making. I've compiled a list of five habits that we should avoid, whenever we're in charge of making an important decision, both in business and personal life.
1. False Hopes
I have experienced this habit before. It's distressing. You need to anticipate both good, and bad things. You can't marry someone, and then be 100 percent sure that the marriage is going to last forever and ever, eternally. We all know, that is usually not the case. False hopes are poisonous, avoid them at all costs. It's okay to want something, but to be grateful is a blessing.
2. Long Gone Past
We've all got some sort of insight on our particular business category, but not all of us are capable of letting those insights go when they become useless, more or less. Many people enjoy using the same approaches that they've used for several years, do you really think they're thinking of changing that habit? It has worked for them for a decade, it would probably take as long to teach them something new!
The past is only that, the past. The future is where things keep changing, and that's why it's important to stay on top of things in the present. I feel like determination is the term we're looking for here.
3. Lack of Knowledge
Lack of proper data on the context in other words can be called indecisiveness. Why rely on fear when it comes to making tough decisions? Admit it to yourself that you're incapable of making a good decision based on the lack of knowledge you have on the subject. You can always opt for suffering instead, but I don't believe that having fear of end result is going to motivate you very much.
4. Over-Confidence
You've just had a streak of success, you're on a roll and things are looking pretty great from where you're standing! Heck, you might even go ahead and submit those few reports, and analysis that you've been holding off for so long. Get those extra signups? Easy peasy, let me fire up the cash burner!
Don't fall for the rabbit hole. Make sound decisions based on your honest experience and expectations. Did the business run so well when it first started, and is the success streak going to continue even after the end of time? Being overly confident and optimistic about things can crush your dreams!
5. Where's the Strategy
So, you've got a problem that needs solving, but somehow the problem isn't connecting to the overall strategy of what needs to happen. How do you explain such a situation?
Clear strategy, context, and the dots that connect them both together.
Conclusion
Think about your long-term goals. Go to your co-workers, friends and family for support. Don't read stuff that backs up your initial (false) expectations, add a bit of that realness flavor to your decision making! Make it a fun and enjoyable process. Try some of these productivity hacks to see whether you can find time for some peaceful moments with yourself.
Follow Alex Ivanovs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexivanovs
More:

Change unlikely in key liquidity ratiosChange unlikely in key liquidity ratios
Neelasri Barman & & Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might keep key liquidity ratios  unchanged in next week's monetary policy review, to smoothen the government's borrowing for the second half of the financial year.
The latter plan (October-March) is likely to be issued later this week. With the announcement of a borrowing calendar, a supply of bonds shall continue every week. Experts say in such a scenario, if RBI also cuts the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and held-to-maturity (HTM) limits, there would be concerns that banks might sell illiquid securities in the market.
In the August review, RBI had cut the SLR by 50 basis points (bps) to 22 per cent of banks' net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). RBI had also reduced the total holdings of SLR securities in the HTM category by 50 bps, to 24 per cent of NDTL.
SLR is the minimum bond holding requirement for banks as prescribed by RBI. RBI has on many occasions said this would be brought down.
“Already, SLR has been brought down. In the time to come, it might be reduced to 20 per cent. The government borrowing calendar for the second half will be announced just before the review and an SLR cut will have a negative impact on the market,” said Ashutosh Khajuria, president (treasury), Federal Bank.
The central government borrowing in the second half of 2014-15 is seen at Rs 2.48 lakh crore.
According to Manish Wadhawan, head of interest rates at HSBC India, the SLR might by March 2015 be brought down to 20 per cent. “By then, the overall implications of Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) norms will be in place. Currently, the banking system holds excess SLR to the extent of 7.5 per cent but the distribution of this excess among banks is the key. On the industry level, because the LCR norms have to be adhered to, RBI is trying to assess how the banking system will evolve with these norms,” said Wadhawan.
LCR is the proportion of high-quality liquid assets to the total net cash outflows through 30 calendar days. RBI has mandated banks to maintain a 60 per cent LCR from January 1, 2015. It has also suggested the ratio be increased to 100 per cent by January 1, 2019, in a phased manner.
P Sitaram, chief financial officer at IDBI Bank, said after the policy announcement, he does not foresee a major impact on the bond market. "This is because no major  rate trigger is expected and no real action is likely to be seen  in the monetary policy," he said.
The yields on the 10-year benchmark bond ended at 8.47 per cent on Tuesday, compared with Monday's close of 8.44 per cent. Bond traders see the yield on the 10-year bond trading in the range of 8.4-8.5 per cent this week.

Citizens Financial Sets IPO at $21.50 a ShareAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Sensex plunges 431 points on sell-offs in overseas marketsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Saradha boss met Mukul Roy before fleeing  says driverPrint
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 24, 2014 12:40 am
Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen’s driver Arvind Singh Chouhan, who was released on bail on Tuesday, said he was witness to meetings between Sen and Trinamool Congress leaders Mukul Roy and Suvendu Adhikari before the former escaped to Kashmir. Chouhan’s claim vindicates suspended TMC MP Kunal Ghosh’s charge that there was a nexus between the three.
Arvind Singh Chouhan, who had driven Sen from Kolkata to Kashmir, was arrested in April along with Sen and Debjani Mukherjee.
Speaking to mediapersons after his release from Presidency Correctional Home, Chouhan said: “On April 5, I took Sudipta Sen to Nizam Palace where I saw him holding a meeting with Mukul Roy. And on April 7, late at night, I saw TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari visiting Saradha’s head office at Midland Park in Salt Lake. Saradha agent Arindam Das alias Bumba was also present there. Sen received them from the ground floor.”
“The next day, Sen told me that he would go out of the city. I did not know that Sen was talking about running away from the city. Since then he was absconding. However, the main culprits and conspirators are moving free now,” Chouhan added.
Significantly, jailed TMC MP Kunal Ghosh had also claimed that Sen met Roy before he fled.
Reacting to Chouhan’s claims, TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari said, “I do not want to comment on what a driver is saying. And I saw last year’s calender after I heard him making such allegations that April 7 was a Sunday. And on Sundays, I stay in Midnapore and hold ‘Janata Durbar’. So, it is obvious he is lying,” said Adhikari. Sources close to Adhikari said that he would be filing a defamation case against Chouhan soon.
TMC general secretary Mukul Roy, however, refused to comment on Chouhan’s claims. Sources in TMC ranks said that the party has barred all leaders from speaking on Saradha publicly.
Meanwhile, CBI Tuesday interrogated Sudipta Sen’s lawyer Naresh Baloria. According to sources, the letter which was sent to CBI by Sen was drafted by Baloria. The investigators also conducted raids at Baloria’s residence Tuesday. Notably, Mukul Roy had an office at Nizam Palace (which houses flats and office spaces for central government departments) in 2013. He was allotted the place when he was Union minister.

Asian Stocks Drift After Wall Street SlideAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Indian Missions in China to Showcase  Make In India  PitchCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Beijing: India is making big preparations to showcase Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make-in-India" pitch to large investors in China by organising investment promotion events in various Chinese cities coinciding with his special global address on September 25.
The Indian embassy is organising the investment promotion events with members of various Chinese chambers and trade bodies on September 25 which would be held after the Prime Minister's global address, Charge d'Affaires of the embassy Bala B Bhaskar told Indian and Chinese journalists.
Besides Chinese investors, Chinese media too is invited to take part in the event, he said.
PM Modi's "Make in India" address will be screened to the Chinese audience, followed by presentations by Indian officials on various steps initiated by the new government to remove various bottlenecks for investment promotion in India, Mr Bhaskar said.
Similar programmes will be held by Indian consulates in Guangzhou, Shanghai and Hong Kong, he said adding that though it is a global address emphasis will be on getting more Chinese investments.
Indian Ambassador to China Ashok Kantha, who went to New Delhi in connection with Mr Xi's visit, stayed back in the capital as the two sides held consultations to resolve the issue. He is due back here to attend the event.
Mr Bhaskar highlighted the agreements reached during Mr Xi's visit which included setting up two Chinese investment parks in India and Beijing's commitment to invest $20 billion.
He urged the Chinese media to give wide coverage to Mr Modi's address in order to get the message across to Chinese investors.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 23:11 (IST)

Kishore Biyani led Future Group looks at acquiring cold-storage company to drive food businessE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to go on sale in China before Apple iPhone 6Sep 24, 2014 at 01:23pm IST
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to go on sale in China before Apple iPhone 6
5
0
Seoul: Samsung Electronicssaid its latest Galaxy Note 4 smartphone will go on sale in China and South Korea later this month as its flagging mobile business tries to defend sales from Apple's new iPhones.
Samsung said all three South Korean mobile operators will begin Galaxy Note 4 sales on Friday. All three Chinese mobile carriers will release the new phone before the end of this month, it said.
Samsung's announcement marks the first time the South Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other major overseas markets.
Samsung's announcement marks the first time the South Korean company has released a flagship smartphone in China before other major overseas markets.
#samsung #galaxy note 4 #apple #iphone 6
Apple's iPhone 6 has yet to arrive in China, the world's most populous country. But Apple Inc. still chalked up 10 million sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in the first three days after the phones went on sale.
Samsung's early move in China comes as the South Korean company faces challenges on multiple fronts. Its profit from the crucial mobile business has flagged and local brands in India and China have dented its sales of cheap phones.
Apple's new iPhone 6 with its larger screen than previous models eliminates a key advantage for Samsung that lured buyers with the big screens of its Galaxy phones.
The 4.7-inch screen of the iPhone 5 has been increased to 5.5-inches for the iPhone 6 Plus.
The Galaxy Note 4's display measures 5.7 inches diagonally, slightly larger than the biggest iPhone. The Note series comes with a stylus that Samsung calls "S Pen" for note taking and drawing.
"Other companies are releasing smartphones with 5-inch and 6-inch displays as well but no one can easily catch up to Samsung's big screen and the unique capability of the S Pen," Lee Don-joo, president of Samsung's mobile sales and marketing, told reporters.
Lee said sales of the Note 4 smartphone will likely beat the Note 3, its predecessor. He said the tough situation for Samsung is "temporary" and Samsung will quickly revive its business. Samsung is scheduled to give an earnings preview early next month. Its shares have sunk to a two-year low this week.
Samsung moved forward its launch schedule for the new Note phone from October after Apple announced the iPhone 6 with a bigger screen.
US sales of the Galaxy Note 4 will start on October 17.
Samsung said the Galaxy Note Edge, which has a curved side screen that serves as a second screen to display weather information, a clock and menu buttons, will start going on sale in late October. But the Edge smartphone is meant to be a "limited edition" rather than a mass market model, Lee said.
0

 PM Modi to Hard Sell India Story to Fortune 500 CEOsYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi to Hard Sell India Story to Fortune 500 CEOs in US Visit
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:57 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet CEOs of several Fortune 500 companies during his visit to the US later this week. The visitors' list will comprise of top bosses from global bigwigs such as Google, Boeing, IBM, Goldman Sachs, MasterCard and Pepsi, the Ministry of External Affairs said on Tuesday.
In all, the Prime Minister is expected to meet heads of 17 large global corporations. A group of 11 CEOs - including Google's Eric Schmidt, Citigroup's Michael Corbat, Carlyle Group co-CEO David Rubenstein, Cargill CEO David MacLennan, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, Caterpillar CEO Dough Oberhelman, MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga and Pepsico CEO Indra Nooyi - will meet PM Modi over breakfast on September 29.
Six others have a one-on-one appointment with PM Modi. These include Goldman Sachs's Lloyd Blankfein, Boeing's James McNerney, BlackRock's Laurence Fink, IBM's Ginni Rometty, General Electric's Jeff Immelt and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) co-Chairmen and CEOs Henry Kravis and George Roberts, said Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
These high-profile meetings come at a time when the new government is trying to hard sell India as a global manufacturing hub. PM Modi's "Make in India" campaign, which will be launched on Thursday, aims to promote export-oriented manufacturing, heavy infrastructure building and urbanisation.
(Also read: PM Modi's 'Make in India' Push to Drive Investments, Create Jobs )
The ambitious plan aims to push manufacturing growth to 10 per cent per year, but needs massive investment, part of which is likely to come from global corporates willing to set up factories in the country.
Over the past decade, gross foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows into India have averaged less than 2 per cent of GDP. The new government has liberalised defense manufacturing and insurance sectors to attract FDI, but analysts say the government needs to do much more to attract foreign capital.
In all, India's gross investment rate will have to go up from 31 per cent of GDP in 2013-14 to 38-40 per cent of GDP for tangible results over the next five years, Deutsche Bank estimates.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 17:10 (IST)

Amazon Workers in Germany Extend StrikeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start: Ravi Shankar PrasadPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 4:25 pm
Government on Wednesday said Supreme Court’s decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks was in accordance with its stand and will enable it to make a ‘fresh start’.
“Basically, the judgement is in accord with the Government of India’s stand in affidavit,” Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said here.
“The government has already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start except for those which are (with) government companies and some other pressing needs,” he told reporters.
The Supreme Court on Wedneday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.

Mars Mission success: Kudos to ISRONEW DELHI, September 24, 2014
Updated: September 24, 2014 19:35 IST
Leaders commend ISRO for MOM success
National Bureau
The Hindu Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre, Bangalore. Photo: Madhumati
TOPICS
space programme
India’s arrival on the Red Planet on Wednesday morning brought the country – particularly the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) - accolades from home and overseas.
President Pranab Mukherjee led the nation in congratulating ISRO for the successful Orbit Insertion Manoeuvre of the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) that made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the Red Planet.
“The nation is proud of this historic achievement, which has demonstrated, yet again, India’s space capabilities,’’ Mr. Mukherjee said in his congratulatory message.
Hailing ISRO’s achievement, Vice-President Hamid Ansari said: “I am confident that our scientists will continue to scale greater heights and win more laurels for the country in the field of space exploration in the future.’’
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan hoped the success of this mission would inspire scientists to achieve more milestones and instil a new confidence in all Indians.
Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah said: “The Mars mission’s success is continuity to the astronomical heritage laid down by astronomers like Lagadha, Aryabhata, Brahmagupta and Bhaskara.’’
Congratulating ISRO scientists for their remarkable achievement, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) said, “Bharat scripted history’’ by becoming the first country in the world to make it to Martian orbit in the very first attempt. “A time when the whole world has its focus on Bharat, this great achievement marks another milestone in the path of glory,’’ the Akhil Baratiya Prachar Pramukh of the RSS, Manmohan Vaidya, said in a statement.
Laudatory messages began pouring in on social networking sites as soon as MOM was in Mars’ orbit with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and ministerial colleagues taking to Twitter to celebrate India’s entry into the elite club of space-faring nations, which have reached the Red Planet.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi sought to set the success in perspective by describing it as a “milestone in the journey that we as a nation envisaged after independence’’. Others in the Congress joined her effort by flagging messages on Twitter that sought to give some credit to the founding fathers of India’s space programme and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who pushed for the Mars Mission.
The Communist Party of India (Marxist) said the scientific and technological potential in India should be fully developed for use in other sectors. The CPI also congratulated ISRO.
Baijayant Jay Panda, MP, Biju Janata Dal, tweeted: “ISRO scientists continue to make the nation proud. Mars is the first attempt, with puny budget. Object lesson for our public sector.’’
The odds, were stacked against us. Of the 51 missions, attempted across the world so far, a mere 21 had succeeded. But we have prevailed: PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 24, 2014
A new milestone has been achieved. I congratulate all @isro scientists and engineers for the historic achievement. #Mangalyaan .
— Vijay Goel (@VijayGoelBJP) September 24, 2014
Mangalyaan successfully enters into Mars' orbit. ISRO succeeds in its first attempt. Congratulations.
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 24, 2014
Namaste, @MarsOrbiter ! Congratulations to @ISRO and India's first interplanetary mission upon achieving Mars orbit.
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 24, 2014
We are all proud of Indian scientists for creating history by successfully launching cheapest Mars Mission ever
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 24, 2014
I salute India's scientists who helped the nation to realise its dream of sending 'Mangalyaan' to Mars.
— Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) September 24, 2014
@isro has done what was thought difficult as Mangalyaan enters Martian orbit at first attempt.The Nation salutes your dedication & efforts
— Amit Shah (@AmitShahOffice) September 24, 2014
Congratulations @isro for creating history by making Mangalyaan a success on its maiden mission. A proud day for every Indian.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) September 24, 2014
Congratulations @isro for creating history by making Mangalyaan a success on its maiden mission. A proud day for every Indian.
— N Chandrababu Naidu (@ncbn) September 24, 2014
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

iPhone 6 has car Bluetooth problemsiPhone 6 has car Bluetooth problems
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 24, 2014: 8:04 AM ET
 
'Apple Pay' may be safer than plastic
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
How about this oh-so-2014 moment: People are showing up at car dealerships with phone problems.
If you can't connect your iPhone 6 to your car via Bluetooth, you're not alone. A bug is keeping many folks from establishing a connection, according to widespread complaints on Apple's online forums .
Some people have set up specialized discussion boards on the subject and others have taken to Twitter to vent their frustration. They say Bluetooth connections are either not working at all, or only partially. Some iPhone 6 owners say they can play music in their cars but not receive or send phone calls.
It doesn't affect everyone, but complaints are flooding in from people who drive Acura, BMW, Honda ( HMC ), Jeep, Mercedes-Benz, Nissan, Toyota ( TM ) and Porsche vehicles.
Related: iPhone 6 or 6 Plus? Which should you buy?
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) did not return calls for comment about the problem.
According to one driver, Arfan Akram, Mercedes-Benz customer service suggested to him that the new iPhone 6 cannot connect because it has not yet been synchronized with the car maker's satellite navigation system. Mercedes-Benz did not immediately confirm that is the case.
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
The problem seems to be confined to the iPhone 6 alone -- not the new iOS 8 software recently pushed out by Apple. Drivers say their updated iPhone 5's and 5S phones work fine, but their iPhone 6's don't.
For example, one San Francisco woman's iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S worked fine with her 2010 Acura, but her iPhone 6 remains stuck in discovery mode and can't find her car -- even if he's inside it. Resetting the phone to factory settings didn't help.
Related: Apple's annual iPhone snafus
Neither does rebooting the phone, according to several others.
But one tactic worked for Karl Tatgenhorst, a tech consultant in Chesterton, Indiana. He changed the registered name of his new iPhone 6 (easy to do in the phone's settings). His 2015 Honda Accord immediately identified his phone and connected.
Bluetooth woes aren't the only problem facing the new iPhone.
The new, larger iPhone 6 Plus is susceptible to bending after a day crammed into a pants pocket, some users have reported on online forums .
And iOS 8 has caused a rise in crashing apps, according to mobile metrics firm Crittercism. Nearly 3.6% of iPhone apps are crashing with iOS 8, nearly double the crash rate of the previous version of iOS.
Problems with iPhone launches are common , and Apple typically works these issues out eventually.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 7:23 AM ET
Most Popular

Sharad Pawar to seek creation of new Malegaon district in MaharashtraSep 24, 2014 at 04:53pm IST
Sharad Pawar to seek creation of new Malegaon district in Maharashtra
16
1
Malegaon: Former Union Minister Sharad Pawar has stressed on the need to carve a new minority district of Malegaon out of Nashik for proper development of the powerloom town.
"The bifurcation of Nashik district has been delayed for past many years, but now we will try our best to create a new Malegaon district and it will be developed," Pawar said while addressing a public rally on Tuesday.
The NCP chief said that they will make efforts for providing concessions to powerlooms for their overall development and to start a direct flight service from Aurangabad for Haj pilgrims.
"The bifurcation of Nashik district has been delayed for past many years, but now we will try our best to create a new Malegaon district and it will be developed," Sharad Pawar said.
#ncp #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #sharad pawar
On the occasion, state PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal criticised the Narendra Modi-led Central government for its "anti-farmer policies". Lauding the NCP chief, Bhujbal said when Pawar was the Union Agriculture Minister, he took care of the farmers, but alleged that now they were facing problems due to the "wrong agriculture policies of the NDA government."
1

Narendra Modi seeks to crown global sales pitch with US tourE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SSS  RSP  Shiv Sangram decide to quit Maha Yuti and fight independentlyThree parties quit MahaYuti alliance over seat allocation
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Even as the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) are yet to arrive at a consensus on seat sharing between them, three of their erstwhile poll allies - Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), Rashtriya Samaj Party (RSP), and Shiv Sangram - have decided to quit the MahaYuti (grand alliance). They say the seven seats offered to them are inadequate and they will jointly contest all the 288 Assembly seats.
However, one of the MahaYuti allies, Republican Party of India (RPI), decided to go with Shiv Sena-BJP. Had RPI walked out of the MahaYuti, its president Ramdas Athavale, who was elected to the Rajya Sabha from the BJP quota, might have had to resign.
The leaders of SSS, RSP and Shiv Sangram had walked out of a meeting with the Shiv Sena and BJP in a suburban five star hotel late Tuesday night, after the two major parties expressed their inability to give more seats. SSS founder and member of Parliament Raju Shetty reminded the two saffron parties that the alliance partners’ active participation was key to the victory of Shiv Sena and BJP candidates in the Lok Sabha election.
“Do not underestimate us. How can you offer such a less number of seats, after keeping us engaged in talks for the past two and a half months? If seats are not increased, we are free to quit MahaYuti and it will not be a healthy sign for Shiv Sena and BJP,” Shetty warned. Shiv Sena and BJP leaders, including Sanjay Raut and Vinod Tawde, had requested Shetty, RSP chief Mahadev Jankar and Shiv Sangram founder Vinayak Mete not to take any decision in haste. The three leaders were also requested to meet again on Wednesday morning.
Accordingly, the latter waited till Wednesday morning. As they did not get any positive indication from either the Shiv Sena or the BJP, they held a meeting and SSS leader Sadabhau Khot, who was defeated by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) stalwart Vijaysinh Mohite-Patil in Madha constituency in the general election, announced the three parties have decided to call it a day.
Khot blasted both the Shiv Sena and the BJP for the ‘insult’ and ‘backstabbing’. “We offer an unconditional apology to the citizens of Maharashtra. We had joined Shiv Sena-BJP in a bid to dislodge the corrupt Congress-NCP government. However, Shiv Sena and BJP ditched us and, therefore, we have decided to quit the alliance and fight all 288 seats. The list of the three parties will be announced by this evening as the filing of nominations ends of September 27.”
Meanwhile, the Shiv Sena, which has offered 130 seats to the BJP, tweaking its last formula of 151:119, asked the latter to give more seats to SSS, RSP and Shiv Sangram.
Notably, the BJP had explored the option of parting ways with the Shiv Sena and contest all 288 seats along with RPI, SSS, RSP and Shiv Sangrama. A BJP leader, who did not wish to be named, told Business Standard: “Under this formula, the BJP will contest 233 seats, and 55 by RPI, SSS, RSP and Shiv Sangram.”

Coal block allocation: PSU banks under pressure on asset quality concernsCoal block allocation: PSU banks under pressure on asset quality concerns
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 03:14 PM IST
Banking shares mainly public sector undertakings (PSU) are under pressure falling by up to 5% on concerns of asset quality due to their exposure to coal mines.
The Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except for government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis. The public sector banks have the high exposure to the power and iron & steel sectors.
IDBI Bank, Bank of India and Canara Bank have dipped 5% each, Allahabad Bank, Punjab National Bank, Andhra Bank, Syndicate Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Bank of Baroda and State Bank of India are down 2-3% on National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The NSE CNX PSU Bank index, the largest loser among sectoral indices, is down 2.8% compared to 0.27% decline in benchmark CNX Nifty at 1510 hours. According to a report by Karvy, as of June this year, the banking sector had exposure of Rs 5 lakh crore (8.8% of non-food credit) to the power sector, against 4.3% in March 2008.

Rajnath Singh assures all help to flood-hitAssamPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:48 pm
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday assured all possible assistance to the Assam government for rescue and relief of flood-affected people in the state.
During a telephonic talk with Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, the Home Minister conveyed to him that the central government was monitoring the flood situation in the northeastern states and was ready to help all flood-affected states in facing the challenge.
Eleven NDRF teams comprising over 550 personnel have been deployed for relief and rescue operations in the flood-hit areas of Assam.
The teams are carrying boats and other equipment. Each NDRF team has a strength of over 50 personnel.
Following demands of the state authorities, rescue and relief teams of NDRF are deployed at Boko, Goalpara, Guwahati, Sonitpur, North Lakhimpur, Tinsukia and Dhemaji in Assam while two teams have been sent to Tura and West Garo Hills in Meghalaya, which is also facing the onslaught of heavy rains and landslide.
Torrential rains for the last couple of days in northeastern parts of the country have resulted in flooding in several districts of Assam and Meghalaya even as heavy rains in these parts have wreaked havoc triggering flash floods in several districts of the two states, killing 30 people and leaving scores homeless.

Orissa HC lawyers go on strike to protest ex-AG Mohantys arrest in chit-fundscamPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneshwar | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:23 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 11:55 pm
Lawyers in Orissa High Court at Cuttack today struck work to protest the arrest of former advocate general Asok Mohanty by the CBI for his alleged links with chit fund firm Artha Tatwa Group chief Pradeep Sethy.
On Monday, Mohanty was arrested by a team of CBI officials from his Cuttack residence over charges of misuse of his official position for personal benefit and misappropriation of funds of Artha Tatwa group.
The CBI has slapped charges 120 B, 294, 341, 406, 409, 420, 467, 468, 471, 506 and 34 of IPC and sections 3, 4, 5 of Prize, Chit and Money Circulation Scheme Act 1978 against Mohanty.
After the end of two-day remand, CBI today produced Mohanty, Odia daily Odisha Bhaskar owner Madhu Mohanty and land broker Dharmendra Bothra in a special CBI court today which rejected their bail petitions. The three have been sent to Jharpada jail in Bhubaneswar. Though the ex-AG’s advocate moved a petition seeking shifting of his client to a hospital on health grounds, he later withdrew it after Mohanty refused to go to a hospital.
The former AG had bought a two-storied building in Cuttack from Sethy in 2013, even as two FIRs against him over duping investors were pending before the police stations of Balasore and Bhubaneswar. It was alleged that Mohanty had used his influence to help Sethu get anticipatory bail in Orissa High Court when the first FIR was filed in Balasore town police station in October 2012. He also allegedly did not pay a part of the money that he was supposed to pay Sethy for the sale. Mohanty, who resigned from the post of AG nine days ago, was interrogated by the CBI a day later.
With Mohanty in CBI custody, the Orissa High Court Bar Association today announced that the lawyers in High Court would strike work for next 2 days. “The CBI has not followed proper procedure while arresting Mohanty. There was no ground for taking him on a two-day remand. He was cooperating with the CBI in its investigation and there was no record and evidence that he was trying to flee the state. CBI has violated the Advocates Act the way Mohanty was arrested,” said
Bidyadhar Pradhan, secretary of the HC Bar Association. Apart from High Curt, advovocates in other courts in Cuttack too struck work. Tomorrow, the HC Bar Association would appeal to lawyers in other courts of the State to strike work.
Manas Ranjan Mohapatra, president of the Orissa State Bar Council, said the Council would move Mohanty’s bail petition in the court of the Special CBI Chief Judicial Magistrate. If it is rejected then they will move the District Sessions Judge court to seek his bail.
While BJD officially distanced itself from the former advocate general, Biju Janata Dal MP from Cuttack and leader of 20-member BJD Parliamentary Party in Lok Sabha Bhartruhari Mahtab too has castigated CBI for arresting Mohanty.
“It was an attempt to humiliate the former advocate general. There was no reason to arrest him as Mohanty never tried continued…
It was alleged that Mohanty had used his influence to help Sethu get anticipatory bail in Orissa High Court when the first FIR was filed in Balasore town police station in October 2012.

Missed call to women will lead to jail inBiharPress Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 24, 2014 5:21 pm
Give missed calls to women and cool your heels in jail!
CID Inspector General (IG) (Weaker Section) Arvind Pandey on Tuesday issued a circular to all district Superintendents of Police (SPs) and Government Rail Police (GRP) SPs asking them to ensure that police investigates and takes action in such cases with utmost seriousness.
“Giving repeated missed calls to women is a serious issue. It makes them feel insecure and robs them of peace of mind. We have decided to count it as a crime of stalking under Section 354D (i) and (ii) of the IPC,” Pandey said.
Pandey, however, said that police officials have been told to ignore the matter if missed calls are given once or twice, but crack the whip if they are repeated and with an intention to harass women.
The idea of taking action against ‘missed call menace’ emerged during a two-day training programme for Station House Officers of women police stations in the state as well awareness camps on crime against women that were conducted by CID at girls schools and colleges.

Ask Matt: Do buybacks distort stocksGetty
Q: Do buybacks make stocks look cheaper?
A: Companies love to tout their stock buybacks. But savvy investors know these seemingly lucrative events can distort many aspects of a stock.
Buybacks look like a win for everyone. The company uses excess cash to buy its own shares. This reduces the shares outstanding, thus dividing the company’s profit into fewer, larger slices. The result is a lift to earnings per share.
But investors who study these events know to be aware of the distortion. For instance, companies spent $116.2 billion during the second quarter buying back their own shares, according to Howard Silverblatt at S&P Dow Jones Indices. That was enough buying power to boost earnings per share by 4% or more at 23% of the companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500, Silverblatt says. Investors need to monitor this so they don’t think these companesi’ earnings grew due to selling more products or selling them at higher prices or at lower cost. It was financial engineering that created this 4% lift. And if a company isn’t as profitable or fast growing as it appears, investors need to reflect that in the price they’re paying. Keep in mind that buybacks can dry up, too. They did in the second quarter, falling 1.6% from the same period a year ago.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

PM Narendra Modi asks cola companies to blend aerated drinks with fruitjuicePrint
Modi said that he has already asked the Central government's research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks.
Press Trust of India | Tumkur (karnataka) | Posted: September 24, 2014 6:08 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 6:11 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked soft drink makers like Pepsi and others to try and mix aerated drinks with 5 per cent fruit juice to help distressed farmers find a new market for their produce.
“We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make,” Modi said after inaugurating the country’s first integrated food park here.
“I am not asking for much. If 5 per cent of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade,” he said.
Modi added that he has already asked the Central government’s research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks, which are widely considered unhealthy, with natural fruit juice.
By doing so, he said, farmers will not be forced to dump their produce and let it go waste because of unremunerative prices and the country can save Rs 30-40,000 crore by reducing the wastage of food products through processing.
According to a report by Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations released last December, the consumption of non-alcoholic beverages is expected to increase by 16.5-19 per cent over the next three years in the country.
The report says corporate manufacturers of non-alcoholic beverages are expected to grow at an annual rate of 16.5 per cent and non-corporate manufacturers at 19 per cent.
The estimates are based on an assumed gross domestic product growth of 7 per cent, which is much higher than the 5 per cent growth several economists have forecast.
The country’s beverage market is largely unorganised, with nearly 75 per cent of the demand serviced by companies in the unorganised sector.
In his 20-minute speech, Modi stressed on the importance of proper storage, processing and value additions, which will be done at the park.
He also underscored the need for adopting more scientific methods of farming.
Meanwhile, over Rs 250 crore has already been invested by the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group in the park and it has plans to invest over Rs 750 crore more over 2-3 years.
Besides, the company plans to open two more such parks at Kharagpur in West Bengal and another in Madhya Pradesh as it expands into the Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) space with its own food brands.
The farmer can get his produce to the food park, which will help in providing proper storage and process it to ensure a longer shelf life. Value additions like turning it into ready to eat items continued…
I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make, said PM Narendra Modi.

Supreme Court scraps 214 illegal coal blocks  orders government to auction themSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Three small parties quit alliance; accuse Sena-BJP of betrayalComments
With just three days left for filing of nominations, the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was struggling to reach a consensus on sharing seats, though chances for a resolution brightened late on Wednesday.
Smaller allies who were unhappy with meagre number of seats offered, later softened and said they would be satisfied with 14. “We are ready to accept 14 seats instead of 18 to keep the alliance intact,” said the RSP’s Mahadev Jankar late on Wednesday.
Following this, the two major allies will work out their seat-sharing. If the Sena retains 150 or 151, the BJP will have to be happy with 123 or 124 seats. The details were still being discussed at the time of going to press.
BJP dumps Sena, NCP calls off alliance with Cong over seat share
In the rival camp, the Congress and the NCP were finding it difficult to work out a pact. This follows the NCP’s demand for sharing the chief ministership for two and a half years each, if the alliance returns to power.
Read: Minor allies want more seats, BJP-Sena talks deadlocked again
After the smaller allies threatened to quit the alliance saying they were getting a raw deal, the Sena-BJP tried to placate them with some additional seats as well as promises of a share in power.
Three of the smaller allies — the Swabhimaan Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Shiv Sangram, and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) -- accused the Sena-BJP of sacrificing them for their own interests. Things took a serious turn on Wednesday as the allies threatened to quit the Mahayuti (grand alliance) and form a parallel alliance to contest elections. They said the decision of the Sena-BJP to reduce their share considerably from the original 18 was a betrayal. “They conveniently used us [in the Lok Sabha polls] and are now dumping us,” said SSS leader Sadabhau Khot.
The delay in pacifying the smaller allies was also because of one-upmanship between the Sena and the BJP. While the Sena stood on prestige and said it would not contest less than 151 seats, the BJP put pressure for five more seats. Through the day, the BJP encouraged smaller allies to push the Sena for more seats.
There was a series of meetings but consensus could not be worked out. Shiv Sena sources said Uddhav Thackeray told leaders of the smaller alliance parties that he had already parted with 18 seats from the 169 that his party had contested in 2009 and that now it was between them and the BJP. After its meeting with smaller allies, the BJP said talks were going on in a positive note. “We will not let down the allies. The talks are going on well,” said Devendra Phadnavis, state BJP chief.
Meanwhile, the negotiations in the ruling camp came to a standstill with NCP going into a huddle and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan leaving for his home constituency Karad for the day. It is believed that the Congress through informal channels conveyed its offer of 124 seats plus another 4 seats (where the party has not won in the last 3 elections). Sources in the party said that it was waiting for the NCP to get back.
Read: Amit Shah's Mumbai visit cancelled amid seat sharing impasse
The NCP had upped its demand for 144 seats by also staking claim on the CM post for two and a half years if the alliance came to power. The partners may stitch together an agreement by Thursday with the NCP contesting 128 to 130 seats.
Meanwhile, the parties are likely to start releasing lists of candidates on Thursday except for the seats in dispute with their allies. It is also likely that several sitting MLAs will be asked by their parties to file nominations without waiting for the official list. For instance, the NCP’s minister of state Sachin Ahir and spokesperson Nawab Malik are the key leaders who will file their nominations.
Meanwhile, BJP national president Amit Shah will be coming to the city on Thursday for a function at Uttan.

Investors look to avoid housing data sweepInvestors look to avoid housing data sweep
By: Adam Shell September 24, 2014 8:16 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) ORG XMIT: LA106
Housing has been a drag on Wall Street this week. On Monday, August sales of existing homes came in below forecasts. On Tuesday, an index that tracks the purchase prices of homes also fell shy of estimates. So, if housing is to avoid a sweep, and avoid posting three straight losing data points below expectations, August new home sales data to be released today at 10 a.m. ET have to buck the losing trend. Wall Street is expecting new-home sales to rise 4.4% to 430,000.
The recent dip in sales of existing homes and a slowdown in home price growth are the latest signs the housing market is cooling off after a solid run spurred by low borrowing costs, strong investor demand and an improving economy that enabled home buyers to come up with cash for down payments and get credit.
Existing home sales in August fell 1.8% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.05 million homes, below the 5.20 million forecast, ending a four-month streak of increases. On Tuesday, the Federal Housing Finance Agency said its purchase-only House Price Index rose 0.1% in July compared with June, below the 0.5% price gain Wall Street was betting on. On a year-over-year basis, FHFA home prices rose 4.4%, down from nearly 8% at the end of 2013, says Barclays.
“The slowdown in the rate of home price appreciation in the FHFA House Price Index in 2014 has mirrored that in other national home price indices and is broadly in line with our outlook for smaller gains in home prices this year,” Barclays told clients.
Housing remains a key plank in the economy’s ongoing recovery. So any signs of persistent weakness in the real estate space will raise warning flags on Wall Street.

PM s Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investorsSep 24, 2014, 05.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
PM's Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investors
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours. It will also closely monitor all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce the burden of compliance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM's Make in India pitch to extend red carpet for investors
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours. It will also closely monitor all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce the burden of compliance.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will roll out a red carpet to attract industrialists to make India a global manufacturing hub, to help create jobs and boost economic growth.
Before he embarks on his high profile US visit slated from September 26-30, Modi will launch the Make in India campaign at a mega event tomorrow.
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours. It will also closely monitor all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce the burden of compliance.
"The government is committed to chart out a new path, wherein business entities are extended red carpet welcome in a spirit of active cooperation. Invest India will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances," said an official statement.
Also read:  Odds were against us but we prevailed: Modi on Mars coup
Various prominent national and international industry leaders are likely to attend the programme to launch the campaign along with Ministers, senior officials, Ambassadors and opinion leaders.
The government has identified 25 key sectors in which our country has the potential of becoming a world leader. The Prime Minister will be releasing separate brochures for these sectors along with a general brochure.
The brochures covering sectors like automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways among others will provide details of growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector specific FDI and other policies and related agencies.
Investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to the foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure, with focus on green and advanced manufacturing and helping these companies to become an important part of the global value chain.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra polls: Can t think of fighting elections without our small but strong allies  says BJPMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Bed  Bath & Beyond  Merrimack Pharma surge in premarketWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Suzuki aims to sell one lakh units of GixxerSuzuki aims to sell one lakh units of Gixxer this fiscal
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 06.18PM IST
In Kerala, Suzuki hopes to sell 10,000 units this financial year, Atul Gupta, Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) told .
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOCHI: Suzuki Motorcycle India aims to sell one lakh units of its newly launched Gixxer bikes in the country this fiscal.
In Kerala, Suzuki hopes to sell 10,000 units this financial year, Atul Gupta, Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) told reporters here.
"We have already got bookings for 200 bikes in Kerala and will be delivering 500 bikes by the end of this month," he said.
Across the country, till yesterday, there were bookings for 3,000 new bikes and 2,000 have already been delivered, he said, adding that there is a huge demand for these bikes in Maharashtra, Delhi , Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
Suzuki is keen on providing youth-centric products for the Indian customers at competitive prices.
Gixxer bikes are available in five colours at a price of Rs 74,552 (ex-showroom Kochi).
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jet announces additional flights to Gulf  SE...Jet Airways announces additional flights to Gulf, Southeast Asia
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 06.14PM IST
Tags:
boeing 737
(Jet has also announced launch…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways has launched a major global expansion from this winter, announcing the addition of over a dozen flights to several destinations in the Gulf and Southeast Asia .
The private carrier today announced four daily flights from Kochi to Dubai, a second frequency between Mumbai and Doha, both from November five, and from Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram to Doha from December 1.
The premier airline, which has decided to do away with its all-economy flights, would deploy its next-generation Boeing 737-800 aircraft on these routes, offering business and economy classes.
Jet has also announced the launch of daily direct services from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune to Abu Dhabi with one stop connections to Europe, North America and Africa from November 14.
Earlier this month, the carrier said it would start a daily flight between Delhi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam via Bangkok from November five and a new service from Mumbai to the Vietnamese city, making it Jet's 22nd global destination.
The airline also plans to introduce a third daily direct flight from Mumbai to Bangkok during the winter schedule, which would be an afternoon service. This would make Jet the only Indian carrier to operate three flights a day from Mumbai to Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport.
It would start a second direct service between Mumbai and Colombo from November 5, offering same day return especially for business travellers.
The new flights and additional frequencies on some routes would strengthen Jet's presence in the high demand routes, especially in the Gulf.
With these new flights, Jet Airways would achieve the distinction of becoming India's first private airline to operate over 40 daily flights to multiple destinations in the Gulf, including Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah, Dammam and Riyadh, making it the largest operator on the India-Gulf sector, an airline statement said.
"Introduction of these flights is an important landmark in the evolution and emergence of the airline as India's premier international airline, as we will now operate over 146 daily flights to key international destinations," Jet's Senior Vice-President (Commercial) Gaurang Shetty said in the statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pvt telcos can be vital in Digital India re...Digital India
(Government has brought…)
KOLKATA: The telecom regulator has rued India's dismal broadband penetration and questioned the telecom department's decision to only involve state-owned telecom companies to implement the Rs 21,000 crore national optic fibre network (NOFN) project that is already running three years behind schedule.
In a consultation paper titled 'Delivering Broadband Quickly', unveiled Wednesday, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has also invited industry feedback on a relevant "timeframe for auctioning spectrum in the 700 MHz band," to offer the most efficient airwaves to telcos for boosting India's poor broadband penetration.
It has also invited suggestions on awarding engineering, procurement & construction (EPC) contracts to private telecom operators through the international competitive bidding route to speed up NOFN, which will be the core broadband backbone for delivering high-speed internet and government services to the common man under the Centre's Rs 1.13 lakh-crore Digital India drive.
"Are PSUs ideal choices for implementing the NOFN project, and is it not possible to piggyback on existing private sector access networks to minimize costs in reaching remote rural locations,?" asked Trai in its consultation paper.
The telecom department has mandated state-run Bharat Broadband Networks to implement the NOFN venture as the principal bandwidth supplier, and asked state-run firms Bharat Sanchar Nigam, Power Grid Corp and RailTel to handle the countrywide cable laying, trenching and ducting work.
In an interview to ET in August, Trai Chairman Rahul Khullar had doubted if the government will be able to meet the 2019 timeline to implement the Digital India initiative, given the delays in the NOFN project, and had called upon the centre to evaluate involving private sector telecom players to speed it up.
The telecom regulator's scathing criticism of India's broadband act also come barely 24 hours after telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad deplored the tardy progress of the NOFN project, which he said was contributing to "India's broadband deficit".
To suggestions in a late August ET interview that the private sector may be roped in for the NOFN project to speed it up, Prasad had said the government will continue to implement it through state-run public sector units.
Apart from inviting suggestions on reducing broadband infrastructure development costs, Trai has also sought views on involving the private sector to reduce high-speed internet delivery costs. It has also sought feedback on the quantum of spectrum required to achieve national broadband penetration targets, identifying relevant frequency bands and ways to encourage government agencies to surrender their idle spectrum.
It has also elicited views on potential policy changes needed to ramp up broadband penetration by leveraging India's significant cable TV network. In this case, Trai's poser echoes DoT's recent plans to revisit a proposal of India's broadband policy of 2004, which had suggested using the country's cable TV infrastructure as a franchisee network of internet service providers for delivering broadband.
The DoT is known to be mulling a relook at existing internet service provider (ISP) licence conditions and a separate ISP permit only for cable TV broadband, so that existing cable TV infrastructure can be leveraged efficiently.
The Trai consultation paper also wonders why "wifi hotspots" haven't seen decent traction in all these years, and elicits views on ways to evolve a robust ecosystem for fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) networks.
Issues raised by Trai are likely to mirror some of the highlights of the new BJP-led government's broadband policy that likens broadband connectivity to a fundamental right like education and health. The new broadband policy is likely to also explore ways to attract large investment from potential developers of fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) networks.
The broadband focus also stems from India's modest broadband subscriber base of 70.81 milllion as on July 2014, comprising 15.04 million wireline broadband customers and 55.77 million mobile broadband users, as per Trai data. This pales in comparison with the nearly 800 million mobile phone subscribers as on July end.
While the new policy will not tinker with NTP 2012 broadband penetration target of 175 million customers by 2015, it has advanced the 2020 target date for 600 million broadband customers by a year to 2019, according to a recent DoT note seen by ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha scam: TMC leader gets royal treatment in jailComments
Rajat Majumder, former director general of police and Trinamool Congress leader, who was arrested in connection with the multi-crore Saradha scam, is being given a royal treatment behind bars.
Just after stepping into Alipore central jail on September 19, Majumder was immediately taken to the jail hospital, where doctors reported him ‘sick’. “Normally, inmates are not kept in jail ward until critically ill,” said a senior officer of Alipore central jail.
“No inmate gets what Majumder is getting. He has tremendous clout and a section of officers are helping him. Jail hospital attendants and one of inmates are running errands 24 hours for him. This is apart from the comforts of jail hospital, with clean bed, special food. No inmate can get four to five newspapers, which he avails,” said a jail officer.
Majumder is given a choice breakfast of toast, eggs, honey, fruits and milk. His meals include preparations of fish, chicken or mutton of his choice, along with vegetables and daal.
Majumder was recently also allowed ‘close interview’ with some of his known ones in the officers room of Alipore jail, which sources say in uncommon for inmates. Majumder was a security consultant for Saradha group and president of some of its companies.

Russia completes first debt sale in 10 weeksAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Screening Committee not aware of co s misre...You are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Screening Committee not aware about misrepresentation by firm: CBI
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 06.55PM IST
Tags:
Screening Committee
(The court, after hearing…)
NEW DELHI: The CBI today told a special court that the 36th screening committee, which had recommended coal block allocation to Madhya Pradesh-based company, was not aware that the firm had allegedly misrepresented facts for acquiring the block.
CBI, which has filed a closure report in the court in the FIR lodged against Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd and others, told Special Judge Bharat Parashar that during probe it was detected that the firm had misrepresented facts and disclosed its wrong net worth before the screening committee, set up for recommending allocation of coal blocks.
"In 2005 and 2006, advertisements were floated by the Ministry of Coal for inviting applications for coal block allocation. During the investigation, it was revealed that there was misrepresentation of facts. At that time, screening committee was not aware of it. Screening committee considered and allocated the block to Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd," senior public prosecutor V K Sharma told the court.
During the arguments on the issue of consideration of closure report filed by the agency, the prosecutor further said, "The firm was also accused of mentioning wrong net worth before the committee and it had inflated its net worth."
After the probe, CBI has filed a closure report saying they have not found sufficient evidence against the firm, which was allocated coal block in Madhya Pradesh, and its directors to proceed with the case.
During the day, the court heard part arguments on the closure report filed by CBI in the case in which Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd, its directors, Pavan Ahluwalia, Kamaljeet Ahluwalia, Prashant Ahluwalia, senior official Amit Goyal and some unknown government servants were named as accused for allegedly misrepresenting facts,including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks.
The court, after hearing part arguments, fixed the matter for further consideration on the closure report on October 13.
During the hearing, the CBI's investigating officer (IO) filed a fresh set of documents and replaced illegible and blank documents with the legible ones.
The agency's move came after the court had earlier pulled it up for not filing documents in sequence and in a legible condition.
The court had earlier raised questions over CBI filing closure report against the firm's chartered accountant Amit Goyal as he was the one who had appeared before the screening committee, which dealt with its application seeking allocation of coal blocks, on behalf of the company.
It had asked CBI to clarify as to what evidence "it could not collect" during the probe to substantiate its findings recorded in the FIR in the case.
The agency in its closure report has said that the acts of Coal Ministry officials in not checking the applications with regard to their eligibility and completeness were not found to be pursuant to "criminal conspiracy".
CBI had earlier claimed that officials of the firm had furnished unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Supreme Court Cancels 214 Coal BlocksYou are here: Home Market
Supreme Court Cancels 214 Coal Blocks; Metal Stocks Crash
NDTV | Updated On: September 25, 2014 09:04 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Shares in companies that have spent crores in developing coal mines crashed on Wednesday after the Supreme Court cancelled all but four coal blocks allocated since 1993. The court let off two coal blocks operated by Reliance Power and one each by state-run NTPC and SAIL as they are associated with Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP).
Jindal Steel and Power shares closed 10 per cent lower. Shares in Hindalco Industries, an Aditya Birla Group company, ended 0.50 per cent down. The two stocks had fallen as much as 15 and 5 per cent immediately after the verdict, but saw some recovery.
Most other metal stocks closed lower. Jindal Saw fell 3.3 per cent, while Tata Steel closed down 2.6 per cent. Reliance Power shares closed 5.3 per cent higher though.
Companies that operated coal blocks will have to pay a penalty of Rs 295 per metric tonne for the amount of coal they have extracted from cancelled blocks, the court ruled.
However, in partial relief, the court granted a breathing time of six months so that the operational coal blocks can be taken over by state-run Coal India Limited. The latest ruling will allow the government to come up with a plan to auction the blocks.
Public sector lender IDBI today said it has nearly Rs 2,000 crore exposure to companies affected by the Supreme Court order.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares closed down 5.5 per cent compared to a flat performance in Nifty. The Bank Nifty fell 1 per cent. The broader Nifty closed 15 points or 0.2 per cent lower.
Today's verdict was on expected lines as the top court had declared last month that India's decades-old method of granting coal mining concessions was illegal and arbitrary, but industry lobby Assocham criticised the verdict.
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," said Rana Kapoor, President of Assocham.
The government's award of more than 200 coal blocks to steel, cement and power companies was at the centre of the "Coalgate" scandal. The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in 2012 said the underpriced sales had cost the exchequer as much as $33 billion.
(With inputs from Reuters)

JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into subsidiariesSep 24, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Post your opinion here
 
Jaiprakash Power Ventures  Ltd will not be hiiving off its two hydel projects into separate wholly-owned subsidiaries.  JPVL had earlier planned to hive off Karcham Wangtoo and Baspa II into separate subsidiaries.
The company is part of diversified Jaypee group. "The draft Scheme of Arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries... has been dropped," JPVL said in a regulatory filing today.
For the scheme of arrangement, the company had received approval of the exchanges on June 13. The 300 MW Baspa II and 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo projects are among those that are proposed to be sold by Jaypee group to  Reliance Power in a Rs 12,000-crore deal.
Both projects are located in Himachal Pradesh. Shares of the company declined nearly six per cent to close at Rs 13.65 on the BSE.
Jaiprakash Pow stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jaiprakash Power Ventures closed at Rs 13.90, down Rs 0.21, or 1.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 26.63 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 92.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.54 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.65.
RELATED NEWS

Vodafone eyes quick reforms to ease doing business in IndiaSep 24, 2014, 06.46 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Vodafone eyes quick reforms to ease doing business in India
"I think the mood of investors with the new government of India is positive because the intentions are good. My recommendation is make sure that political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts," says Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vodafone eyes quick reforms to ease doing business in India
"I think the mood of investors with the new government of India is positive because the intentions are good. My recommendation is make sure that political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts," says Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao.
Post your opinion here
 
UK-based Vodafone Group today expressed the hope that the new government would set in reforms that would help improve the ease of doing business in India and does not rule out finding a solution to the Rs 11,200 crore tax dispute outside arbitration.
On a short visit to India, Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao told the media that the outlook in the country has changed after the elections and he felt the Modi Government was pro-business.
Though the Group was not obsessed in buying companies in India, it was keeping its mind open on the issue and also on mergers and acquisitions. Still he would describe the scene about the upcoming spectrum auction as one that creates uncertainties.
"I think the mood of investors with the new government of India is positive because the intentions are good. My recommendation is make sure that political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts," he said.
On the tax dispute with the government, he said, there is a process which is a kind of civilised process that has been established between nations and companies to resolve disputes.
"That's great and we will just follow the process...The problem in India is slow and some tines contradictory to the speed of the regulatory process. There is an arbitration process, we think the process can happen," he said.
Asked whether Vodafone can enter into an agreement with the government directly on the issue, he said,"You can never rule out anything in an arbitration process because it is a mechanism for finding a private solution to the dispute. So nothing can be ruled out."
To another question if arbitration process has started, Colao said it was in a preliminary stage.
Asked whether Vodafone was disappointed that the new government left the tax dispute as it is in the first budget, Colao said he was not disappointed.
Vodafone, which is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore along with interest on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's stake in India's telecom major Hutchison Essar, said the private sector can deliver provided simple rules are framed, enough resources provided and quick decisions taken.
RELATED NEWS

Birla hopes govt devises relief plan on coal blocks orderSep 24, 2014, 07.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Birla hopes govt devises relief plan on coal blocks order
"The government should have an alternative (plan) as a lot has been invested.... Hope to learn about the government's action plan in the near future," Birla said on the sidelines of the company's 55th AGM.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Birla hopes govt devises relief plan on coal blocks order
"The government should have an alternative (plan) as a lot has been invested.... Hope to learn about the government's action plan in the near future," Birla said on the sidelines of the company's 55th AGM.
Post your opinion here
 
Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla today said the Union Government should ensure that the massive investments made by the companies to acquire coal blocks do not go down the drain following Supreme Court's order cancelling the mine permits .
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"The government should have an alternative (plan) as a lot has been invested.... Hope to learn about the government's action plan in the near future," Birla said on the sidelines of the company's 55th annual general meeting (AGM).
He also said he was sure that the government had a plan ready to tackle the issues arising out of the court's order.
RELATED NEWS

SC coal verdict puts ball back in govt s court: Amit KapurIn an interview to CNBC-TV18, Amit Kapur, Partner, J Sagar Associates gave his reading of the SC coal verdict and the road ahead.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: This ends the legal process, right? This is the final verdict on the matter and there cannot be any squabbling on this for reviews?
A: Quite clearly this is a definitive view. It is the final judgement. Of course, under the constitution there is a review and there is a curative but it is quite clear that the court did find of August 25 patent illegality, in terms of the allocations and did say it was arbitrary. They did give an opportunity of hearing and after consideration we need to examine the judgement to see where it fell but they have come to a finding that other than the UMPPs— NTPC and SAIL—they have pretty much cancelled everything.
They have been careful in two aspects. The biggest concern we all had and we need to put things in perceptive was that there should not be straight disruption in supply. It will impair the economy on cement, steel and power that has been taken care of. Six months you can continue to function as it is; there is a recovery perspective in terms of compensation to be paid for the coal mine till March 31, 2015.
The ball is back in government’s court to decide whether they want to auction or they want to go through the government entities to produce the coal and supply, so that is their problem. But to me, the three critical principles, which will need to be evolved and that entirely lies in the government’s court is in the judgement or August 25 clearly five of the factors for the 91 reforms and the crisis faced by India, three were allocated to coal, Coal India and power supply.
Today, on August 25 the judgement again said that we have that problem persisting. So while this goes back to the government, there is a huge responsibility on coal sector reforms. It is the same Coal India with their poor throughput and inability to invest and improve technology. We are the fifth largest reserve in the world and yet the third largest importer. We are looking at import bills rising to a Rs 100,000 crore and the economy is suffering.

Rape survivors in India are always traumatisedSep 24, 2014 at 06:20pm IST
'Rape survivors in India are always traumatised'
18
1
New Delhi: How cruel the world can be for a rape survivor, Suzette Jordan, the 2012 Park Street survivor, can tell you but this hasn't killed her spirit or made her give up her zest for life.
"Survivors in India are always traumatised. People pointed at my dignity. They did not even hesitate to call me a prostitute. But this hasn't stop my spirit for living life zestfully," Jordan, an Anglo-Indian who loves to live her life on her own terms, told IANS on the phone from Kolkata, saying she did not wish to shelter behind a pseudonym, which is usually the norm for survivors of rape.
"My kids are my biggest strength. I have learned to survive because my family stood beside me every single time," said Jordan, 40, who is a single mother to two children and runs an NGO that fights for women's rights.
"My kids are my biggest strength. I have learned to survive because my family stood beside me every single time," said Jordan, 40, who is a single mother to two children and runs an NGO that fights for women's rights.
#india #rape #sexual abuse #kolkata
She was allegedly raped at gun-point inside a moving car and later thrown out of it in central Kolkata, on one of its most well known streets, in February 2012.
The incident returned to haunt her some days ago when Jordan, accompanied by her friend, was refused entry into a reputed Kolkata hotel. The reason? She was a rape survivor, the hotel staff told her in the presence of several people.
The restaurant management, however, denied the charge and claimed the woman was turned out for being "troublesome".
"There were mails, posts, calls from people across the country supporting me, conveying their concern. But where were these people when I was insulted outside the hotel," she asked.
"All have their own life, all get busy. The fight is of that solitary soul who faces it, who goes through the mental trauma, that in-erasable horrific incident and those deep scars left behind," Jordan added.
Today she feels she is still a survivor of the patriarchal society and what hurts her the most was the deafening silence from the people present at the hotel who turned out to be mere mute spectators.
"No one uttered a single word in protest. They stood silently and saw me getting chastened. Nobody came out in my support, and I knew people won't, I didn't expect this," she uttered.
"This is India, this is our society. Because I am raped I don't deserve a life. Was it my fault if I was raped," asked Jordan, reflecting her disgust.
The hotel incident kicked up a storm in the social media. Thousands of posts, blogs and write-ups came up in her support. People expressed their anger over the incident.
Eventually the hotel's rating on a popular food rating website has come down to 1 from 2.5.
"I felt l was being raped again and again. The incident once again took me to my past, reminded me of the 2012 incident. Even if I want to get over that, people won't let me do so. They will keep reminding me that I was raped," Jordan said.
"Help should come as a genuine act and not show off; solidarity should be shown when needed," Jordan contended.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had courted controversy after she dubbed the rape "fabricated".
While five people were charged by the court, only three are behind bars. Two, including the prime suspect, are still untraced.
15

PM Modi asks cola companies to blend aerated drinks with fruit juiceSep 24, 2014 at 06:08pm IST
PM Modi asks cola companies to blend aerated drinks with fruit juice
14
0
Tumkur: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said that he has asked soft drink makers like Pepsi to try and mix aerated drinks with 5 per cent fruit juice to help distressed farmers find a new market for their produce.
"We drink Pepsi, Coca-Cola and I do not know how many similar beverages are available in the market. The trade runs into billions of rupees. I have asked the companies if they can blend 5 per cent natural fruit juice in the beverages they make," Modi said after inaugurating the country's first integrated food park.
"I am not asking for much. If 5 per cent of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell. A single decision can ensure billions of rupees of trade," he said. Modi added that he has already asked the Central government's research bodies to work on the possibility of blending cola drinks, which are widely considered unhealthy, with natural fruit juice.
"I am not asking for much. If 5 per cent of juice from fruits produced by our farmers is added, the farmer will not be forced to search for a market to sell," the Prime Minister said.
#tracking the modi government #narendra modi #coca cola #pepsi
By doing so, he said, farmers will not be forced to dump their produce and let it go waste because of unremunerative prices and the country can save Rs 30-40,000 crore by reducing the wastage of food products through processing.
According to a report by Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations released last December, the consumption of non-alcoholic beverages is expected to increase by 16.5-19 per cent over the next three years in the
country.
The report says corporate manufacturers of non-alcoholic beverages are expected to grow at an annual rate of 16.5 per cent and non-corporate manufacturers at 19 per cent. The estimates are based on an assumed gross domestic product growth of 7 per cent, which is much higher than the 5 per cent growth several economists have forecast.
The country's beverage market is largely unorganised, with nearly 75 per cent of the demand serviced by companies in the unorganised sector. In his 20-minute speech, Modi stressed on the importance of proper storage, processing and value additions, which will be done at the park.
He also underscored the need for adopting more scientific methods of farming.
18

Walmart to offer low-cost checking accountsIt looks like a typical supercenter, but Wal-Mart Stores is stocking some extras at its new Skokie location: foods ranging from Paskez brand candy to Shor Harbor glatt kosher meat. ( Jessica Wohl )
Wal-Mart and Green Dot, based in Pasadena, Calif., said customers can buy a starter kit for $2.95 to set up an account.
GoBank customers also will be able to instantly send money to each other using email or text message at no charge.
cshropshire@tribune.com

Coal de-allocation: India risks power cuts  $66 bn investmentsCoal de-allocation: India risks power cuts  $66 bn investments
Iran puts ONGC discovered gas field on auction listIran puts ONGC discovered gas field on auction list
Revealed! Infosys Gives Salary Hikes Upto Rs 6 CroreRevealed! Infosys Gives Salary Hikes Upto Rs 6 Crore
Modi likely to meet CEOs of 20 top cos in USModi likely to meet CEOs of 20 top cos in US
Sasken CEO resigns; stock closes down 18%Sasken CEO resigns; stock closes down 18%
Cheap doesn t mean buyCheap doesn t mean buy
8 Indians In Fortune s List Of Most Powerful Women8 Indians In Fortune s List Of Most Powerful Women
Dr. Reddys launches Levalbuterol Inhalation Solution in USAHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dr. Reddy’s launches Levalbuterol Inhalation Solution in USA
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep. 24.:  
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories announced today that it has launched Levalbuterol Inhalation Solution in multiple dosage vials in the US market on Tuesday.
It is a therapeutic equivalent generic version of XOPENEX (levalbuterol hydrochloride) inhalation solution and approved by the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA). The dosages are USP 0.31 mg /3 mL, 0.63 mg /3 mL, 1.25 mg / 3 mL Unit-Dose Vials.
The Xopenex inhalation solution brand and generic combined had U.S. sales of approximately $269.7 Million MAT for the most recent twelve months ending in June 2014 according to IMS Health.
Dr. Reddy’s Levalbuterol Inhalation Solution are in Unit-Dose Vials of (5 x 3 mL) carton of 25. Levalbuterol Inhalation Solution, USP is only for use with a nebulizer, a company release said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

New company law not onerous on independent directors  says MCA officialHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
New company law not “onerous” on independent directors, says MCA official
K. R. Srivats
Only gives a balanced picture to such directors
September 24, 2014:  
Independent directors should not see the new company law provisions governing their functioning as “onerous”, a top corporate affairs ministry (MCA) official has said.
There need not be any apprehension that the new company law has loaded independent directors with more work and made them liable for higher penalties, Amardeep Singh Bhatia, Joint Secretary, Corporate Affairs Ministry, said at an Assocham event here on Wednesday.
The new company law has only provided a balanced picture, he said.
“While penalties have been enhanced, there is an immunity kind of clause that unless they are conniving or have taken part in fraud or demonstrated lack of due-diligence, they are not liable to be prosecuted for their acts as independent directors”.
Bhatia said that the new specific provisions have only cast greater and important responsibility on independent directors.
This is largely an outcome of a movement towards increasing responsibility of independent directors’ post the several corporate scams including that of Satyam Computers, he said.
The apprehension of the new provisions being “onerous” should not be there if one is honest and not conniving with the promoters, Bhatia said.
For the first time, specific provisions have been introduced around independent directors in the new company law that got enacted last year.
Independent directors are seen as one of the Important pillars on which improved corporate governance framework has been laid in the new company law.
To ensure independence of such directors, the Centre has decided not to allow monthly remuneration or employee stock options for the independent directors.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Samsung Data presentation on smart cards for metrosSamsung Data presentation on smart cards for metros
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 24:  
As the city gears up for the Metro Rail in a few months from now, a team of Samsung Data Systems executives have met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao to show how the Central Clearing Housing Systems works.
The solution allows people to use only one card to pay at multiple points, making the life easy for both the user and various stakeholders in transportation.
Dongsun Choi (General Manager) and Young IL Kim (Project Director) of Samsung Data Systems India explained to the Chief Minister how top global cities are using technologies that save time and effort for citizens.
The referred to the examples of Oyster card in the UK, Octopus Card in Hong Kong, Suica Card in Japan that are being used in the city transportation ecosystem.
“Using these cards, people can make payments in metro stations, buses, taxis as well as in retail shops. These go a long way in better managing the smart cities,” a statement from the Chief Minister’s office, quoting the company executives.
The Chief Minister asked them to come out with a specific proposal that could meet the requirements of Hyderabad.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Coal import bill to shoot up by Rs 18k cr: ReportCoal import bill to shoot up by Rs 18k cr: Report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
India’s coal import bill is likely to go up further by around Rs 18,000 crore due to the cancellation of coal blocks by the country’s apex court, according to a report.
The Supreme Court today quashed the allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993.
Around 40 of them were operational.
“In the event of complete de—allocation of the coal blocks, the import bill of India would jump by $3 billion.
The two most impacted companies are Jindal Steel and Power and Hindalco,” Macquaire had said in a recent report.
“Any news of curtailment of India’s coal production could help revive the weak global sentiment on coal, as some companies might try to build inventory,” it added.
India had imported around 168.4 million tonnes of coal worth Rs 95,000 crore last fiscal and this figure is expected to rise in the current year.
India is the third largest importer despite having fourth largest coal reserves in the world.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Firms which lost mines should have refusal right in auction‘Firms which lost mines should have refusal right in auction’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
The government should give the first right of refusal in the ensuing coal mine auction to the companies which lost the blocks in the mass cancellation by the Supreme Court today, former Coal Secretary PC Parakh said.
The economy will be severely impacted if the government fails to re-allocate the cancelled blocks within six months, Parakh said while reacting to the court verdict quashing allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allocated to various companies since 1993 in a major blow to the corporate sector.
He also questioned as to why no investigation was carried out against those who prevented implementation of a transparent allocation system.
“The Supreme Court has cancelled all the blocks except four. I believe that the blocks cancelled will be re-allocated and if present holders are given the first right of refusal then there would not be much dislocation of work. If there is a wholesale change and new people come, it would have a very severe impact,” the former Coal Secretary said.
It may be noted that Parakh’s name figured in an FIR filed by the CBI in the coal scam. The agency filed a closure report last month.
The severity of the impact could be mitigated if the company holding mines prior to today’s cancellation are given the option to match the price of the highest bidder in the auction and the mine should be allotted to the highest bidder only after his refusal, he said.
The impact on the power sector and economy depends on how fast re-allotment is done, he said. “If it is not done within 6 months then the impact would be very severe,” he cautioned.
He also wondered why there was no “investigation into reasons as to why it took about eight or ten years to implement a decision which was taken in 2004,” and said “this issue has not been investigated by CBI here at all and Supreme Court has not directed CBI to look into this aspect.”
He asked why “no investigation has taken place” against those who failed to implement a transparent policy. “That is one big lacuna in the way investigation is going. People who made the mistake of following wrong policy and making wrong allocation, no action was taken against them.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Telangana urges Centre to sanction Rs 777 cr for IT projectsTelangana urges Centre to release Rs 777 cr for IT projects
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 24:  
The IT Ministry of Telangana has asked the Union Government to sanction Rs 777 crore more to take up the first phase of the ITIR (Information Technology Investment Region) in the State.
While sanctioning the first ITIR project for the undivided Andhra Pradesh, the then Government has promised an assistance of Rs 942 crore to kick start the project that seeks to develop the basic and IT infrastructure in area of 202 square kilometres or about 50,000 acres.
As against the commitment, the Centre has so far released Rs 165 crore.
Telangana IT Minister K Taraka Rama Rao is in Delhi on Wednesday to meet the Union IT Minister, Ravishankar Prasad, and submitted a memorandum, asking him to release the additional funding as promised in the project proposal.
The first phase, which will be completed by 2019, includes extension of the MMTS (Multi-Modal Transport Service) to the international airport from the last port of Umdanagar at a cost of Rs 85 crore.
“Nearly half of the Rs 942 crore would go to building road power infrastructure. We expect an expenditure of Rs 417 crore to set up dedicated transformers in various places and Rs 440 crore for upgradation and widening of roads,” the Minister said in the memorandum.
The Minister said the State Government had identified four areas of Kokapet, Adibatla, Pocharam and Brahmani to kick start the first phase ITIR. “We have about 3,000 acres of government land there where we are planning to develop IT parks.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Wipro in global Dow Jones Sustainability IndexWipro in global Dow Jones Sustainability Index
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore Sept 24:  
Wipro has been selected as a member of the global Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) - 2014 for the fifth year in succession. Wipro is included in both the DJSI World and Emerging Markets Indices.
DJSI is a global indicator tracking the financial performance of companies across all industries that outperform on sustainability and Wipro was assessed on economic, environment and social sustainability performance, according to Wipro officials.
A total of 1,813 companies were assessed from around the world of which 319 have been chosen as the DJSI World constituents for the year 2014-15, the IT Services sector saw 74 companies participating globally of which 7 have been selected for the World Index, the statement added.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Mumbai least expensive city to live in: UK reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme Court coal block allocations order upsets NTPC s plansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Unitech  UCP get BoA approval for stake sale in 5 SEZsUnitech, UCP get BoA approval for stake sale in 5 SEZs
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 06:20 PM IST
The Board of Approval (BoA) for SEZs has cleared the deal of Unitech Corporate Parks (UCP), which is listed on the London Stock Exchange, to sell its stake in the 5 SEZs in India to Brookfield Asset Management.
UCP and realty major Unitech are jointly developing five special economic zones (SEZs) and one IT Park in Gurgaon, Noida and Kolkata. In these six projects, UCP holds 60% stake and Unitech 40%.
In June, UCP had announced that it has signed a deal to sell its 60% stake in the six projects to Brookfield for about 205.9 million pounds (Rs 2,050 crore).
Separately, Unitech also sold its 40% stakes in 4 projects.
In its meeting held on September 18, the Board of Approval (BoA), a 19-member inter-ministerial body headed by Commerce Secretary, has approved the Unitech-UCP proposal for change in the shareholding patterns in these five SEZs.
The BoA approvals are subject to certain conditions. It has directed that full financial details relating to change in equity/merger, demerger, amalgamation or transfer in ownership etc should be furnished immediately to Member (IT), CBDT, Revenue Department and to the jurisdictional authority.
All eligibility criteria applicable to developers, including security clearances etc, should be fulfilled by the new developer entity and its constituents, according to the minutes of the meeting.
Sources said that the BoA clearance was necessary condition for closure of the deal, which is now expected to get completed soon.
Unitech would get about Rs 1,500-2,000 crore from selling its 40% stake in four SEZs projects and also about 10% direct stake in UCP. The proceeds would be utilised to reduce debt, they added.
The company's net debt stood at Rs 5,900 crore at the end of the first quarter of this fiscal. The company currently has over 100 ongoing projects, totalling an area of 38.41 million sq ft.
Unitech Chairman Ramesh Chandra has told shareholders in the annual report that the company would sell non-core land to reduce debt by 15-20% and improve cash-flows for faster execution of ongoing projects.

Vodafone wants quick reforms to ease doing business in IndiaVodafone wants quick reforms to ease doing business in India
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 06:20 PM IST
UK-based Vodafone Group today expressed the hope that the new government would set in reforms that would help improve the ease of doing business in India and does not rule out finding a solution to the Rs 11,200 crore tax dispute outside arbitration.
On a short visit to India, Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao told the media that the outlook in the country has changed after the elections and he felt the Modi Government was pro-business.
Though the Group was not obsessed in buying companies in India, it was keeping its mind open on the issue and also on mergers and acquisitions. Still he would describe the scene about the upcoming spectrum auction as one that creates uncertainties.
"I think the mood of investors with the new government of India is positive because the intentions are good. My recommendation is make sure that political intentions (are) translated into administrative acts," he said.
On the tax dispute with the government, he said, there is a process which is a kind of civilised process that has been established between nations and companies to resolve disputes.
"That's great and we will just follow the process...The problem in India is slow and some tines contradictory to the speed of the regulatory process. There is an arbitration process, we think the process can happen," he said.
Asked whether Vodafone can enter into an agreement with the government directly on the issue, he said,"You can never rule out anything in an arbitration process because it is a mechanism for finding a private solution to the dispute. So nothing can be ruled out."
To another question if arbitration process has started, Colao said it was in a preliminary stage.
Asked whether Vodafone was disappointed that the new government left the tax dispute as it is in the first budget, Colao said he was not disappointed.
Vodafone, which is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore along with interest on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's stake in India's telecom major Hutchison Essar, said the private sector can deliver provided simple rules are framed, enough resources provided and quick decisions taken.

SEC investigates Pimco ETF over pricingSEC probes Pimco ETF over pricing irregularities
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/633ea328-439b-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee opens 7 paise down on increased dollar demandRupee update: Rupee logs third day of loss on dollar demand
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 19:58 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Sustained dollar demand from importers amid weakness in local equities led the rupee to extend its losses for the third straight day and closed down by a mere two paise at 60.96 against the American unit, in an otherwise dull trade on Wednesday.
Heavy selling by foreign funds on Tuesday in local stocks and better dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local currency commenced lower at 61.03 a dollar from previous close of 60.94 and moved in a limited range of 60.9250 and 61.05 before settling at 60.96, a net fall of two paise or 0.03 pct. In straight three days, it has declined by 15 paise or 0.25 per cent.
Continued month-end dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners weighed on the rupee.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday washed out major afternoon session losses, but still closed down by 31 points or 0.12 pct while FPIs/FIIs pulled out $156.79 mn on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was up by a minor one per cent and remained near four-year peak against its major rivals, underpinned by safe-haven buying as US and Arab warplanes struck targets in Syria.
Mr. Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said,"Today Rupee traded in a thin range and ended almost flat. It is expected to depreciate in coming days due to month end dollar buying from oil marketing companies. In morning session also we have seen the pressure on rupee however exporter's dollar selling capped the dollar gain towards end. The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.70 to 61.40."
In forward market, premium softened further on continued receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased to 215.5-216.5 paise from 216.5-218 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also slipped to 471.5-472.5 paise from 472.5-474.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.0293 and for the euro at 78.3738.
The rupee held stable against the pound to end at its overnight level of 99.89 while recovered to 78.21 per euro from 78.56. It also rebounded to 56.04 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.17 on Tuesday.

Starbucks to buy Japan unit for $914mSeptember 24, 2014 4:14 am
Starbucks to take control of Japan operations for $914m
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/977d7b28-4391-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CEO Sikka gets down to retaining talent at InfyInfosys aims for employee-friendly workplace as CEO allows staff to use social media on the job
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 14:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Vishal Sikka , the new CEO of Infosys, has come up with a novel approach to reviving the financial fortunes of the country's outsourcing business major: use Facebook at work, tweet, but get the job done.
Infosys has long been run as a conservative company known for keeping strict tabs on work hours and sometimes fining employees for not wearing ties on specific days. Such cheerless self-regard could not have come at a more challenging time, analysts say.
In the last few years, the former bellwether of the domestic outsourcing industry has lagged rivals in winning contracts from the West, torn between chasing high-margin projects and low-margin bread-and-butter IT deals.
To be sure, Infosys has been ploughing into new technologies such as cloud computing and smartphone app development to help return the firm to the forefront of the IT sector. However, Sikka, the company's first CEO who is not a co-founder or a legacy employee, is setting his sights on employees first.
"These changes might not look big or material, but he's trying to tell people this is a start, bigger things are on their way," said Shreya Bajaj, a Bangalore-based head hunter who helps IT companies recruit senior level executives.
As the IT company's fortunes decline, attrition rates have increased, employee morale flagged and members of top management headed for the exits.
To retain talent, Sikka hopes to create a more employee-friendly workplace. Come October, the company's 160,000 employees will be gradually allowed to tweet from their personal devices at work.
Human resources are vital to the country's $108 billion outsourcing sector. The bulk of IT engineers work to remotely manage clients' technology networks, provide business solutions and help write and service software that run their business.
While IT companies hire hundreds of graduates every year, it takes time for a new employee to settle into a project. Very high attrition could also force IT firms to constantly redeploy workers from project to project, potentially unsettling clients.
Infosys declined to comment for this story, saying it is in a "quiet period" ahead of its interim earnings announcement on October 10.
The Bangalore-headquartered IT services firm is likely to post a 21 per cent rise in net profit in the quarter ended September as a global economic recovery helps bolster tech spending, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters.
TEAM LUNCHES
Besides being given easier access to social networking sites such as Facebook, employees at Infosys are treated to team lunches and they also get frequent mails from their CEO, said 15 current and former Infosys employees interviewed by Reuters.
Infosys employees are also being solicited for new business ideas and are seeing location transfer requests go through more smoothly than before, they said, declining to be identified as they are not allowed to talk to the media.
The annualised attrition rate at Infosys stood at 19.5 per cent at the end of June, a record for the company, and higher than that of its rivals Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro . A rate of 12-15 per cent is seen as normal in this industry.
IT services companies traditionally see higher attrition among employees who have been around for three to six years. Since most of the firms are built on identical business models, it is easy for young workers to hop between companies for projects, promotions or salary hikes.
"Employees can be replaced, but they have to understand the project, know the client and be comfortable with the team and boss. That takes time," said RK Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, which owns shares of Infosys.
Senior executives at Infosys said there was a push towards a more open culture, investing in personnel and getting managers closer to the ground.
"We must create an environment of empowerment, mutual support and trust," Sikka, a former senior executive at German software giant SAP AG, wrote in an email this month to employees seen by Reuters.
While some employees thought these symbolic changes were signs of good times to come, others await structural changes at the company.
"What will actually make a difference is pay hikes and better results. Access to Facebook and a dress code were never a concern when the company was doing well," said a former board member, who declined to be named.
(Reuters)

Vodafone UK chief pledges growthVodafone UK chief pledges growth
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11594962-43c5-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alliance difficult if conditions are impossible: PrithvirajChavanMaharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan said he would work for the development of the city from where he is planning to contest Assembly election. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 24, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 7:07 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday said the alliance with NCP for next month’s Assembly elections would be difficult to sew up if “impossible” conditions were laid down.
“Congress is keen on continuing the alliance with NCP to keep the communal forces at bay. But if impossible conditions are put, things become difficult. Had the talks been started without pre-conditions, we would have sorted out all the issues by now,” Chavan said, talking to reporters in Karad in western Maharashtra.
He refused to confirm if the NCP had asked for Chief Minister’s post for half the term if voted back to power.
But his cabinet colleague and senior Congress leader Narayan Rane confirmed this, saying that Chavan was in talks with Congress high command on the issue and a decision would be taken later this evening.
Addressing his supporters in Karad earlier, Chavan said he would work for the development of the city from where he is planning to contest Assembly election.
“Karad is my hometown and I owe everything I have to this town. It is time that I repaid the people for the various opportunities they have given me,” he said.
He added that though he spent many years in Delhi, he never abdicated his responsibility towards the people of his state and his hometown.
“Four-lane roads as well as Karad-Chiplun rail route have been built to ensure better connectivity. With  international-standard turf wicket, the Chhatrapati Shivaji stadium was redeveloped,” he said, citing the infrastructure works carried out in Karad during his tenure.
He also mentioned that an agricultural college and a hotel management institute were set up in the area.

Mumbai least expensive city to live in: UK r...Mumbai
(British capital London…)
LONDON: Mumbai has emerged as the world's least expensive city to live and work in, according to a latest real estate analysis.
British capital London has overtaken Hong Kong as the most expensive city to rent living and working space, UK real estate major Savills said in its findings based on research in the world's top 12 financial hubs.
London's overall real estate costs grew in US dollar terms by an annualised rate of 10.6 per cent in the first six months of the year, making it "the world's most expensive city for companies to locate employees."
The annual cost per employee in London was put at USD 1, 20,568, with Mumbai at the bottom of the table at $ 29,742.
Hong Kong is now at $ 1,15,717, New York and Paris are in third and fourth place with $ 1,07,782 and $ 1,05,550 respectively.
Sydney came eighth at $ 63,630, Shanghai 10th at $ 43,171 and Rio 11th at $ 32,179.
"Despite its climb in the rankings from fifth to first place since 2008, London is still a way off the live/work accommodation costs record, set by Hong Kong in 2011 at USD 128,000 a year," Savills said, adding that Hong Kong was still "by far the most expensive city" in which to buy residential property, with prices 40 per cent higher than London - although the gap was narrowing.
"Comparatively affordable" Rio and Sydney had seen significant increases in live/work costs since 2008 - up 85 per cent and 58 per cent respectively - but Savills said Rio still looked "highly competitive".
Yolande Barnes , the company's director of world research, said: "This year has seen much more modest real estate price growth in nearly all our world cities, and some have shown small falls.
We expect this subdued trend to continue as investor interest and market activity shifts to second-tier cities".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple plans to shut down Beats Music: TechCrunchApple plans to shut down Beats Music: TechCrunch
Business News: Apple denies dropping 'Beats'
Apple's plan for the Beats Music brand is unclear. An industry analyst suggested that the name would eventually be retired and streaming music would be incorporated into iTunes.
Apple's plan for the Beats Music brand is unclear. An industry analyst suggested that the name would eventually be retired and streaming music would be incorporated into iTunes.
By TechCrunch
Update: Apple has denied TechCrunch's report saying Beats Music streaming service being shut down “is not true.” For a full update, please see TechCrunch's post .

Poised to drive off into the sunset  mail trucks face uncertainty1
But replacing the fleet would cost postal officials about $5 billion — an amount they are unable to meet. The financially struggling mail agency has exceeded its legal borrowing limit and doesn't have the cash for such an expensive, if critical, investment.
The Postal Service, however, has come up with a possible solution: Find a company that can retrofit the existing light-duty trucks by keeping their aluminum bodies and replacing the frames.
"The bodies are still in really good shape," said Sue Brennan, a Postal Service spokeswoman.
The agency put out a request for information last week to vendors with ideas for building a new rolling chassis for the trucks that would keep delivery features such as roll-up rear doors, sliding side doors and right-hand drive for curbside deliveries, while maintaining crucial updates.
Among the biggest changes, Brennan said, is likely to be increased room for packages — the Postal Service's biggest growth area and its hope for the future. A mix of truck sizes is also under consideration, with some designed for letters and larger vehicles for packages. But the fleet will need to include trucks that are agile enough to maneuver through city streets.
Postal officials have sent surveys to thousands of letter carriers to ask them what they need and want in the truck of the future. About 60 percent have responded so far. At the top of the list is more room for packages. Other suggestions include easier access to the back of the truck, adjustable steering wheels and shoulder belts, seat belts that are bright orange and safety sensors that let carriers know if they're about to run something over or are too close to another vehicle.
 

7 Financial Planning Tips for Single Parentsreddit
This article was written by Lisa Hay for Betterment.com .
Single parents have a lot to handle--not only do they act as the sole provider of care and emotional support, but they may also be the only financial provider for their children.
Here are some of the first things for single parents to consider when coming up with a prudent money plan.
1. Estate planning is your first priority.
It's essential to make to make arrangements for your children if you die or become incapacitated. You will need three major documents:
A will that specifies who will take care of your children if you die and how you will pass your assets down to them. One of the most important functions of a will is to name a guardian for your children. When selecting an executor, you should choose someone whom you trust, but that person should also be well-organized and have some knowledge of financial matters.
A "power of attorney," which gives someone the legal right to make decisions on your behalf if you are unable to do so.
An additional power of attorney specifically for healthcare, which gives someone the right to coordinate with doctors about your care if you are incapacitated
2. Have a cash flow plan.
You may have irregular streams of income. If you are divorced or widowed, you may have received a lump-sum insurance payment or Social Security benefits for children, and you may be receiving alimony payments and/or child support. These payments may stop or be reduced over time.
It's important to plan ahead by projecting your future income over several time periods. If any of the amounts will change, you have two choices: Either make up the loss of income from other sources or adjust your lifestyle. The important thing is to have a plan.
You may also want to set up a trust to provide for your children. A trust is a legal structure in which your assets can be held for the children and is overseen by a trustee. You should consider similar attributes when naming a trustee as you do when choosing an executor.
3. Create a safety net.
One of the most important steps in financial planning is to have an adequate emergency fund that acts as a financial safety net.  As a general rule, you should have at least six months' worth of non-discretionary expenses in an account that is separate from the one from which you use to handle daily expenses. That could be a savings account or a low-risk investment account .
4. Plan ahead for health costs.
It's common to lose health insurance after the death of or divorce from a spouse, and medical costs can be crippling. Approximately 1.7 million Americans live in households that will declare bankruptcy due to their inability to pay their medical bills, according to a recent NerdWallet study , so factor any foreseeable health costs into your emergency fund. You can comparison-shop for policies at your state's marketplace or at HealthCare.gov.
5. Purchase life insurance.
Life insurance can also be extremely important for single parents. However, what you purchase will depend on your family and finances. To determine your life insurance needs, calculate what you want the proceeds to do. For example, in addition to covering living expenses, do you want the proceeds to pay off a mortgage or pay for college? A term policy is most economical because it's pure insurance.
6. Explore disability coverage.
Disability insurance can be especially crucial for single parents who don't have a second income from a spouse to help cover the gap. Check with your employer to see whether it offers the benefit. Generally, you will get a reduced income amount when you claim disability--anywhere from 50% to 70% of your salary.
7. Prioritize your retirement savings over education.
If you need to make a choice between saving for retirement or paying college tuition, in most situations, you should choose saving for retirement. A student can go to college with a grant, scholarship or loan--but your earning capacity will diminish over time.
As a single parent, you know how difficult it can be to stay on top of everything. That's especially true of money matters. While getting your finances in order may involve an initial investment of time, addressing these issues will ultimately create financial peace of mind and a stronger financial future for you and your children. Remember, financial situations vary, so it's important to speak with a professional for advice based on your own circumstances.
More from Betterment.com:

Returning to Eminent Domain for Underwater Mortgages: Speak Quietly and Swing a Big Stickreddit
Almost a year ago, The Economist calculated the cost to the big banks of Financial Crisis litigation at that time at nearly $100 billion.  Since then, the U.S. Department of Justice has reached large settlements with two additional banks, Citigroup and Bank of America , which raised the price tag another $23 billion.  That $100 billion figure highlighted by The Economist included a $32 billion agreement with some of the biggest banks to settle what has come to be known as the robo-sign scandal: where low-level bank officials fabricated court documents in tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of foreclosure cases. The Department of Justice is using these and other settlements to pressure more banks to resolve still outstanding mortgage claims.
What is striking about almost all of these settlements, including the $32 billion robo-sign agreement, is that they were resolved through negotiations only.  In most cases, government lawyers obtained these large agreements without having to fire a single legal shot.  Instead, they conducted investigations and threatened litigation, but only rarely did they bring a case to trial, or even file legal papers.  Sometimes they would file legal documents after the fact, by submitting a complaint and a settlement agreement with the courts virtually on the same day so that they could have a judge monitor an agreement moving forward.  But only rarely did these cases and investigation result in a trial and a ruling.
One exception is a case that was resolved earlier in the year against Bank of America, where a federal judge ordered the bank to pay over $1 billion for shoddy loan practices of its subsidiary, Countrywide, in just one loan program utilized during the mortgage frenzy of the last decade.
That one exception would appear to prove the rule: government lawyers and some private firms have obtained well over $100 billion in fines and penalties against financial institutions for their role in the events leading up to the Financial Crisis of 2008 mostly without engaging in protracted litigation and lengthy trials.  In fact, in most instances, the mere threat of litigation, the risk of embarrassing and costly trials, and the possibility of exposure to larger fines and penalties are what brought banks to the negotiating table, and led to many of the settlements described here.
This pattern and history can offer guidance on the proper course local and state governments can take to deal with the lingering overhang from the Financial Crisis: nearly one in six mortgages in the United States is "underwater" , where the homeowner's home is worth less than the outstanding principal on her mortgage.
Localities from across the country have considered using the power of eminent domain -- the right of government to take property and pay the owner "just compensation" -- to seize such underwater mortgages and rewrite them to align with home values.  The City of Richmond, California, was the first to authorize the use of this power to take underwater mortgages, and other cities have expressed an interest in doing so.
The point of using eminent domain in this way is to pay banks the present value of these underwater mortgages.  The mortgage holders will thus not receive the face value of the mortgages as compensation for the local government taking the property, but an amount that is heavily discounted.  As my co-author, Nicholas Martin, and I explain in our recent paper , under the law of eminent domain, a government need only pay what a seller of the property would obtain on the open market if that property were sold at the time the government wants to seize it.  A recent report from the U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development shows that distressed mortgages are being sold for 60 percent of the unpaid principal of the mortgages.  For banks, the unpaid principal balance of the mortgages is what appears on their books as an asset.  If banks lose these mortgages through eminent domain, their books will look a lot different; they will reflect the discounted value of the mortgage, not its face value.
As one can imagine, banks hate this idea, and, as a result, the talks of cities using this power have subsided over the last year, as banks have claimed this use of a traditional governmental power goes too far, and it will hurt their bottom line.  They also claim that the use of this power will only hurt the communities that wield it.  Indeed, banks have said that if localities decide to implement eminent domain to seize underwater mortgages, bad things will happen to those communities.  No one will want to lend there.  No one will want to buy mortgages from there.  The community will have a hard time accessing capital.
These claims are not new.  Since the beginning of the Financial Crisis, banks have claimed that a lot of bad things will happen to them -- and the broader economy -- if regulators, Congress and other government actors do no more than ask them to make amends for their shoddy practices.  Regulators have listened to them too often.  In an essay for the New York Review of Books, Judge Rakoff, a federal judge from New York who presided over the Bank of America trial described above, said that government officials have internalized these fears, and taken a less aggressive stance against the banks than perhaps is warranted.  Indeed, despite the substantial settlements described above, the results pale in comparison to the trillions in homeowner equity that the Government Accounting Office has found has been sapped as a result of the fallout from the Financial Crisis.
As we can see, though, no bank has failed as a result of the investigations and settlements government and private lawyers have been able to exact from the banks.  Indeed, it has been mostly the threat of litigation, and not litigation itself, that has brought banks to the table to negotiate many of these large settlements.
Perhaps the mere threat that local and state governments might get serious about using eminent domain to seize underwater mortgages might be enough to get banks to do something they have been loathe to do from the beginning: write down principal and right-size mortgages to align them with current property values.  Such actions would bring much-needed relief to hundreds of thousands of borrowers and make up somewhat for the trillions in homeowner losses from the shoddy bank practices of the last decade.
Follow Ray Brescia on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rbrescia
More:

KG-D6 gas output likely to improve this fiscal: UBSKG-D6 gas output likely to improve this fiscal, says UBS
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 10:45 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Production from the Reliance Industries (RIL) consortium-operated KG-D6 gas fields in the eastern offshore is likely to improve to 15 million units by the second half of the current financial year as the operator completes work-overs, financial services company UBS has said.
"KG-D6 gas production to improve further to 15 mmscmd (million metric standard cubic meters per day) with work-over at D1-D3 complete by 2HFY15," UBS said in a research note released on Tuesday.
Gas production from RIL's KG basin block has fallen to around 12 mmscmd after reaching a 2010 peak of 61 mmscmd, and the company is carrying out work-over on main Dhirubhai-1 and 3 gas fields.
"We think an increase in gas price hike is likely soon, and the government focus to encourage domestic production and problems with KG-D6 should be resolved shortly and gas production visibility should improve," the note added.
RIL is already in arbitration with the government on proposed cost recovery by the latter for the consortium not being able to meet the committed output from the fields.
There is a second arbitration ongoing on the delay in implementation by the government of the new gas price guidelines notified by the previous government in January.

TNT Express shares slide on profit alertTNT Express shares fall after profit warning
By John Aglionby in London and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c225f46a-43b2-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt Expects  Substantive  Outcome From Modi s U.S. VisitGovt Expects  Substantive  Outcome From Modi s U.S. Visit
HCL Technologies appoints Matt Preschern as CMOIT services major HCL Tech appoints Matt Preschern as CMO
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 17:02 IST
People walk in front of the HCL Technologies Ltd office at Noida (Photo: Reuters)
HCL Technologies , the information technology (IT) services provider, on Wednesday announced the appointment of Matt Preschern as its chief marketing officer (CMO) and executive VP.
"His experience in building marketing muscle for next generation technology solutions and services makes him a perfect choice for playing a key role in enabling HCL's growth blueprint based on new generation propositions," HCL Technologies CEO Anant Gupta said.
Before joining HCL Technologies , Preschern was senior VP and enterprise CMO at Windstream where he led brand management, demand generation and digital content marketing, the Noida-based firm said in a release.
He was also responsible for the product and solution marketing, pricing, channel and field marketing, PR and industry analyst relations at Windstream, the release added.
Preschern has held leadership positions at IBM including VP of marketing for the North America business consultancy services provider. He also played a key role in IBM's global 'Smarter Planet' campaign and also developed the 'On Demand Business Adoption' model.

TPG s Bonderman says  Modi euphoria  makes India overpricedSep 24, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
TPG's Bonderman says 'Modi euphoria' makes India overpriced
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TPG's Bonderman says 'Modi euphoria' makes India overpriced
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
Post your opinion here
 
Global private equity firm TPG Capital's founding partner David Bonderman said the election of Narendra Modi as India's prime minister had contributed to overpriced buyouts, and warned the new leader may not be able to solve all of the nation's ills.
Bonderman said that while Modi's election was positive for India, the boost in public markets had a knock-on impact on private equity deals.
"There are times when places like India are cheap. That isn't the case now, so we have to be cautious," Bonderman said at the annual SuperReturn private equity conference in Hong Kong on Wednesday.
"In India, the public markets are ahead of themselves, as they often are in India. It tends to be the case that prices follow the public markets in India, and they get out of control as they are at the moment, due in part to Modi euphoria," said Bonderman.
TPG [TPG.UL] was one of the first global private equity firms to enter Asia, opening a Shanghai office in 1994. It employs around a dozen full-time employees in India and is invested in Shriram City Union Finance, Shriram Properties, among others.
Bonderman said that after the euphoria, there will be a period of disenchantment as people realise the limits of what Modi can fix.
"Most of what ails India can't be fixed by one man and a federal system," he said.
Bonderman pointed to the country's power sector as an example of problems the country faces.
"So India is way underpowered and they can't get their act together to figure out how much they're charging for coal and how much they're charging for natural gas, and definitely you can't get anybody building power plants," said Bonderman.
"Mr Modi can't fix that overnight. Maybe over a decade," he added.
Bonderman declined to comment when asked on the sidelines if TPG was considering an IPO, but did confirm that the firm remained open, but cautious, about the possibility.
RELATED NEWS

Associate VP Ambit CapitalExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Dayanand Mittal is an alumni of the Xavier Institute of Management and specializes in analysis, banking, budgeting, computer associates packages, customer relations, english, equities, finance, flash, hindi, languages, lotus notes, marketing, mba, modeling, natural gas, oil painting, platinum, presentation skills, reality, report writing, research, safety, sales, valuation,
ABOUT Dayanand Mittal
Dayanand Mittal is an alumni of the Xavier Institute of Management and specializes in analysis, banking, budgeting, computer associates packages, customer relations, english, equities, finance, flash, hindi, languages, lotus notes, marketing, mba, modeling, natural gas, oil painting, platinum, presentation skills, reality, report writing, research, safety, sales, valuation,

Aryaman Capital Markets IPO opens on September 25Aryaman Capital Markets IPO opens on September 25
What next after the SC rulingWhat next?
The cancellation of coal blocks could push up banks’ NPA levels as power projects could get stuck.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India Limited (CIL) accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it is not enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
Read: Supreme Court scraps 214 illegal coal blocks, markets down
 How will it affect companies?
India’s power projects could be the worst affected because of the ruling and the of cancellation of coal blocks.
 
How will it affect consumers?
For consumers it could end up raising tariffs as companies could charge more to cover for higher cost of coal that will have to buy through auction.
 
What had the CAG said?
A CAG report of 2012 said that arbitrary allocations during 2005-2009 had robbed the Centre of a potential revenue of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore.
 
How were the coal blocks allocated?
Coal fields were allocated by a screening committee.
 
When was the screening committee formed for the first time?
It was formed in 1992.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector  
Who were the members of the committee?
The coal secretary chairs the 13-member committee comprising representatives from state governments, ministries of environment, steel, and railway among others.
 
How were the coal blocks allotted?
Interested firms were ranked on the basis of different parameters such as land and environmental clearances.
 
Why didn't the government call for bids?
The previous UPA government maintained that state governments had opposed a process of bidding.
 
How different or similar is this to the 2G spectrum scam?
Many of the “coalgate” companies, it was alleged, may have used the allotted mines to raise money from the market at hefty valuations.
 
What about the auction policy?
Last year, the previous government had approved a policy to give coal-mining licences to private companies through competitive bidding.
Coal fields will be auctioned through a transparent competitive bidding.
Blocks put up for auction will come pre-approved with preliminary environmental clearance.
According to the policy, successful bidders will have to make production-linked and upfront payments.

Trinity Mirror admits phone hackingTrinity Mirror admits liability for phone hacking
By Henry Mance and Jane Croft in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17dc9a00-43ca-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Walgreen reportedly explores sale of $1.5 billion infusion business0
Walgreen is the largest U.S. provider of home-infusion services. The company solidified that position in 2010 when it swapped its long-term care pharmacy business for the home infusion business of Omnicare.
A deal for Walgreens Infusion Services would come after rival CVS Health  acquired Coram, the specialty infusion services and enteral nutrition business unit of Apria Healthcare Group for about $2.1 billion in January.
Walgreen has a history of working with private equity. In 2012, Walgreens acquired a 45 percent stake in European health and beauty group Alliance Boots for $6.7 billion, partnering with buyout firm KKR & Co and Alliance Boots Chairman Stefano Pessina, which were left owning the remainder.
Last month, Walgreen said it would buy the remaining 55 percent it does not already own of Alliance Boots for $5.3 billion in cash and 144.3 million shares for a total deal of about $15 billion.
 

American movies ignore women. The rest of the world isnt better.By Alyssa Rosenberg September 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Movies have long been a lucrative export for the United States, and for a long time they seemed like a great and entertaining way to export American values. But in recent years, a conversation has begun to bubble in Hollywood about whether or not the movie industry needs international audiences more than international audiences need Hollywood productions. As producer Lynda Obst put it in her recent book “Sleepless in Hollywood,” “International has come to be 70 percent of our total revenues in the New Abnormal. When I began in the Old Abnormal it was 20 percent.”
Actresses Melissa McCarthy, and from left, Danielle Brooks, and Lena Dunham arrive at the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on Monday, Aug. 25, 2014, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision for the Television Academy/AP Images)
With that kind of market share, what international audiences (and the governments that claim to represent them) want carries much heavier weight.
China, which has long restricted American movies’ access to its growing market, has suggested that filmmakers and studios who want to make money from Chinese audiences need to cast Chinese actors and portray the country in a positive way . One explanation for the decline of Hollywood comedies and the rise of superhero movies with virtually identical-looking action sequences is the perception that international audiences do not share American senses of humor  (or taste in American romantic comedies ), but that a nifty explosion requires no translation.
So when a new study from the Geena Davis Institute on Gender and Media , produced by the scholars at the Media, Diversity and Social Change Initiative at the University of Southern Califnornia Annenberg, rounded up the representation of women in movies from the world’s top-ten markets outside of the United States, I was curious. Are audiences in Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Russia, South Korea and the United Kingdom accustomed to see women on screen in numbers and in ways that might force the heavily-male American movie industry to cater to their preferences?
The answer seems mixed. The study’s authors looked at the movies that played in those countries’ theaters between the beginning of 2010 and May 1, 2013.
During that time, 29.3 percent of characters in American movies were female. Seven countries had a higher percentage of female characters in movies–Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, Korea, Russia, and the United Kingdom. But the numbers were not dramatically higher. The United Kingdom had the highest overall percentage of female characters at 37.9 percent, a figure that hardly suggests a yawning gap between what the U.S. provides and what international audiences are accustomed to at home.
Six countries have the same percentage or lower of female leads or co-leads as the United States. No country had more than 30 percent of movies achieve gender balance in casting — better than the United States’ zero in the survey, but not by much. And while plenty of countries do better than the U.S. in employing women behind the camera, the closest any of them are getting to parity are the U.K., where 58.8 percent of movie writers are women, and Brazil, where 47.2 percent of  producers are female.
When it comes to how women are portrayed, international norms do not seem likely to drive any big changes here, either. Four of the ten big markets actually have a higher percentage of female characters who are shown wearing “sexy” attire , as determined by the study’s authors, than is the case in the U.S. and five of the ten countries have a higher percentage of female characters who are shown at least partially nude than American movies do.
If the rising importance of the international market has helped doom romantic comedies, traditionally a staple source of female characters, and de-emphasized comedy at a moment when women like Melissa McCarthy are proving themselves breakout stars, it seems only fair that the influence of international audiences might give women something back. But if American movies set the norm for the rest of the world for decades, under-representation of women seems like an idea we have exported all too well.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

US raids kill top Qaeda operative in Syria:ActivistsPrint
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:01 pm
US strikes have killed a senior operative from al-Qaeda’s Syrian branch in the war-torn country’s northern province of Aleppo, activists said on Wednesday.
Abu Yusef al-Turki, a 47-year-old Turkish fighter, was among 50 militants killed in strikes on Tuesday against what the United States called an al-Qaeda cell that had been planning attacks on Western interests.
“Al-Nusra Front members are very sad today because of this death,” Ibrahim al-Idlibi, an activist in Idlib province in northwestern Syria informed.
Turki, a sniper, had arrived in Syria 18 months ago and fought regime troops in the central province of Hama and the coastal region of Latakia, as well as Idlib.
He had also trained Nusra’s elite snipers, he added.
Online, Nusra members and supporters expressed their condolences and anger about Turki’s death, using the hashtag “the martyr Abu Yusef al-Turki”.
“He was the sixth best sniper in the world, and he trained 400 other snipers,” a supporter named Abu Mussab al-Assir tweeted.
“He never killed civilians, his war was against the criminal regime,” wrote another, Abu Anas al-Hamadani.
“Why did America and their henchmen murder him?” he asked.
Turki’s death was even reported in Syria’s Al-Watan newspaper, close to the regime, which described him as “the most famous sniper in the world”.
The strikes yesterday hit an area on the border between Aleppo and Idlib provinces.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, said the military action had been taken “to disrupt the imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests”.

US raids kill top Qaeda operative in Syria: ActivistsPrint
Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:01 pm
US strikes have killed a senior operative from al-Qaeda’s Syrian branch in the war-torn country’s northern province of Aleppo, activists said on Wednesday.
Abu Yusef al-Turki, a 47-year-old Turkish fighter, was among 50 militants killed in strikes on Tuesday against what the United States called an al-Qaeda cell that had been planning attacks on Western interests.
“Al-Nusra Front members are very sad today because of this death,” Ibrahim al-Idlibi, an activist in Idlib province in northwestern Syria informed.
Turki, a sniper, had arrived in Syria 18 months ago and fought regime troops in the central province of Hama and the coastal region of Latakia, as well as Idlib.
He had also trained Nusra’s elite snipers, he added.
Online, Nusra members and supporters expressed their condolences and anger about Turki’s death, using the hashtag “the martyr Abu Yusef al-Turki”.
“He was the sixth best sniper in the world, and he trained 400 other snipers,” a supporter named Abu Mussab al-Assir tweeted.
“He never killed civilians, his war was against the criminal regime,” wrote another, Abu Anas al-Hamadani.
“Why did America and their henchmen murder him?” he asked.
Turki’s death was even reported in Syria’s Al-Watan newspaper, close to the regime, which described him as “the most famous sniper in the world”.
The strikes yesterday hit an area on the border between Aleppo and Idlib provinces.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, said the military action had been taken “to disrupt the imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests”.

HSBC  StanChart vie for managing PFC  REC stake saleSep 24, 2014, 07.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
HSBC, StanChart vie for managing PFC, REC stake sale
As many as 12 merchant bankers have bid for managing the stake sale of Rural Electrification Corp (REC) and 10 bankers for that of Power Finance Corp (PFC), the Department of Disinvestment (DoD) said
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HSBC, StanChart vie for managing PFC, REC stake sale
As many as 12 merchant bankers have bid for managing the stake sale of Rural Electrification Corp (REC) and 10 bankers for that of Power Finance Corp (PFC), the Department of Disinvestment (DoD) said
Post your opinion here
 
About a dozen merchant bankers, including the likes of JM Financial, HSBC, StanChart, have queued up to manage the 5 percent stake sale of  PFC and REC , which could together fetch over Rs 2,700 crore to the exchequer.
As many as 12 merchant bankers have bid for managing the stake sale of Rural Electrification Corp (REC) and 10 bankers for that of Power Finance Corp (PFC), the Department of Disinvestment (DoD) said.
The bankers would be making presentations before the DoD on September 26. The government would sell stake in these two companies through the Offer for Sale (OFS) route. The government holds 72.80 percent stake in PFC and 65.64 percent in REC.
The government is also considering to allot shares to PFC and REC employees at a 5 per cent discount to the issue price up to a maximum of 10 per cent of the OFS size. The employees will be eligible to apply for shares up to Rs two lakh only.
At the current market price of around Rs 236 apiece, a sale of 5 per cent stake or 6.6 crore PFC shares would fetch the exchequer over Rs 1,500 crore. Besides, sale of 5 percent stake or 4.94 crore REC  shares could fetch over Rs 1,200 crore to the exchequer.
The combined revenue to the exchequer from PFC and REC stake sale could be over Rs 2,500 crore. The government estimates to collect Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment in PSUs. It has already initiated process for stake sale in RINL, ONGC ,  NHPC and SAIL .
Power Finance stock price
On November 21, 2014, Power Finance Corporation closed at Rs 295.60, up Rs 2.55, or 0.87 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 344.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 129.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 43.96 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.72. The latest book value of the company is Rs 207.38 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.43.
RELATED NEWS

European stocks steady to lower  Ifo report ahead; Dax down 0.29%European stocks steady to lower  Ifo report ahead; Dax down 0.29%
Srinagar limps back to life  focus shifts on state govtsfailureThe Omar Abdullah's government failed to predict the extent of floods. (Source: PTI/file)
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:21 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 7:37 pm
As Srinagar is limping back to life after the floods drowned half of the city, the focus is shifting back to the state administration that went missing with the rising waters. A post mortem of the floods and the aftermath puts blame on the state machinery. Here are some major failures.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah: As head of the state, Omar is answerable to the people of Kashmir for failing to pre-empt. The government failed to predict the extent of floods and he and his administration also failed to take any preventive measures. After the floods, Omar and his administration was missing for more than 15 days. The government hadn’t even procured any boat. “For six days, they (government) had seen the devastation caused by these floods in south Kashmir,” said Umar Firdous, a resident of Bemina. “Were they sleeping?”
Chief Engineer Irrigation and Flood Control Javed Jaffer: Many people in valley ask why the Chief Engineer has not been sacked. Even till Sunday afternoon, the engineer maintained that the flood waters in Srinagar are receding but it only continued to increase by several feet for another 12 hours. There was no prior warning to the people about the extent of floods. In fact, the Facebook page of Irrigation and Flood Control put a status on Sunday morning saying that water level at Srinagar has receded by three inch. “By now, he should have been terminated for failing to predict and warn the people,” says Adil Ahmad of Jawahar Nagar. “Nobody warned us”.
Deputy Commissioner Srinagar Farooq Shah: When the water started to inundate the Srinagar city, the Deputy Commissioner went missing from the scene. There was no coordination between the different quarters of the government and as there was communication breakdown, the deputy commissioner and his office was off the scene. “We have been told that he (deputy commissioner Farooq Shah) was himself staying at Lalit palace when the people needed him,” says Mudasir Ahmad, a resident of Nishat.
Inspector General of Police A G Mir: For many years police had been the only face of the state in difficult times. But on September 7 when the flood waters started to inundate the city, police went missing. For more than a week no man in uniform was seen at any place in Srinagar.
Cellular Companies: Barring Aircel that worked in several parts of the valley, there was complete communication breakdown in the valley. “When Uttrakhand was hit by massive flash floods, the communication was restored within 48 hours,” says Younis Ahmad, a businessman from Lalchowk. “But here, it has been more than a fortnight and they are yet to start restoration”.

Mumbai slips to 10th position in terms of re...Mumbai slips to 10th position in terms of rentals, says report
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 07.46PM IST
Tags:
knight frank
(The 15 cities surveyed are…)
MUMBAI: The realty sector slowdown and lack of business confidence have brought Mumbai down to the 10th position this year, among the top 15 global cities, in terms of office rentals, a recent Knight Frank survey report released today said.
The 15 cities surveyed are San Francisco , Madrid , New York, Singapore , Sydney , Washington, London, Mumbai, Tokyo, Mexico City, Paris, Hong Kong, Houston and Frankfurt.
According to the Knight Frank survey report, Mumbai which ranked sixth among global cities in 2007, slipped to the 10th position in 2014 mainly due to delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence.
"Delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence took a toll on the Indian office market. This had led to Mumbai slipping from the sixth to the 10th rank in terms of rental ranking of global cities between 2007-14.
"While rental decline has been the primary reason, a depreciating rupee added fuel to the fire," Knight Frank Chief Economist and Director of Research Samantak Das said in the report.
Among the top 15 global cities, office rentals in Mumbai are lowest at Rs 250 per square feet per month, compared to London and New York which stand at Rs 900 square feel and Rs 360 per square feet respectively, the report said.
However, the report claimed that going forward, the city's office rentals are expected to grow by nearly 15 per cent over the next five years due to "improved sentiment," the report said.
According to the report, current vacancy levels within the Mumbai office market lies at 23 per cent, which is the highest, as compared to the top 15 global cities.
However, rental yields within the city's office market, is the highest, at 10.3 per cent, as compared to cities like Sydney, Washington and Shanghai, which offer rental yields of 6.3 per cent, 6.2 per cent and 6 per cent respectively, it said.
"Technology and infotech sectors have been key drivers of the take-up of office space in Asia. Financial services and banking, the sectors which led the pre-global financial crisis boom, continue to be more cost conscious. While there is still demand from these sectors, there has been less front or prime office demand," Knight Frank Asia Pacific Head of Research Nicholas Holt said in the report.
However, in the coming years, financial services and banking occupiers to return to drive sizeable segments of demand, he said in the survey report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal blocks cancellation: JSPL  Hindalco to ...Aditya Birla Group
(Balco was given a block in…)
NEW DELHI: Almost all major metal and mining firms would be affected by the Supreme Court ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks, but Naveen Jindal's JSPL and Aditya Birla Group's Hindalco would be among the worst hit, analysts said.
Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) was allocated six blocks for its sponge iron plants and 1,000 MW power plant. Its entire 12 million tonne coal production come from mines allocated since 1993.
The de-allocation would further delay the process of securing mining rights for its much awaited Utkal B-1 mine, critical for its Angul steel-cum-power project, a brokerage firm said.
A JSPL company official declined to comment immediately. Hindalco was allocated Talabira-I block in Odisha in 1994, Talabira-II in 2005 in a JV with Coal India/Neyveli Lignite and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh in 2006.
Hindalco's Talabira-I mine supplies 2.5 mtpa coal to meet around one-third of its coal requirement. The de-allocation of block would also put a question mark on its greenfield 3.59 lakh tonnes per annum smelter at Mahan which were allocated captive mine in JV with Essar power.
A Hindalco company official declined to comment on the development.
Balco was given a block in 2007 and Sterlite Energy was jointly allocated coal blocks in Rampia and Dip Side Rampia in Orissa in 2008. Hindustan Zinc's Madanpur coal block in Chhattisgarh also satres at being cancelled in 2006.
State-owned aluminium maker Nalco will also be affected as its Utkal-E block in Odisha, allocated in 2004, also faces de-allocation.
Tata Steel's Kotre-Basantpur and Pachmo mines (Jharkhand) were allotted in 2005, but not in operation now and hence, it would not have any immediate impact.
SAIL has been spared of de-allocation of its Tasra coal (Jharia) mine, allotted in 1996 but and Sitanala (Jharia), allocated in 2007, has been de-allocated.
JSW Steel's has a 49 per cent stake in Rohne Coal Company and 69 per cent off-take agreement. The mine was allocated to the company in 2008.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Edward Snowden honored with  alternative NobelEdward Snowden honored with 'alternative Nobel'
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 07.16PM IST
0
Share More
The award foundation on Wednesday said the former National Security Agency contractor splits the honorary portion of the prize with Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM: Former US spy agency contractor Edward Snowden has been awarded Sweden's Right Livelihood Honorary Award, often referred to as the 'Alternative Nobel Prize', for his work on press freedom, the award's foundation said on Wednesday.
Snowden is wanted by the United States for leaking extensive secrets of its electronic surveillance programmes and lives in Russia where he has a three-year residence permit.
The Right Livelihood Award Foundation said Snowden was given the prize "for his courage and skill in revealing the unprecedented extent of state surveillance violating basic democratic processes and constitutional rights."
He shares the award with Alan Rusbridger, editor-in-chief of the British newspaper The Guardian, with whom he collaborated to publish his revelations on the US National Security Agency (NSA), the foundation said in a statement.
It also said it would fund legal support for Snowden.
Snowden, who fled to Hong Kong and then Moscow last year, is believed to have taken 1.7 million computerised documents. Those published so far revealed massive programmes run by the NSA that gathered information on emails, phone calls and Internet use by hundreds of millions of Americans.
Snowden was charged last year in the United States with theft of government property, unauthorised communication of national defence information and wilful communication of classified intelligence to an unauthorised person.
The Right Livelihood Award was established in 1980 to honour and support those "offering practical and exemplary answers to the most urgent challenges facing us today".

Panel not aware of co s misrepresentation: CBIYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Screening Committee not aware about misrepresentation by firm: CBI
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 06.55PM IST
Tags:
Screening Committee
(The court, after hearing…)
NEW DELHI: The CBI today told a special court that the 36th screening committee, which had recommended coal block allocation to Madhya Pradesh-based company, was not aware that the firm had allegedly misrepresented facts for acquiring the block.
CBI, which has filed a closure report in the court in the FIR lodged against Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd and others, told Special Judge Bharat Parashar that during probe it was detected that the firm had misrepresented facts and disclosed its wrong net worth before the screening committee, set up for recommending allocation of coal blocks.
"In 2005 and 2006, advertisements were floated by the Ministry of Coal for inviting applications for coal block allocation. During the investigation, it was revealed that there was misrepresentation of facts. At that time, screening committee was not aware of it. Screening committee considered and allocated the block to Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd," senior public prosecutor V K Sharma told the court.
During the arguments on the issue of consideration of closure report filed by the agency, the prosecutor further said, "The firm was also accused of mentioning wrong net worth before the committee and it had inflated its net worth."
After the probe, CBI has filed a closure report saying they have not found sufficient evidence against the firm, which was allocated coal block in Madhya Pradesh, and its directors to proceed with the case.
During the day, the court heard part arguments on the closure report filed by CBI in the case in which Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Ltd, its directors, Pavan Ahluwalia, Kamaljeet Ahluwalia, Prashant Ahluwalia, senior official Amit Goyal and some unknown government servants were named as accused for allegedly misrepresenting facts,including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks.
The court, after hearing part arguments, fixed the matter for further consideration on the closure report on October 13.
During the hearing, the CBI's investigating officer (IO) filed a fresh set of documents and replaced illegible and blank documents with the legible ones.
The agency's move came after the court had earlier pulled it up for not filing documents in sequence and in a legible condition.
The court had earlier raised questions over CBI filing closure report against the firm's chartered accountant Amit Goyal as he was the one who had appeared before the screening committee, which dealt with its application seeking allocation of coal blocks, on behalf of the company.
It had asked CBI to clarify as to what evidence "it could not collect" during the probe to substantiate its findings recorded in the FIR in the case.
The agency in its closure report has said that the acts of Coal Ministry officials in not checking the applications with regard to their eligibility and completeness were not found to be pursuant to "criminal conspiracy".
CBI had earlier claimed that officials of the firm had furnished unaudited balance sheet and had allegedly inflated its capacity to produce sponge iron by 25 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suzuki aims to sell one lakh units of Gixxer...Suzuki aims to sell one lakh units of Gixxer this fiscal
By PTI | 24 Sep, 2014, 06.18PM IST
In Kerala, Suzuki hopes to sell 10,000 units this financial year, Atul Gupta, Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) told .
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOCHI: Suzuki Motorcycle India aims to sell one lakh units of its newly launched Gixxer bikes in the country this fiscal.
In Kerala, Suzuki hopes to sell 10,000 units this financial year, Atul Gupta, Executive Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) told reporters here.
"We have already got bookings for 200 bikes in Kerala and will be delivering 500 bikes by the end of this month," he said.
Across the country, till yesterday, there were bookings for 3,000 new bikes and 2,000 have already been delivered, he said, adding that there is a huge demand for these bikes in Maharashtra, Delhi , Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
Suzuki is keen on providing youth-centric products for the Indian customers at competitive prices.
Gixxer bikes are available in five colours at a price of Rs 74,552 (ex-showroom Kochi).
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

On a different pitchUpdated: September 24, 2014 19:48 IST
On a different pitch
Tamil cinema
His tinseltown connection started with the Dhanush-Shruti starrer 3, in which he played the heroine’s dad. And 2014 has been really big for character artist Jeeva Ravi, who has a number of movies up his sleeve.
He’s waiting for Jeeva to hit screens this week. That’s because he plays a cricket coach in this Vishnu-starrer which is a sports-based flick. Interestingly, Ravi is a cricketer in real life too. After representing the state in the under-19 category, he has also been part of other cricket camps. “Playing a coach was interesting,” he says, adding, “The fact that most of the actors in the film (Vishnu and Lakshman, among others) have also played cricket at a professional level helped.”
With the director’s earlier film Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu (VKK) showcasing a coach (played by Kishore), how different will this one be? “The character of the coach in Jeeva is very different. He plays an important role in motivating the boys to take up the game seriously. I’m very thankful to Suseenthiran sir for having cast me in this crucial role.”
Interestingly, Soori, the comedian, who shot to fame thanks to the parotta scene in VKK, also plays a cricketer in this movie. And it was Ravi who was entrusted the job of making him learn the game. “That was an interesting experience,” he smiles, “But Soori did pick up the nuances of the game in three days and that shows on screen.”
While Ravi plays a collector in Vijay’s Kaththi, he will don the role of a collector in Taana. He also has important roles in Magizh Thirumeni’s Meaghamann and director Vijay’s next film with Vikram Prabhu.

Subrata Roy Sahara Group s The Plaza 2nd most popular hotel for uber-rich in the world: SurveyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Song of the subcontinentUpdated: September 24, 2014 20:24 IST
Song of the subcontinent
The Hindu ON SONG Sharif Awan,founder, Tehzeeb Foundation of Pakistan, in New Delhi. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
classical music
Sharif Awan brings musicians of India and Pakistan to a common platform
“I believe when musicians sit down, start strumming the tanpura and tuning their instruments, they are creating a world that is separate (from the mundane). And if they succeed in creating that distinct world that day, then only music can be said to be created.”
It’s not often you hear someone not an artist speak with such sensitivity about music — as well as reflect an understanding of the delicacy of atmosphere required for practising classical music. But Muhammad Sharif Awan, a Commissioner of Inland Revenue in Pakistan and a regular organiser of classical concerts, is tuned in more ways than one to the music of the subcontinent.
The world is well aware of the highly popular Pakistani ghazal singers who won world fame — Farida Khanum, Ghulam Ali, late Mehdi Hassan, to name a few — but Awan feels it is easier to excel in Ghazal than in classical music (Khayal and Dhrupad). “But those who stayed with classical — they are unsung,” he says.
The regime of Zia-ul-Haq was a great setback for the arts in Pakistan, he notes. Under its influence, people began to doubt whether music and other arts were a part of their culture at all. Despite these and other political ups and downs, practitioners of classical music in Pakistan have stuck to their traditions. “Art continues,” he says, “because the artist has a fighting spirit.”
Currently spearheading the Tehzeeb Foundation of Pakistan, Awan says, “Over the past 67 years (since independence of India and Pakistan) I feel there has been a bouncing back (of classical music), and I am happy to be a part of that revival.” In 2012 the Foundation produced a unique set of 12 CDs featuring Indian and Pakistani classical musicians — Indus Raag: Music Beyond Borders — and the set has just been released as a Collector’s Edition.
With politicians and others posturing aggressively, it does seem unlikely the gulf between India and Pakistan will ever be officially bridged. But artists don’t always depend on official routes. Awan organises collaborative concerts by Pakistani and Indian stalwarts. Some of these are included in Indus Raag.
The very first CD, titled “Historic Jugalbandi”, features vocal by Ustad Fateh Ali Khan with Mohan veena by Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt. Rendering khayals in Yaman and Bhairav and a thumri in Mishra Khamaj, they set a mood of abiding sweetness. Another jugalbandi (duet) featured is between Pakistani sitar exponent Sajid Hussain and India’s Kamal Sabri on the sarangi. Then there is the sarangi ensemble, recorded in 2012, that features Kamal with six sarangi players from Pakistan.
Awan, who learnt music from Ustad Naseeruddin Sami — “I need to know what’s good to be promoted” — and whose family tradition, he says, includes learning music, has founded “more than one organisation” to promote the art. The tendency among people is to be restrictive, he remarks. “I find those who listen to Ghazal, they don’t listen to Thumri…” Or, “If I know Kamal then no other sarangia will come to me.” This approach, he feels, “was the maharajas’ mentality.”
But the people responsible for not allowing the art to die despite adverse circumstances were the artists themselves, and “we need a rediscovery of art and culture,” states the man who books halls for his concerts three days in a row to allow for sudden cancellations due to the volatile situation in the country.
“We are living in the right time, when technology is very fast and there are good archival means,” he says. “When Bhimsenji (Joshi) and (Pandit) Jasrajji were young, the recording quality was not so good.”
Now, with recording quality excellent, many musicians of yore are either old or deceased. “That’s why it’s the right time today for musicians.”
Awan was in New Delhi during the recent Lifestyle Pakistan event, having persuaded organisers of the importance of music in lifestyle. But greater than any interest in selling the CDs was his empathy with the people he met there. Most of the visitors to the fair were more interested in knowing where he came from, whether he knew of places their own forefathers had come from in Partition, rather than what was on sale at the stalls. No one has bothered to investigate the suffering of the ordinary people throughout the subcontinent, he points out, adding, “When I go back, I’ll have to tell this side of the story (what he saw in India).”
Meanwhile, coming up in November is the India International Trade Fair, when he hopes to be back in New Delhi. Also in November, the Dhrupad duo of the Gundecha Brothers will be invited to Pakistan to receive the Tehzeeb Foundation Awards, which are given to both classical and folk musicians. Performing with them will be Aliya Rasheed and Amita Mahapatra — the two talented disciples of the Gundechas who sing as a team and have earned the epithet “Indo-Pak Sisters”.
Kamal, accompanying Awan on his errands round the Capital, regrets he cannot show off the modern sights of Gurgaon to his friend, whose visa is restricted to Delhi. Alas, borders are not always so easily crossed. Except of course, when music takes wing.

Jaiprakash Says Hydropower Deal with Reliance CollapsesYou are here: Home Corporates
Jaiprakash Says Hydropower Deal with Reliance Power Collapses
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 20:48 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd's deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed, underlining the struggle indebted Indian generators face trying to sell assets.
Jaiprakash said in a statement on Wednesday that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) had fallen apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Like many Indian power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash, and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
Lanco Infratech and GVK Power & Infrastructure are among other firms trying to sell assets.
Closing deals has proven tough, with disagreements over valuations, and uncertainty over the price regulators will allow generators to charge for electricity, scuppering talks.
Reliance's bid for Jaiprakash's business followed the collapse earlier in July of a plan by Jaiprakash to sell two of the three plants for $1.6 billion to an Abu Dhabi-led consortium.
Shares in Jaiprakash Power, which have fallen about 30 per cent this year, closed down 5.54 per cent on Wednesday before the news that the talks with Reliance had ended. Shares in its parent company finished the day down 7.95 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

JPVL calls off talks with Rel Power for 2 hydro asset saleSep 24, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Post your opinion here
 
Jaiprakash Power Ventures  Ltd will not be hiiving off its two hydel projects into separate wholly-owned subsidiaries.  JPVL had earlier planned to hive off Karcham Wangtoo and Baspa II into separate subsidiaries.
The company is part of diversified Jaypee group. "The draft Scheme of Arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries... has been dropped," JPVL said in a regulatory filing today.
For the scheme of arrangement, the company had received approval of the exchanges on June 13. The 300 MW Baspa II and 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo projects are among those that are proposed to be sold by Jaypee group to  Reliance Power in a Rs 12,000-crore deal.
Both projects are located in Himachal Pradesh. Shares of the company declined nearly six per cent to close at Rs 13.65 on the BSE.
Jaiprakash Pow stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jaiprakash Power Ventures closed at Rs 13.90, down Rs 0.21, or 1.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 26.63 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 92.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.54 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.65.
RELATED NEWS

President Obama Addresses the UN General AssemblySPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Housing stocks trim losses after home sales dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

SC quashes 204 coal blocks allocation; fines cos Rs 295/tnSC quashes 204 coal blocks allocation; fines cos Rs 295/tn
Indian eves shock Hong Kong in Asiad squashIndian eves shock Hong Kong in Asiad squash
India s Mission to Mars sweeps social media platformsIndia s Mission to Mars sweeps social media platforms
Family of youth killed by tiger wants justiceFamily of youth killed by tiger wants justice
US President Barack Obama likely to seek PM Narendra Modi s support against ISISUS President Barack Obama likely to seek PM Narendra Modi s support against ISIS
Wall St inches up at open; housing data dueWall St inches up at open; housing data due
Tax increased on luxury cars and buildings in KeralaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mumbai least expensive city in the world to live in: UK reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold  crude oil prices to trade lower in coming fortnightGold, crude oil prices to trade lower in coming fortnight
Naveen Mathur        Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 18:55 IST
Gold, crude oil prices to trade lower in coming fortnight
Naveen Mathur
 
Non-agri Commodities
Global markets traded on a positive note in the last fortnight on the back of the statement from the US Federal Reserve in terms of keeping interest rates for considerable amount of time. Further, Scotland voted for no independent country from the UK, along with China declaring additional stimulus of 500 billion Yuan continued with an upside in the markets. However, sharp upside in the markets was capped due to slow industrial production in the Chinese economy.
On the domestic front, markets traded higher as a result of optimistic retail and wholesale inflation data from the country. Further, inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets totalling $33.15 billion in the current year acted as a positive factor. The rupee depreciated around 0.55 per cent in the same period owing to trade deficit data widening for the month of August. Further, slow industrial production from the country coupled with strength in the DX continued with downside movement in the currency.  
In the non-agri commodities space, spot gold prices traded lower in the last fortnight on the strength in the dollar index coupled with easing of geopolitical tensions. Precious metal hovered around eight-and-a-half-month low as investors worried that the Fed Reserve may start hinting at plans to raise US interest rates sooner than expected. As per market expectations, the Fed Reserve signalled that a faster hike in US interest rates might be on the horizon. Further gains in gold were limited after the Labor Department said earlier US consumer prices fell for the first time in nearly one-and-a-half years in August and underlying inflation pressures were muted. Bullion prices were pressured further after data showed US jobless claims fell more than expected, suggesting a firming labour market, a trend seen as supportive of economic growth.
Spot silver prices also traded lower in line with weakness in gold prices and declined by around three per cent. Weakness in the base metals pack coupled with declining speculative interest in the metal dragged prices. On the MCX, silver prices fell by one per cent in the last fortnight.
During the last fortnight, LME Copper prices traded lower by around two per cent owing to demand concerns amid signs that housing markets are faltering in China and the US, the two biggest users. In addition, China's factories stumbled to the weakest in nearly six years, fuelling concerns over its metals demand. Also, dollar strength after the Fed Reserve raised interest rate estimates to 1.375 per cent, compared with 1.125 per cent in June for end 2015 added to downside. However, liquidity easing measures by China by way of repo rate cut and addition of 500 billion yuan to five biggest banks restricted sharp fall. MCX copper prices fell by two per cent in the last 15 days.
 
Crude oil prices traded lower in the last fortnight owing to slowing global economic growth, particularly in China, and Europe had curbed oil demand severely at a time when supplies were growing steadily, particularly from North America. The OPEC also lowered projected demand for its crude and data showed US refined product stocks jumped. With fast-rising US output and the return of exports from Libya creating a market that looks increasingly over-supplied. On the other hand, violence in the Middle East has failed to materialise, and production resumed at Britain's North Sea Buzzard oilfield after a series of shutdowns and failed restarts.  Overall, WTI oil prices gained marginally by around one per cent and MCX crude oil traded flat with marginal change in prices
Outlook
In the coming fortnight we expect gold prices to trade lower. Gold prices looks vulnerable to a further fall as the US dollar index climbed to its strongest level in more than four years and as US equities trading at fresh record highs. Besides, the ease of geopolitical tensions, growth in the US economy, spate of good economic indicators from the US are all pointing towards correction in precious metal prices.
Crude oil prices will trade lower on ample supplies in the US and OPEC. On the contrary, growth in the US economy is gaining traction acting as a positive factor for prices.
Base metals are likely to trade lower as strong DX following comments by Fed Reserve along with concerns of demand from China will act as a negative factor. However, liquidity easing measures by China will restrict sharp losses.
Agri Commodities
After trading on a bearish note over the last few weeks, some agri commodities witnessed short coverings at lower levels last fortnight. However, most agri commodities continued to remain weak.
As per the data from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the cumulative rainfall for the season till September 18 was 12 per cent below normal at 731.1 mm compared to a normal of 829.2 mm. According to First Advance Estimates released by the Ministry of Agriculture on September 19, kharif food grains is estimated at 120.27 million tonnes compared to 129.24 million tonnes, down 8.97 million tonnes.
Water levels in the 85 major reservoirs are below last year's levels but higher than 10 years average. As per the latest data available from the Central Water Commission, the levels in the reservoirs were reported at 119.785 billion cubic metres as against a full capacity of 155.046 billion cubic metres.   
The edible oilseed complex bounced back over the last fortnight on short coverings and lower level buying. Soy oil and CPO gained 5.7 per cent and 4.9 per cent, respectively, tailing a similar trend in the overseas markets coupled with stockists buying ahead of the peak festive season in India. Mustard seed also gained 1.1 per cent on mustard meal export demand. However, weak soybeans capped sharp gains. Soybean prices remained weak tracking bearish overseas market sentiments as well as good crop conditions and favourable climatic conditions and settled 1.4 per cent lower. However, short coverings were seen earlier this week. Weakness in the rupee also lent support to the prices.
Among spices, turmeric retained the tag of the biggest loser with 9.8 per cent losses on sluggish physical demand, huge carryover stocks and increased sowing in Telangana. Jeera declined three per cent on huge carryover stocks and weak than expected overseas demand. Coriander declined 2.5 per cent on weak demand and weak exports.
Among softs, sugar prices continued to remain weak losing 6.1 per cent on abundant supplies and lack of demand. Selling pressure from the mills and bearish overseas markets also pressurised prices. Cotton traded on a mixed to negative note. Prices recovered from lower levels on short coverings. However, prices were unable to sustain at higher levels and resumed its southward journey on weak global market sentiments after China's new policy announcement. Higher sowing and expectations of a bumper output also pressurised prices and settled 1.7 per cent lower. Sentiments in the global cotton markets continue to remain bearish on demand concern from China.  
Chana futures found support at lower levels on value buying and festive demand. However, comfortable supplies on the back of record output capped sharp gains and settled 1.5 per cent higher.
Outlook
We expect most of the agri commodities to largely remain weak as the harvest season is around the corner. Good rains, reducing sowing deficit and favourable climatic conditions are also expected to pressurise prices. Good rains have set ground for sowing of the rabi crops. Spillover from bearishness in the global agri commodities markets may also be seen. However, festive demand is expected to emerge at lower levels and lend support to the falling prices. Prices are also likely to take cues from movement in the overseas agri commodity prices as well as the rupee.
The IMD expects the withdrawal of monsoon over the next couple of days which will be favourable for the ready to be harvested crops like cotton and paddy. Extended rains may lead to crop damage. Also, delayed or unseasonal rains may damage the standing crop.  

The top ten stocks for Tuesday  Sept. 23The top ten stocks for Tuesday, Sept. 23
The top ten stocks for Tuesday, Sept. 23
Bloomberg's Olivia Sterns, Scarlet Fu and Julie Hyman report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."
Bloomberg's Olivia Sterns, Scarlet Fu and Julie Hyman report on today's ten most important stocks on "In The Loop."

Greed  Is the First Word That Comes To Mind When Americans Think About Corporationsreddit
For most Americans, apparently, the first word that comes to mind when they hear the word “corporation" is "greed."
The word cloud below is part of a new study called the Corporate Perception Indicator , released Monday by CNBC and public relations firm Burson-Marsteller. The survey of 25,000 people around the world -- including 1,000 in the U.S. -- and 1,800 senior corporate executives found that corporate perception is, well, not that good.
American responses to the question, “what is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of corporations?”
To develop the word cloud, researchers asked participants, “What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of corporations?” If you zoom in more closely, it becomes clear that the only positive or neutral words respondents in the U.S. can think of are “jobs,” “big,” “large,” “GM,” “Walmart,” "okay" and “profit.” Otherwise it’s largely a sea of negativity.
If you look closely you can see some neutral opinions on corporations.
There are a couple of reasons why it’s not too surprising Americans see corporations as greedy. For one, groups like Occupy Wall Street and the fast-food worker movement have targeted companies as a major source of our yawning income gap .
Another reason: Corporations have been kind of greedy over the past few decades . During that time, we’ve seen economic productivity soar, but most of the benefits have gone to CEOs, shareholders and corporate coffers instead of ordinary workers.
As seen in the chart below from the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank focused on labor issues, that wasn’t always the case.
More:

America Has More Low-Paying Jobs Than Any Other Developed Countryreddit
America may be exceptional in many ways, but it also tops the charts of a new, troubling ranking.
The U.S. has more low-paying jobs than any other country in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, an economic group of 34 developed countries, according to a research note released by Morgan Stanley on Monday.
Economists Ellen Zentner and Paula Campbell based their analysis on the OECD Economic Outlook Report , which documents employment and labor trends in each member nation.
The OECD defines "low-paying" as jobs that earn less than two-thirds of a country's median income. On average, around 16 percent of jobs in OECD countries are considered low-paying. In the U.S., over 25 percent of all jobs qualify as such.
See the chart below, from Morgan Stanley:
The ranking reflects America's problem with income equality. Even though the U.S. has one of the highest household median incomes in the world (about $44,000 compared to roughly $10,000 worldwide), there's a wide gulf between those making much more than the median income and those making much less.
According to the Morgan Stanley economists, income inequality is stifling U.S. economic growth because low-income Americans aren't able to spend enough to boost the greater economy. Wages will need to rise so that households can buy more things.
"Stronger growth in wages and salaries is essential," wrote Zentner and Campbell. "It would help households spend more broadly across the income spectrum."
The OECD recommends that all its members have a "sensible" minimum wage, increase progressive taxation and "scale up" in-work benefits to address income inequality.
More:

Stricter tax inversion rules punish stocks of firms mulling such movesStricter tax inversion rules punish stocks of firms mulling such moves
Burger King buys Tim Hortons
Daniel Acker, Bloomberg
Burger King, based in Miami, drew the ire of many consumers and lawmakers when it announced last month that it would acquire Tim Hortons and reincorporate in lower-tax Canada.
Burger King, based in Miami, drew the ire of many consumers and lawmakers when it announced last month that it would acquire Tim Hortons and reincorporate in lower-tax Canada. (Daniel Acker, Bloomberg)
Laws and Legislation Business U.S. Congress Economy Barack Obama
The Obama administration's tougher rules on offshore corporate inversions had an immediate effect Tuesday, pushing down the stock prices of companies considering such moves.
But the highly technical changes to the tax code did not appear to go far enough to derail the controversial deals, in which U.S. companies avoid higher tax rates by buying smaller foreign firms and moving their headquarters abroad.
The measures unveiled Monday by the Treasury Department would make it less profitable for American companies to reincorporate overseas, largely by limiting the ability to shelter foreign earnings from U.S. taxes, analysts said. Still, there probably are enough potential tax savings remaining to pursue those moves.
You might have heard the word “inversion” recently. Deerfield-based Walgreen considered it, but decided against it. North Chicago-based AbbVie is planning one. Even President Barack Obama has weighed in on the practice. Here's a primer on what they're talking about: ( Becky Yerak and Ellen Jean Hirst )
"It changes the economics of the deals, but it does not seem to rise to the level of where you have made them un-economical," said Edward Mills, a policy analyst with FBR Capital Markets.
Burger King Worldwide Inc. and Canadian coffee-and-doughnut chain Tim Hortons said Tuesday that they would go ahead with their planned deal, the highest-profile inversion so far.
Miami-based Burger King drew the ire of many consumers and lawmakers when it announced last month that it would acquire Tim Hortons and reincorporate in lower-tax Canada. Burger King is trying to boost its breakfast offerings, a fast-growing segment of the restaurant industry.
8
"As we've said previously, this deal has always been driven by long-term growth and not by tax benefits," the companies said in a joint statement.
Meanwhile, medical device maker Medtronic Inc., which announced in June that it would acquire European rival Covidien and reincorporate in low-tax Ireland, said Tuesday that it was studying the new rules. The deal has a provision allowing either company to back out if tax laws change.
Shares in those companies and other potential inversion candidates were down Tuesday.
The declines were part of a broader market slide after U.S. airstrikes in Syria and poor economic news from Europe. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 116.81 points, or about 0.7%, to 17,055.87. The S&P 500 index lost 11.52 points, or 0.6%, to 1,982.77, and the Nasdaq composite index was off 19 points, or about 0.4%, to 4508.69.
Burger King shares dropped about 2.7%, Medtronic was off 2.9% and Covidien fell about 2.5%. Tim Hortons was down only slightly.
Shares in British pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca were down about 5%. It has been rumored to be an acquisition target of New York-based Pfizer Inc., which could reduce its taxes after a deal by reincorporating in Britain. Pfizer was off about 0.4%.
"There are still benefits to be had from inverting," said Ryan Dudley, an international tax expert at accounting and advising firm Friedman. "It's just a question of whether they now outweigh the costs."
The calculation will change for each potential transaction, he said.
@Braden227 They will still pay tax on US operations, like subsidiaries of foreign companies do. They just won't be taxed on some of their worldwide income nor see additional taxes for repatriating money to the US, which US-HQ'ed companies face.
garydpdx
12
The 35% corporate tax rate in the U.S. is the highest of any major developed economy, and businesses say that's what's driving the recent wave of inversions.
"Rather than piecemeal, onerous actions, the administration should undertake comprehensive tax reform that lowers rates for all businesses and shifts to an internationally competitive system that welcomes investment and produces the economic growth this country needs," the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said.
Democrats and Republicans agree that a broad overhaul of corporate taxes, including eliminating some loopholes and lowering the overall rate, would be the best solution. But they can't agree on how to do it.
As more companies seek to reincorporate abroad, President Obama and many congressional Democrats have pushed for legislation narrowly focused on limiting inversions. Key Republicans, however, prefer dealing with the issue through broader tax reform, but legislation has stalled.
With Congress recessed until after the November elections, Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew said Monday that he was enacting regulatory changes, effective immediately, to make inversions less economically appealing.
Although the moves will curb some inversions, he conceded that legislation is "the only way to close the door on these transactions entirely."
Corporate tax experts agreed the regulatory changes fell short of what Congress could do — and even what Treasury could do on its own.
Lew did not restrict so-called earnings stripping, in which a foreign-headquartered company reduces its taxes through loans to its U.S. subsidiary. The interest on the loans is deductible on the subsidiary's U.S. taxes.
The tactic provides one of the biggest financial benefits of inversion. But short of legislation, Treasury can't fully limit the practice, analysts said.
As part of the new regulations, Treasury asked for public comments about how to address earnings stripping.
Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, said Treasury was taking a sensible approach in moving slowly.
"One step at a time, start small … see if inversions continue to take place, see how Congress reacts and see what more needs to be done," he said.
"The question is whether Treasury is still leaving enough tax benefits on the table for U.S. companies to invert," Rosenthal said. "It's really hard to say."

Activists demand FDA commissioners ouster over opioid epidemicBy Brady Dennis September 24 Follow @brady_dennis
A coalition of doctors, addiction specialists and family members who have lost loved ones to overdoses of prescription drugs are calling for the replacement of Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Margaret A. Hamburg, arguing that the agency under her leadership has exacerbated the nationwide overdose epidemic involving powerful painkillers known as opioids.
“We have come to believe that without new leadership at FDA the opioid crisis will continue unabated,” the group, called Fed Up!, wrote this week to Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell, adding, “We are especially frustrated by the [FDA’s] continued approval of new, dangerous, high-dose opioid analgesics that are fueling high rates of addiction and overdose deaths.”
The letter to Burwell comes as the activist group prepares to hold a rally on the national mall to draw attention to what it calls “a slow and tragically ineffective federal response” to the “worst drug addiction epidemic in our nation’s history.”
Few people would argue about the depth of the problem.
Overdose deaths related to the powerful painkillers such as oxycodone and hydrocodone have more than tripled in the past two decades, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, accounting for more than 16,000 deaths in 2010 alone. Their abuse and misuse account for hundreds of thousands of emergency room visits each year and billions of dollars in health-care costs.
Add to that the rising rates in overdoses of heroin , a drug that is cheaper and in many cases more readily available than prescription opioids, and the human and economic costs of the opioid epidemic have crippled communities in every corner of the country.
In calling for Hamburg’s replacement, the group cited her defense of the agency’s decision to continue approving controversial new opioid drugs such as Zohydro, a pure hydrocodone formulation that the FDA’s own advisory committee suggested be rejected, that dozens of state attorneys general objected to allowing on the market and that multiple governors have tried to effectively ban.
“These efforts to ban an FDA-approved drug demonstrate a loss of confidence in FDA to make approval decisions that are scientifically informed and free of industry influence,” the group wrote in its letter to Burwell.”
Earlier this year, in a speech in Atlanta , Hamburg acknowledged the huge problem of opioid abuse in the country and insisted the FDA is “deeply committed” to working with other federal, state and local officials to fight it. “But,” she added, “we also must meet the very real medical needs of the estimated 100 million Americans living with severe chronic pain or coping with pain at the end of life, which is also a major public health problem in this country.”
In a statement, the FDA said Hamburg has been a “tireless public health advocate” for more than two decades and “is committed to continuing to champion the rights of patients.” The agency also said that preventing opioid abuse and making sure pain sufferers have access to appropriate treatments are “both top public health priorities for the FDA.”
Separately, HHS did not directly acknowledge the call for Hamburg’s replacement in its own statement, saying rather that Burwell “appreciates hearing from stakeholders on the important issue of prescription opioid abuse, and looks forward to responding to their letter.” The agency said it is pursuing a “comprehensive” strategy to tackling the problem with the FDA, the CDC and various other agencies.
Brady Dennis is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on food and drug issues.

RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015  then ease: PollSep 24, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease: Poll
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI seen holding rates until Q2 2015, then ease: Poll
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank of India will probably wait until the second quarter of next year to loosen policy as it wants to cool inflation before trying to spur growth, a Reuters poll found ahead of a policy review meeting next week.
All but three of 46 economists surveyed over the past week said the bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent when it meets on Sept. 30.
The survey showed that the RBI is also unlikely to alter either the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR), setting banks' minimum bond holding requirements, or the cash reserve ratio (CRR) that sets the percentage of depositors' balances that banks must keep with the central bank.
And 16 of 21 economists polled said it will not cut the ceiling on debt that must be held-to-maturity (HTM).
Analysts also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The poll shows they now think the first 25 basis point cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero percent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
From there on, the RBI is expected to gradually cut the repo rate to 7.00 percent by mid-2016.
"From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus ," said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. "That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter."
At an RBI meeting in early August, Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was "appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance".
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 percent in August from 7.96 percent in July.
But, it is still far higher than the 6 percent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist three economists expect a hike in the repo rate in the next six months.
Sluggish investments, stalled projects, government policy paralysis and high interest rates meant India's economic growth has been running at a shadow of the near double-digit levels seen in 2010.
In the quarter ended in June, the lumbering economy notched its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, accelerating to 5.7 percent to raise hopes that the worst was over.
Stock markets have rallied since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May on hopes his government will rapidly usher in reforms and attract foreign investment.
But New Delhi's failure to introduce any big-ticket reforms has dented much of that optimism, putting a spotlight back on the RBI to help boost growth through credit and interest rates.
"Governor Rajan is acutely aware of the trade-off in growth, but what he is trying to achieve is the credibility of inflation targeting," said Vishnu Varathan, senior economist at Mizuho Bank in Singapore.
RELATED NEWS

Made-in-India Mangalyaan reaches Mars  ISRO shows US  Europe  Russia how to do it in the first attemptMariner 8 - USA Mars Flyby - 997.9 kg - (May 8, 1971)
Failed to reach Earth orbit.
Kosmos 419 - USSR Mars Probe - 4,549 kg - (May 10, 1971)
Failed to leave Earth orbit.
Mars 2 - USSR Mars Orbiter/Soft Lander - 4,650 kg - (May 19, 1971)
The Mars 2 lander was released from the orbiter on November 27, 1971. It crashed-landed because its braking rockets failed- no data was returned and the first human artifact was created on Mars. The orbiter returned data until 1972.
Mars 3 - USSR Mars Orbiter/Soft Lander - 4,643 kg - (May 28, 1971)
Mars 3 arrived at Mars on December 2, 1971. The lander was released and became the first successful landing on Mars. It failed after relaying 20 seconds of video data to the orbiter. The Mars 3 orbiter returned data until August, 1972. It made measurements of surface temperature and atmospheric composition.
Mariner 9 - USA Mars Orbiter - 974 kg - (May 30, 1971 -1972)
Mariner 9 arrived at Mars on November 3, 1971 and was placed into orbit on November 24. This was the first US spacecraft to enter an orbit around a planet other than Earth. At the time of its arrival a huge dust storm was in progress on the planet. Many of the scientific experiments were delayed until the storm had subsided. The first hi-resolution images of the moons Phobos and Deimos were taken. River and channel like features were discovered. Mariner 9 is still in Martian orbit.
Mars 4 - USSR Mars Orbiter - 4,650 kg - (July 21, 1973)
Mars 4 arrived at Mars on February, 1974, but failed to go into orbit due to a malfunction of its breaking engine. It flew past the planet within 2,200 kilometers of the surface. It returned some images and data.
Mars 5 - USSR Mars Orbiter - 4,650 kg - (July 25, 1973)
Mars 5 entered into orbit around Mars on February 12, 1974. It acquired imaging data for the Mars 6 and 7 missions.
Mars 6 - USSR Mars Orbiter/Soft Lander - 4,650 kg - (August 5, 1973)
On March 12, 1974, Mars 6 entered into orbit and launched its lander. The lander returned atmospheric descent data, but failed on its way down.
Mars 7 - USSR Mars Orbiter/Soft Lander - 4,650 kg - (August 9, 1973)
On March 6, 1974, Mars 7 failed to go into orbit about Mars and the lander missed the planet. Carrier and lander are now in a solar orbit.
Viking 1 - USA Mars Orbiter/Lander - 3,527 kg including fuel - (August 20, 1975 - August 7, 1980)
Viking 2 - USA Mars Orbiter/Lander - 3,527 kg including fuel - (September 9, 1975 - July 25, 1978)
Viking 1 and 2 spacecraft included orbiters (designed after the Mariner 8 and 9 orbiters) and landers. The orbiter weighed 883 kg and the lander 572 kg. Viking 1 was launched from the Kennedy Space Center, on August 20, 1975, the trip to Mars and went into orbit about the planet on June 19, 1976. The lander touched down on July 20, 1976 on the western slopes of Chryse Planitia (Golden Plains). Viking 2 was launched for Mars on November 9, 1975, and landed on September 3, 1976. Both landers had experiments to search for Martian micro-organisms. The results of these experiments are still being debated. The landers provided detailed color panoramic views of the Martian terrain. They also monitored the Martian weather. The orbiters mapped the planet's surface, acquiring over 52,000 images. The Viking project's primary mission ended on November 15, 1976, eleven days before Mars' superior conjunction (its passage behind the Sun), although the Viking spacecraft continued to operate for six years after first reaching Mars. The Viking 1 orbiter was deactivated on August 7, 1980, when it ran out of altitude-control propellant. Viking 1 lander was accidentally shut down on November 13, 1982, and communication was never regained. Its last transmission reached Earth on November 11, 1982. Controllers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory tried unsuccessfully for another six and one ­half months to regain contact with the lander, but finally closed down the overall mission on 21 May 1983.
Phobos 1 - USSR Mars Orbiter/Lander - 5,000 kg - (July 7, 1988)
Phobos 1 was sent to investigate the Martian moon Phobos. It was lost en route to Mars through a command error on September 2, 1988.
Phobos 2 - USSR Phobos Flyby/Lander - 5,000 kg - (July 12, 1988)
Phobos 2 arrived at Mars and was inserted into orbit on January 30, 1989. The orbiter moved within 800 kilometers of Phobos and then failed. The lander never made it to Phobos.
Mars Observer - USA Mars Orbiter - 2,573 kg - (September 25, 1992)
Communication was lost with Mars Observer on August 21, 1993, just before it was to be inserted into orbit.
Mars Global Surveyor - USA Mars Orbiter - 1,062.1 kg - (November 7, 1996)
Initiated due to the loss of the Mars Observer spacecraft, the Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) mission launched on November 7, 1996. MGS has been in a Martian orbit, successfully mapping the surface since March 1998.
Mars 96 - Russia Orbiter & Lander - 6,200 kg - (November 16, 1996)
Mars '96 consisted of an orbiter, two landers, and two soil penetrators that were to reach the planet in September 1997. The rocket carrying Mars 96 lifted off successfully, but as it entered orbit the rocket's fourth stage ignited prematurely and sent the probe into a wild tumble. It crashed into the ocean somewhere between the Chilean coast and Easter Island. The spacecraft sank, carrying with it 270 grams of plutonium-238.
Mars Pathfinder - USA Lander & Surface Rover - 870 kg - (December 1996)
The Mars Pathfinder delivered a stationary lander and a surface rover to the Red Planet on July 4, 1997. The six-wheel rover, named Sojourner, explored the area near the lander. The mission's primary objective was to demonstrate the feasibility of low-cost landings on the Martian surface. This was the second mission in NASA's low-cost Discovery series. After great scientific success and public interest, the mission formally ended on November 4, 1997, when NASA ended daily communications with the Pathfinder lander and Sojourner rover.
Nozomi - Japan Mars Orbiter - 536 kg - (July 3, 1998) (Planet B)
Japan's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS) launched this probe on July 4, 1998 to study the Martian environment. This would have been the first Japanese spacecraft to reach another planet. The probe was due to arrive at Mars in December of 2003. After revising the flight plan due to earlier problems with the probe, the mission was abandoned on December 9, 2003 when ISAS was unable to communicate with the probe in order to prepare it for orbital insertion.
Mars Climate Orbiter - USA Orbiter - 629 kg - (December 11, 1998) (Mars Surveyor '98 Orbiter)
This orbiter was the companion spacecraft to the Mars Surveyor '98 Lander, but the mission failed. Click here to read the Mars Climate Orbiter Mishap Investigation Board's report.
Mars Polar Lander - USA Lander - 583 kg - (January 3, 1999) (Mars Surveyor '98 Lander)
The Polar Lander was scheduled to land on Mars on December 3, 1999. Mounted on the cruise stage of the Mars Polar Lander were two Deep Space 2 impact probes, named Amundsen and Scott. The probes had a mass of 3.572 kg each. The cruise stage was to separate from the Mars Polar Lander, and subsequently the two probes were to detach from the cruise stage. The two probes planned to impact the surface 15 to 20 seconds before the Mars Polar Lander was to touch down. Ground crews were unable to contact the spacecraft, and the two probes. NASA concluded that spurious signals during the lander leg deployment caused the spacecraft to think it had landed, resulting in premature shutdown of the spacecraft's engines and destruction of the lander on impact.
2001 Mars Odyssey - USA Mars Orbiter and Lander/Rover - 376.3 kg - (April 7, 2001) (Mars Surveyor 2001 Orbiter)
This Mars orbiter reached the planet on October 24, 2001 and served as a communications relay for future Mars missions. In 2010 Odyssey broke the record for longest-serving spacecraft at the Red Planet. It will support the 2012 landing of the Mars Science Laboratory and surface operations of that mission.
Mars Express - European Space Agency Mars Orbiter and Lander - 666 kg - (June 2, 2003)
The Mars Express Orbiter and the Beagle 2 lander were launched together on June 2, 2003. The Beagle 2 was released from the Mars Express Orbiter on December 19, 2003. The Mars Express arrived successfully on December 25, 2003. The Beagle 2 was also scheduled to land on December 25, 2003; however, ground controllers have been unable to communicate with the probe.
Spirit (MER-A) - USA Mars Rover - 185 kg - (June 10, 2003)
As part of the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) Mission, "Spirit", also known as MER-A, was launched on June 10, 2003 and successfully arrived on Mars on January 3, 2004. The last communication with Spirit occurred on March 22, 2010. JPL ended attempts to re-establish contact on May 25, 2011. The rover likely lost power due to excessively cold internal temperatures.
Opportunity (MER-B) - USA Mars Rover - 185 kg - (July 7, 2003)
"Opportunity", also known as MER-B, was launched on July 7, 2003 and successfully arrived on Mars on January 24, 2004.
Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter - 1,031 kg - (August 12, 2005)
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) was launched on August 12, 2005 for a seven month voyage to Mars. MRO reached Mars in March 10, 2006 and began its scientific mission in November 2006.
Phoenix Mars Lander - 350 kg - (August 4, 2007)
The Phoenix Mars Lander was launched on August 4, 2007 and landed on Mars on May 25, 2008. It is the first in NASA's Scout Program. Phoenix was designed to study the history of water and habitability potential in the Martian arctic's ice-rich soil. The solar-powered lander completed its three-month mission and kept working until sunlight waned two months later. The mission was officially ended in May 2010.
Phobos-Grunt - 730 kg/Yinghuo-1 - 115 kg - (November 8, 2011)
The Phobos-Grunt spacecraft was meant to land on the Martian moon Phobos. The Russian spacecraft did not properly leave Earth's orbit to set out on its trajectory toward Mars. Yinghuo-1 was a planned Chinese Mars orbital probe launched along with Phobos-Grunt. Both craft were destroyed on re-entry from Earth orbit in January 2012.
Mars Science Laboratory - 750 kg - (November 26, 2011)
The Mars Science Laboratory was launched on November 26, 2011. With its rover named Curiosity, NASA's Mars Science Laboratory mission is designed to assess whether Mars ever had an environment able to support small life forms called microbes. In other words, its mission is to determine the planet's "habitability." Curiosity landed successfully in Gale Crater at 1:31 am EDT on August 6, 2012.
Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan) - 15 kg - (November 5, 2013)
The Indian Mars Orbiter Mission was launched on November 5, 2013, from the Satish Dhawan Space Center. Insertion into orbit around Mars is planned for late September 2014.
MAVEN (Launch Window Nov 18-Dec 7, 2013)
MAVEN (Mars Atmospheric and Volatile EvolutioN) is the second mission selected for NASA's Mars Scout program. MAVEN will obtain critical measurements of the Martian atmosphere to help understand dramatic climate change on the red planet over its history.
760

AAP not to contest Maharashtra  Haryana pollsEYE BROWSE
AAP not to contest Maharashtra, Haryana polls
The party will instead act as a watchdog and expose corrupt politicians during assembly elections in the two states.
Yahoo India –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014
NEW DELHI: After losing miserably in the Lok Sabha elections, the Aam Aadmi Party has decided to be a 'watchdog' in the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, aiming to expose corrupt candidates, Hindustan Times reports.
 
AAP spokesperson Priti Sharma Menon was quoted by the daily as saying, "We will publish pamphlets and hold meetings and street plays exposing corrupt candidates and encourage citizens to vote for clean candidates."
 
She added, "Our helpline will guide people to fight these corrupt practices and we will take to the streets to protest against this menace."
 
The AAP will educate people on electing candidates with a clean record, Menon said.
 
After a dismal show in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal had said in June the party should not contest assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra, and underlined the need to focus in Delhi.
 
In the Lok Sabha polls, the fledging party had performed badly in both the states - Maharashtra and Haryana.
 
While in Haryana, none of its 10 candidates could get 100,000 votes and lost their security deposit, Maharashtra was no better with the party losing all 28 Lok Sabha seats it contested out of the state's 48.
 
In Delhi too, the AAP failed to win even a single seat. However, it stood second in all the seven seats in the state. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

PM Modi to launch  Make in India  campaign tomorrow | Full CoveragePM Modi to extend red carpet for investors, launch Make in India campaign tomorrow
PTI Sep 24, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
FDI
(The initiative has its origin…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will tomorrow roll out a red carpet to industrialists, both domestic and international, inviting them to make India a manufacturing hub that will help boost jobs and growth.
Before he embarks on his high profile US visit slated from September 26-30, Modi will launch the 'Make in India' campaign at a mega event here tomorrow in the presence of leading industrialists and business leaders.
The campaign is aimed at making India a manufacturing hub, and the government is pulling out all the stops for ensuring a smooth sailing for investors, by setting up a dedicated cell to answer queries of business entities within 72 hours. It will also closely monitor all regulatory processes to make them simple and reduce the burden of compliance.
"The government is committed to chart out a new path, wherein business entities are extended red carpet welcome in a spirit of active cooperation. Invest India will act as the first reference point for guiding foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues and to assist them in obtaining regulatory clearances," said an official statement.
Various prominent national and international industry leaders are likely to attend the programme to launch the campaign along with Ministers, senior officials, Ambassadors and opinion leaders.
The government has identified 25 key sectors in which our country has the potential of becoming a world leader. The Prime Minister will be releasing separate brochures for these sectors along with a general brochure.
The brochures covering sectors like automobiles, chemicals, IT, pharmaceuticals, textiles, ports, aviation, leather, tourism and hospitality, wellness, railways among others will provide details of growth drivers, investment opportunities, sector specific FDI and other policies and related agencies.
Investor facilitation cell will provide assistance to the foreign investors from the time of their arrival in the country to the time of their departure, with focus on green and advanced manufacturing and helping these companies to become an important part of the global value chain.
The campaign will be launched at national as well as state level and in Missions abroad. It will target top companies across sectors in identified countries. It also aims to identify select domestic companies having leadership in innovation and new technology for turning them into global champions.
The initiative has its origin in the Prime Minister's Independence Day speech where he gave a clarion call to 'Make in India' and 'Zero Defect; Zero Effect' policy.
A dedicated cell has been created through the web portal (www.makeinindia.com) to answer queries from business entities. While an exhaustive set of FAQs on this portal will help the investor find instant answers to their general queries, the back-end support team of the cell would be answering specific queries within 72 hours.
  A pro-active approach will be deployed to track visitors for their geographical location, interest and real-time user behaviour. Subsequent visits will be customised for the visitor based on the information collected. Visitors registered on the website or raising queries will be followed up with relevant information and newsletter.
At the AICC briefing, party spokesman Anand Sharma spoke in detail as to how India in recent years had taken many major policy decisions and launched the National Integrated Missions to improve the environment for business and investment.
Sharma, a former Industry and Commerce Minister, said the focus in the UPA regime was to improve India's global rating for ease of doing business and to ensure that India remains an attractive destination for foreign investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex closes flat; capital goods downSep 24, 2014 at  05:32pm IST
Sensex closes flat; capital goods down
1
0
Mumbai: A day after a 430-point fall, a benchmark index of Indian equities markets provisionally closed Wednesday's trade flat -- down 31 points or 0.12 percent -- as capital goods, bank and consumer durables stocks slumped.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
Hit by the apex court's judgment, stocks of mining, metal and power majors such as Jindal Steel and Power, Tata Steel, Bhushan Steel, Hindalco Industries and Monnet Ispat and Energy fell.
Bearish sentiment in the market also loomed as the Supreme Court cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011.
#sensex #stocks #market #economy
However, healthy buying was observed in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), healthcare and oil and gas sectors.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 26,817.94 points, closed trade at 26,744.69 points (provisional), down 31 points or 0.12 percent from the previous day's close at 26,775.69 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 26,844.70 points and a low of 26,560 points in the intra-trade.
The S&P capital goods index lost 248.21 points, bank index was lower by 197.39 points, consumer durables dipped 123.74 points, automobile index slumped by 91.23 points and realty index slipped by 28.27 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed flat -- but up 15.15 points or 0.19 percent at 8,002.40 points.
Company-wise, stocks of Jindal Steel and Power were down 9.99 percent at Rs.189.70; Bhusan Steel was down 4.96 percent at Rs.107.30; Tata Steel was down 2.63 percent at Rs.473.30; Hindalco Inds was down 0.48 percent at Rs.156.30; Monnet Ispat was down 8.16 percent at Rs.87.25; and Steel Authority of India was down 2.89 percent at Rs.68.95.
However, state-run Coal India's scrip gained 5.20 percent at Rs.351.5.
Stocks of power companies such as Adani Power were down 2.10 percent at Rs.46.70; GVK Power and Infrastructure was down 6.60 percent at Rs.10.19; JP Power was down 5.86 percent at Rs.13.65; and Moser Baer was down 4.10 percent at Rs.7.48.
The Supreme Court has cancelled all the coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2011, except four vested with the NTPC and other public sector undertakings.
As a consequence of this order, 214 coal blocks stand cancelled.
14

BJP asks MPs  MLAs to help in flood-hit Meghalaya  Assam14
0
New Delhi: Expressing concern over deaths and losses due to floods in Meghalaya and Assam, BJP chief Amit Shah has asked partymen and public representatives in the two states, including party MPs and MLAs, to help in rescue and relief operations.
After talking to the party units in the two states and getting a report on the situation, Shah directed all BJP MPs, state legislators and all public representatives as well as party office-bearers and workers in the two states to come out and support the rescue operations.
The BJP chief condoled the loss of lives and voiced concern over damage to property and promised all possible help to those affected. He said that Garo Hills region in Meghalaya and Gopalpara district of Assam have been worst affected by the floods following incessant rains in the area.
The BJP chief condoled the loss of lives and voiced concern over damage to property and promised all possible help to those affected.
#meghalaya #assam #floods #bjp
At least 24 persons have lost their lives and as many are feared dead after being reported missing in the flood-hit areas of the Garo Hills region in Meghalaya, according to state government officials.
Triggered by incessant rains for the last 36 hours, the flood had also affected more than three lakh people. Over 20,000 people are staying in relief camps, they said on Wednesday.
The flood situation in Assam was also grim with Air Force choppers pressed into service to evacuate the marooned as the death toll in the deluge mounted to 16. Around 3.7 lakh people have been affected in the floods.
Army, NDRF and SDRF teams also conducted rescue and relief operations in marooned areas. According to the flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), eight people have lost their lives in Goalpara district since Monday.
7

The FAAs slow move to regulate domestic dronesComments
By Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging) September 24
The existing legal landscape for drone use reflects a crazy quilt of regulations, policy pronouncements and state laws, with many significant pieces missing. To introduce some structure into the conversation and explain the current state of the law, we’ll lay out each of the three sources of existing domestic drone regulation in this post and in our forthcoming posts:
Federal policy, including FAA regulations, federal legislation, and recent litigation;
State legislation focused on private drone use; and
Laws of general applicability that affect private drone use.
Any summary of drone regulation must begin with the Federal Aviation Administration. Safety is central to the FAA’s existence. The agency was established in 1958 when Congress enacted the Federal Aviation Act, which tasked the agency with “develop[ing] plans and policy for the use of the navigable airspace and assign by regulation or order the use of the airspace necessary to ensure the safety of aircraft and the efficient use of airspace.” The 1958 Act was passed in the aftermath of a tragic midair collision between a Trans World Airlines Super Constellation and a United Air Lines DC-7 over the Grand Canyon, which killed all 128 people on board the planes.
In keeping with its mandate, the FAA began implementing rules to help aircraft safely navigate the skies. Simultaneously, people began to build and use model airplanes as a hobby. With this hobby literally taking off, in 1981 the FAA issued Advisory Circular 91-57 to promote the safe use of model airplanes. That Advisory Circular asks hobbyists to avoid flying their model airplanes above 400 feet; within three miles of airports; and near full-scale aircraft, populated areas, or noise-sensitive places such as parks, schools, hospitals, and churches. Importantly, the Advisory Circular called for hobbyists’ voluntary compliance. It was not promulgated as a formal FAA rule — and for nearly a quarter century, it stood as the FAA’s only guidance on small unmanned aircraft.
In 2005, as drone technology began to enter the domestic marketplace, the FAA issued a memorandum outlining an interim policy for approving drones for domestic use. That memorandum stated that drone operators would “be held accountable for controlling [their] aircraft to the same responsible standard as the pilot of a manned aircraft” and explained that the FAA’s regulation concerning careless and reckless operation of an aircraft applied to drones.
Two years later, the FAA issued a new policy statement . That statement provided that “no person may operate a UAS [Unmanned Aircraft System] in the National Airspace without specific authority.” The FAA explained that the 1981 Advisory Circular allowed drones to be flown by hobbyists. But, the FAA warned, that Circular “only applies to modelers and thus specifically excludes its use by persons or companies for business purposes.” Should private companies wish to fly in domestic airspace, they must seek a “special airworthiness certificate.”Likewise, if public entities, including government agencies and public universities, would like to use drones, they must obtain a “ certificate of authorization .”
In the ensuring years, very few special airworthiness certificates have been issued to private companies, with most being given to defense contractors. Obtaining a certificate requires a rigorous showing of how the drone system is designed and constructed, including software development, control, and quality-assurance procedures. In general, neither the certificates of authorization nor the special airworthiness certificates are broad grants of permission: almost all are granted narrowly for specific times, locations, and operations.
Although the 2007 policy statement indicated that the FAA would undertake a safety review of drones and provide new rules as a result, no rules were ever proposed.
Frustrated by the FAA’s delay in promulgating comprehensive regulations, and recognizing the growing demand to use this technology, in 2012, Congress enacted the FAA Modernization and Reform Act (“FMRA”). The Act requires the FAA to devise a “comprehensive plan to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace” by September 2015. This plan must address public, civil, and commercial use of drones of all sizes, including those drones that are of the greatest interest to most people, including journalists — “small” drones, a category that encompasses any drone under 55 pounds. The Act mandates a series of deadlines to be met by the FAA .
The agency has missed many of FMRA’s key deadlines. Last fall, the FAA belatedly issued a “ Roadmap ” for future regulations and a “ Comprehensive Plan ” for integrating drones into the national airspace. The FAA also named six drone test sites , which will serve as laboratories to assist in developing drone policies and technologies. At those sites, people will have the opportunity to conduct regional, weather, and purpose-specific research into how drones operate, with each site having a slightly different focus. Each of those sites is now operational.
When the FAA announced the six test sites, it also issued privacy requirements for the sites. These requirements offered the FAA its first opportunity to wade into the privacy issues raised by drones. Many people submitted comments in anticipation of this development, with the comments ranging from calls for strict privacy regulations to contentions that nothing was needed because existing privacy laws were sufficient. At the end of the day, the FAA said its mission was safety and that it would not be “taking specific views on whether or how the federal government should regulate privacy or the scope of data that can be collected by” drones. Instead, the agency said that each site should issue its own policies and that operators must comply with local privacy laws. The FAA also said that if drone operations at the test sites “raise privacy concerns that are not adequately addressed by the Test Site’s privacy policies, elected officials can weigh the benefits and costs of additional privacy laws or regulations.”
Privacy concerns have, unsurprisingly, captured the eye of elected federal officials. Several drone-related bills are pending in Congress. For example, the Preserving American Privacy Act would prohibit private drone operators from capturing data in “highly offensive” ways that would violate a reasonable expectation of privacy. Similarly, the Drone Aircraft Privacy and Transparency Act would require operators to submit a “data collection statement” to the FAA, delineating, among other things, what data will be collected, how the data will be used and retained, and whether the data would be sold to third parties. There also have been reports of plans to issue an executive order regarding privacy that would task the National Telecommunications and Information Administration with creating privacy guidelines for commercial drones.
To date, the FAA still has not promulgated proposed rules on small drones. Originally slated for release in March 2011, a series of “unanticipated issues requiring further analysis” have pushed out the release date to Dec. 22, 2014.
In the absence of formal rules, FAA enforcement has largely relied on the Advisory Circular on model aircraft, the 2005 memorandum, and the 2007 policy statement for its authority. For years, it has issued cease-and-desist letters to people and entities using drones domestically. Those letters reflect the FAA’s position that drones cannot be used for commercial purposes and that domestic drone operators must have one of the two certificates to fly. In issuing the letters, the FAA has grounded a wide array of drone operations, ranging from dry cleaners in Philadelphia to the Washington Nationals baseball team , and from journalism schools to an agricultural school . Interestingly, the FAA has construed news gathering to be a “commercial use,” sending cease-and-desist letters to media companies that have used drones in their reporting.
The gaps and delays in regulation have not gone unnoticed, nor have the FAA’s cease-and-desist letters and its other enforcement efforts. Rather, each has precipitated lawsuits. We will review those lawsuits and other recent developments at the federal level in our next post.

Coming armed to seek an explanation from or discussion with the other person concerning the actors differences with the other personBy Eugene Volokh September 24 Follow @volokhc
I recently came across this provision in Texas law, and found its historical ebb and flow quite interesting — a good example of how self-defense law changes, often in surprising ways.
1. Let’s begin with the historical background: Throughout American history, (a) people have been legally allowed to use deadly force when necessary to protect themselves against imminent threat of death or serious bodily injury, but (b) people have not been allowed to do so when they deliberately provoked the threat with the specific purpose of using deadly force in retaliation.
So if Don wants to kill Vic, goes to insult Vic precisely because he wants Vic to threaten to imminently kill Don, Vic does so threaten Don, and then Don uses that as a reason to kill Vic, Don is guilty of murder, and has no self-defense defense available to him. This principle has not been controversial among American courts.
If Don does something knowing that Vic will likely retaliate (e.g., goes out with Vic’s ex-girlfriend knowing that Vic is insanely jealous and will probably attack) or with reason to know that Vic will likely retaliate, that’s generally not enough to cause Don to lose his self-defense rights, though there is indeed a controversy about that among courts. But if goading Vic is Don’s specific purpose, the need for Don to defend himself against Vic’s attack — a need deliberately created by Don himself — does not justify Don’s self-defense.
2. But say Don and Vic have a dispute, and Don goes to Vic to discuss the dispute; Vic, unsurprisingly, tries to kill or seriously injure Don, and Don — having prepared for this eventuality — takes out a weapon and kills Vic. Has Don forfeited his right to self-defense? No, argues Don:
I didn’t deliberately seek to kill Vic. Yes, I was worried that Vic might attack me, given his past anger at me, anger that foreseeably would have been exacerbated by my coming to discuss our differences. Because of this worry, I came armed. But that’s just prudent planning against an undesired (though foreseen) eventuality, not a deliberate attempt to provoke a deadly fight. Or at least you can’t prove otherwise beyond a reasonable doubt.
Yes, argues the prosecutor to the jury:
Ha! Don surely did deliberately try to provoke Vic into giving Don an excuse to kill him. His deliberately seeking a discussion with Vic about this sore point is strong evidence of that, and so is his bringing a weapon to the likely quarrel. There’s enough there to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, a purpose to provoke a deadly fight.
But the jury might not buy that, especially under the beyond-a-reasonable-doubt standard, since Don’s “no purpose to provoke Vic, but regretful anticipation that Vic might be provoked” theory is not implausible. So the prosecutor argues to judges and legislators:
We need to outlaw coming armed to this sort of probable violent confrontation — even if we don’t generally outlaw other behavior that knowingly risks provoking someone — because this is especially and unnecessarily productive of deadly fights, and a specific purpose to provoke is often hard to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
3. In Texas, courts developing the common law of self-defense, and in particular the provocation exception, historically stuck with the purpose-to-provoke requirement. Here’s how this generally came up: The prosecution argued that the defendant deliberately provoked the fight to have an excuse to kill the victim. The defendant’s theory was that he came armed to a confrontation simply as a precaution, and didn’t specifically intend to goad the victim into attacking him (though he was aware of the risk). In such a situation, the defendant was legally entitled to have the court instruct the jury that coming armed to such a confrontation wasn’t itself enough to strip the defendant of the right to self-defense. Here’s a classic statement of the principle, from Shannon v. State, 28 S.W. 687 (Tex. Ct. Crim. App. 1894) (paragraph breaks added):
There is no question that one may speak to another about derogatory charges or statements made or circulated by such other person against him, without intending or even desiring to provoke a difficulty; and, knowing such other person is armed, he may also arm himself, not to provoke a difficulty or to produce an occasion for injuring the other, but to act, if necessary, in self-defense.
If, then, in an attempt to adjust the trouble or reach an understanding, without any provocation on defendant’s part, the insult or charge complained of is not only persisted in, but publicly repeated, and defendant, roused to passion thereby, replies in terms equally insulting, and is immediately attacked, and finally kills, but only in defense of his life, we cannot hold him guilty of any crime. To hold otherwise would be to deny a man the right to notice any insult or interrogate the author of any charge because he would forfeit the right to defend his life if he should be attacked.
The tendency of the right to abuse is no answer to the right itself. The fact that one with a grievance arms himself, and seeks an interview with the man who wrongs him, is not necessarily a provocation, nor does it place the injured party necessarily in the wrong. He must also … “willingly and knowingly use language or do acts reasonably calculated to lead to an affray or deadly conflict”; and, unless the acts are clearly calculated or intended to have such an effect, the right of self-defense is not compromitted, even though the party armed himself and went there for the purpose of a difficulty.
4. Then, in the 1990s, the law changed. In the 1970s, the Texas Legislature codified the law of self-defense, and there was litigation on whether this codification, which didn’t mention the “coming armed to discuss the difficulty” doctrine, repealed the doctrine. The Texas courts said no (I think correctly, as a matter of statutory interpretation), but in Banks v. State (1983) , two judges dissented, and though they discussed the statutory change, they were also animated by what they saw as the policy arguments:
Because the majority fails to address the overriding issue in this cause, I must dissent. The majority, despite the clear legislative expression to the contrary, continues to follow the Code of the West and proliferate the romantic notion that everyone in Texas can tote his .45 and settle his differences at high noon on main street.
Though I run the risk of being forever ostracized by the purveyors of Texana, I must advocate the abolition of the charge on a defendant’s right to carry arms to the scene of the difficulty and to seek an explanation of differences. We should wait no longer to be dragged, kicking and screaming, into the twentieth century; we should make the expedition voluntarily….
The commentators all recognized that these changes were designed to remove the street as the forum for determining the differences of parties, and place disputes where they belonged: in the courthouses of the State. The Legislature having codified the law of self-defense, the conclusion is inescapable that their failure to include the right to arm oneself was a refutation of a rule they found repugnant to the times. This philosophy is not new:
“It will doubtless work a great improvement on the moral and social condition of men, when every man shall come fully to understand that, in the great social compact under and by which states and communities are bound and held together, each individual has compromised the right to avenge his own wrongs, and must look to the state for redress. We must not go back to that state of barbarism in which each claims the right to administer the law in his own case; that law being simply the domination of the strong and the violent over the weak and submissive.
“It is useless to talk about personal liberty being infringed by laws such as that under consideration. The world has seen too much licentiousness cloaked under the name of natural or personal liberty; natural and personal liberty are exchanged, under the social compact of states, for civil liberty.”
Such was the description given by Justice Walker in discussing the effect of the act of April 12, 1871, regulating, and in certain cases, prohibiting, the carrying of deadly weapons. In upholding these statutes against a charge that they infringed upon the constitutional right of the people to keep and bear arms, Justice Walker pointed out that the other states of the Union had such laws and that Texas was just coming of age and was at the point where its enactment was justified ….
I believe the Legislature intended in 1973 to abolish that portion of the law which allowed a person to arm himself and seek an explanation. If this Court continues to allow this to be the law then we are advocating a violation of the law by allowing a person to carry prohibited weapons contrary to the provisions of Sec. 46.02, V.T. C.A. Penal Code [which at the time sharply limited the carrying of handguns]. We are also saying to the lawless element of our society that it is permissible to arm yourself and go to your antagonist knowing you may have to kill him. We are saying, don’t clutter our courts with civil suits to arbitrate your differences; instead, add to our overcrowded criminal dockets with homicide cases which arise from senseless elimination of human lives.
The majority disagreed in some detail, in responding to the state’s petition for rehearing, but one telling passage is this:
The District Attorney is content to embrace the dissenting opinion on original submission and to ask rhetorically, “Are we a society governed by law or by the fastest gun?” So long as the law recognizes a general principle of necessity justifying conduct that would otherwise be criminal — a traditional common law defense — the answer may be “both.”
And eventually, in 1993 (effective September 1, 1994), the Legislature took up the Banks dissenting opinion’s suggestion, and added the following provision to the self-defense statute:
The use of force against another is not justified … if the actor sought an explanation from or discussion with the other person concerning the actor’s differences with the other person while the actor was carrying a weapon in violation of Section 46.02.
Since Texas law had long largely banned carrying handguns outside one’s home, this basically barred self-defense defenses under the comes-armed-to-discussion-of-differences scenario. (My sense, by the way, is that this made Texas less friendly to self-defense than other states — though I haven’t seen cases on the subject from other states, the general view in most such states is that self-defense isn’t lost unless the prosecution proves beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant actually deliberately intended to provoke a deadly fight.)
5. But wait! That’s 1993. Something big happened with regard to Texas very shortly afterwards: In 1995 (effective September 1, 1995), Texas went to a “shall-issue” system in which pretty much any law-abiding adult could get a license to carry a concealed handgun. And because such carrying was no longer in violation of § 46.02, people who had concealed carry licenses are now able to do precisely what the Banks dissent so opposed, and what the legislature had briefly made a crime.
6. Here, then, is the law in Texas, as best I can tell (and I’ve checked some later cases that seem to bear this out). Again, assume in these examples that Don has killed Vic (or has tried to kill him or at least seriously injure him, in which case the same issue would arise in an attempted murder or assault with a deadly weapon case):
a. Deliberate provocation: If the prosecution can prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that Don deliberately goaded Vic into threatening Don with death or serious bodily injury, Don is guilty of murder. This is true whether or not Don was licensed to carry a concealed weapon.
b. Coming armed to settle differences, with a concealed carry license: If concealed-carry-license-holding Don went to discuss his differences with Vic, and came legally armed, just in case Vic gets violent — but the prosecution can’t prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Don deliberately sought to prompt such violence in order to have an excuse to kill Vic — Don is not guilty of murder.
c. Coming armed to settle differences, without a concealed carry license: If non-concealed-carry-license-holding Don went to discuss his differences with Vic, and came illegally armed, just in case Vic gets violent — but the prosecution can’t prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Dan deliberately sought to prompt such violence in order to have an excuse to kill Vic — Don is guilty not just of illegally carrying a weapon, but of murder.
Getting a concealed carry license thus gets you not only an exception from the handgun carry ban, but also an exception — under certain circumstances — from murder law. That seems a bit odd to me. It may well be that the pre-1994 Texas approach (self-defense rights not lost unless one has a deliberate purpose to provoke serious violence as an excuse to kill) is better. It may well be that the Sept. 1, 1994 to Sept. 1, 1995 approach (self-defense rights when one deliberately comes armed to a discussion of differences) is better. But the modern approach, under which whether you’re guilty of murder depends on whether you’re guilty of a weapons violation, strikes me as harder to justify. (I realize that this is something of an echo of felony-murder doctrine, under which whether you’re guilty of murder may depend on whether you’re committing some other serious felony at the time, but a weapons violation generally isn’t enough to qualify there, and in any event felony-murder doctrine itself has long been criticized for yielding similarly odd results.)
There are, to be sure, plausible defenses for such a rule. Concealed carry licenseholders are much more likely to be law-abiding than others, since lack of a serious criminal record is required to be able to get a license. Maybe we should trust their judgment about when to come armed to a discussion of differences more than we trust non-licenseholders’ judgment. Moreover, concealed carry licenseholders are more likely to carry guns as a matter of daily practice, so perhaps their being armed is thus less suggestive of a specific desire to goad someone into a deadly battle, and more suggestive of just simply following one’s normal habits. Still, I doubt that, if we were creating the law from scratch, we’d draw the murder/no-murder line based on whether the defendant has a concealed carry license.
Rather — and here I’m just speculating (and I’d love to hear more historically informed views on the matter) — the line seems to me an artifact of the particular political situation in mid-1990s Texas, and how the 1995 shall-issue law interacted with the 1993 language in the self-defense statute.
In 1993, the prohibition on coming armed to discuss differences applied to illegally coming armed to discuss differences, which at the time was a very broad prohibition. The legalization of licensed gun carrying, and thus of being legally armed, thus itself sharply narrowed the scope of that prohibition. Some backers of the coming-armed-to-discuss-differences prohibition might have wanted to avoid this narrowing, but that would have required a separate political battle over changing the substance of that provision. Political battles are costly, and this one didn’t happen. The result is the somewhat odd homicide law rule that I’ve just described.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Govt can auction coal blocks in 6 months: Ex-coal secyIn an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh, PC Parakh, former coal secretary gave his reading on the SC verdict and the road ahead.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: How quickly do you think the government can re-auction these 46 blocks?
A: Not 46 blocks, the issue is about auctioning all the blocks, which have been cancelled. Maybe the government will have to take these blocks on priority and I suppose it should be possible to do that exercise within six months time.
Q: We heard that there could be some legal issues between the title of the land belonging to the man who has also been allocated the coal mine and therefore that will have to be revoked. Will that be a simple ordinance process or is that not a legal issue at all?
A: This will also definitely be a very serious issue and government will have to address that issue. I personally think that if government goes through a system of giving right of first refusal to the present allottees after open auction has been done maybe lot of these problems perhaps will be taken care of.
Q: Do you suspect that by April 1 the process of re-auction or resale would have almost concluded, the current owners will have got a change to re-buy the block by April 1?
A: April 1, 2015?
Q: Yes.
A: It should be possible.
Q: The more important question is the ability of Coal India in case the re-auction process is not over to mine a further 46 blocks. Until now Coal India has shown a capacity to increase its output by only 5 percent per annum. It has never done better than that. If it were called upon to do another 46 blocks which is about, almost 20 percent more than what it is mining now, will it physically be capable of doing that?
A: Well it is not very simple and easy to do that but the difference between Coal India increasing its own production and managing these mines for a short time is very different cup of tea because these mines are already operating. There are management people already in place and who know their job and I don’t think Coal India will be replacing any of these management people, it will be simply operating through the same set of people and therefore I don’t think it will be very difficult for Coal India to manage during this interim period.
Q: Will this be seen by India Inc and by foreign investors as a onetime clean up act or will it be seen as a nation where decisions always get revoked?
A: All foreign investors and domestic investors must see this as a very good decision for future and the government have been told now that all decisions in future should be transparent and objective and the kind of favouritism or such things will not work. This should be an incentive for investors who should be assured of fair play in future decisions of the government.
RELATED NEWS

VPT sets record in manganese ore unloadingVPT sets record in manganese ore unloading
Our bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep 24:  
The Visakhaptnam Port Trust has established an all-time record in unloading of manganese ore in bulk in a single day.
The Port handled a quantity of 22,053 tonnes with a gang hook output of 1838 tonnes of Manganese ore in bulk for Saradha Energy & Minerals limited.
The ore was discharged from the vessel m v ILIA on September 14 at East Quay-5 berth. It surpassed the previous best discharge of 19,425 tonnes from the vess m v FREE GODDESS on March 14, 2010.
According to a release from the Port, K R & Sons Private Limited were the Stevedores and Admiral Shipping Limited the steamer agents for the above vessel.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Jet to operate more flights to Gulf  Southeast AsiaJet to operate more flights to Gulf, Southeast Asia
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 24:  
Jet Airways has launched a major global expansion from this winter, announcing the addition of over a dozen flights to several destinations in the Gulf and Southeast Asia.
The company today announced four daily flights from Kochi to Dubai, a second frequency between Mumbai and Doha, both from November five, and from Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram to Doha from Dec 1.
The airline, which has decided to do away with its all—economy flights, would deploy its next—generation Boeing 737—800 aircraft on these routes, offering business and economy classes.
Jet has also announced the launch of daily direct services from Ahmedabad, Goa, Lucknow and Pune to Abu Dhabi with one stop connections to Europe, North America and Africa from November 14.
Earlier this month, the carrier said it would start a daily flight between Delhi and Ho Chi Minh city in Vietnam via Bangkok from November five and a new service from Mumbai to the Vietnamese city, making it Jet’s 22nd global destination.
The airline also plans to introduce a third daily direct flight from Mumbai to Bangkok during the winter schedule, which would be an afternoon service. This would make Jet the only Indian carrier to operate three flights a day from Mumbai to Bangkok’s Suvarnabhumi Airport.
It would start a second direct service between Mumbai and Colombo from November 5, offering same day return especially for business travellers.
The new flights and additional frequencies on some routes would strengthen Jet’s presence in the high demand routes, especially in the Gulf.
With these new flights, Jet Airways would achieve the distinction of becoming India’s first private airline to operate over 40 daily flights to multiple destinations in the Gulf, including Abu Dhabi, Bahrain, Dubai, Doha, Kuwait, Sharjah, Muscat, Jeddah, Dammam and Riyadh, making it the largest operator on the India—Gulf sector, an airline statement said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Canadian B-Schools woo Indian studentsCanadian B-Schools woo Indian students
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 24:  
Leading B-schools based in Canada are seeking to attract Indian students with quality education, opportunity to experience life there and possibly take up jobs, both part-time and full time, depending upon their period of study.
For the first time a dozen top B-Schools, all part of the Government Universities are on a four city tour of India seeking to offer Indian students an opportunity to explore Canadian high class education, Ivy Lerner-Frank, First Secretary and Trade Commissioner, High Commission of Canada, said.
Speaking to Business Line here a day ahead of the interactive meeting arranged to meet students, she said that during the current tour, Delhi, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Mumbai are being covered by the Canadian universities to showcase the excellent opportunities to take up management courses for young professionals, entrepreneurs and students aspiring for a foreign management degree.
“The MBA programmes in Canada are internationally recognised for excellence. The Canadian Government has a policy to encourage a multi-cultural student pool, offering career progression path and is also open to immigration, depending upon the period of stay,” she explained.
Canada has been consistently ranked high among as best places to do business and is backed with a robust financial system. A top class management education in such an environment would provide a great opportunity for someone seeking to pursue management course in Canada. Depending upon the period of education, they have the opportunity to work there, she explained.
One of the important aspects of the management courses in Canada is the strong entrepreneurship incubation system which provides young students to explore new opportunities.
She said that the number of students taking up studies in Canada has gone up four-fold since 2008 to 2.70 lakh. India accounts for second largest overseas students in Canada after China with about 30,000 students. The number is steadily growing, she said.
Referring to the cost of education, Quoting an HSBC study, she said it is much lower in Canada when compared to some of the other popular destinations. She said that scholarships are also available depending upon academic excellence
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Mumbai office vacany levels highest despite lowest rentsMumbai office vacany levels highest despite lowest rents
Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 06:52 PM IST
Among the top 15 global cities, Mumbai office rentals are the lowest, said the new study. Among the top 15 global cities, office rentals in Mumbai are the lowest at Rs. 250 per square feet per month as compared to London and New York which stand at Rs. 900 and Rs. 360 per sq. ft./month respectively, said a new report by global consultant Knight Frank.
"Going forward, Mumbai's office rentals are expected to grow by nearly 15% over the next five years," the report said.
Despite low rents, current vacancy levels within the Mumbai office market lies at 23%, the highest as compared to the top 15 global cities, it said.
"In contrast, rental yields within the city's office market is also the highest at 10.3% as compared to cities like Sydney, Washington and Shanghai which offer rental yields of 6.3%, 6.2% and 6% respectively," it said.

Hindalco Industries  coal imports seen rising post SC verdict on coal allocationHindalco coal imports might rise
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:45 AM IST
With the Supreme Court giving a final verdict on the coal block issue, cancelling all allocations it deemed illegal, Hindalco Industries says it's up to the central government to mend matters.
Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman, said: “I am sure this government would have chalked out a fallback plan as lakhs of crores of investment has gone into these mines by many companies and business groups.”
He was speaking at the company’s 55th annual general meeting here on Wednesday. Asked if Hindalco’s coal import would rise, Debu Bhattacharya, managing director, said on the event's sidelines, “Looks like yes but I can't say to what level...it's too early to say.” The aluminium producer had imported 300,000 tonnes of coal in 2013-14.
Hindalco was allocated the Mahan coal block to feed its power-hungry aluminium unit in Madhya Pradesh. Mahan Coal was a joint venture between Hindalco Industries and Essar Power, which have already invested Rs 20,000 crore for setting up the plants.
Regarding promoters’ share in Hindalco’s total shareholding, Birla said, “We are continuously looking to increase it and that is something of a priority for us as a promoter group.”
As on June 30, of the total shareholding pattern, promoter and promoter group holds 36.99%, while institutions hold 41.77%, public 55.39% and balance is spread between FIIs, DIIs, non-institutions and bodies corporate.
On query regarding bonus or a rights issue, Birla said, "I can assure there is something the board will definitely look into when we belive any such bonus or rights issue is in the offing and you must keep in mind that shareholders are uppermost in the minds of the board."
Regarding the future of Novelis, the company's US-based subsidiary, Birla said there were plans to increase the share of its value-added products, increase margins, and increase share of recyling which will help us lower cost of production.
"We will also go from can-led company to becoming a auto-led company, which means our share in auto components will gradually increase as we have our new capacities in north America along with large supply contracts with auto makers like Ford, Land Rover and Jaguar therefore what we are doing is that we are moving towards product mix that is richer perhaps less volatile," he said.

Meghalaya cloud-burst  flash floods leave trail of devastation in AssamdistrictsPrint
A man crosses flood waters at Krishnai village in Goalpara district of northeastern Assam state. In worst-hit district of Goalpara, 90 villages have been submerged under water. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:29 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 8:15 pm
The water-level of flash floods in Goalpara district in Assam, triggered off by a massive cloud-burst in South West Garo Hills district in Meghalaya on Sunday night, has started receding, but not before leaving behind a trail of destruction.
While at least 40 persons have lost their lives in the Garo Hills in Meghalaya, as many as 26 bodies have been fished out from the water in Goalpara and Kamrup districts in Assam in the past two days. Confirming this, Assam forest minister Rakibul Hussain said the final death figure could be much more because many people are reportedly missing and suspected to have been washed away. “Many villages are still totally submerged, with water flowing above the roofs. Rescue teams have yet to cover all the affected villages,” Hussain said.
Though columns of the Army and BSF are pressed into rescue operations alongside the NDRF and SDRF teams, they have not been able to reach out because most villages are still submerged, the minister pointed out. The number of cattle and other domestic animals washed away are yet to be ascertained.
A man looks at his house that was damaged in flash floods at Krishnai village in Goalpara in Assam. (Source: PTI)
In Goalpara, of the 14 bodies recovered so far, two are infants, they being Apsara Hujuri (one year two months) and Prakash Rabha (two years six months). The dead also include five women, Hussain said. In Kamrup district on the other hand 12 bodies have been recovered so far. With five deaths in Guwahati city and one in Dhubri, the total death toll in the last three days’ floods in Assam has gone up to 31.
The flood waters came down like a huge wall several metres high and even washed away trucks and cars off the NH 37 for several hundred metres. In Krishnai, Dudhnoi and Bolbola, all highway townships, trucks, cars and other vehicles are lying strewn by the roadside after the floodwaters were gone. In Bolbola, at least 180 persons were killed in a flash flood in 2004.
Minister Hussain, who visited Goalpara and Kamrup today said at least six lakh population have been affected by floods in the two districts in since Sunday night. While four lakh have been affected in Kamrup, 2.11 lakh have been affected in Goalpara. About 1.4 lakh people have been put up in relief camps while thousands have taken shelter under the open sky on the highway and other roads.
Several bridges that have been continued…

SC accepted our suggestion on coal block cancellation: SriprakashJaiswalPrint
The Supreme Court has accepted our (previous UPA government) suggestion that all the coal block which were allocated since 1993 be cancelled, said Jaiswal.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:23 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 7:38 pm
Former Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Wednesday said the Supreme Court has accepted the previous UPA government’s suggestion of cancellation of coal blocks which were allocated since 1993.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
“The Supreme Court has accepted our (previous UPA government) suggestion that all the coal block which were allocated since 1993 be cancelled,” Jaiswal said.
ALSO READ:  SC cancelling coal block allocation will enable fresh start: Ravi Shankar Prasad 
The controversy over allocation of coal blocks had started when Jaiswal was the coal minister.
In 2012, Jaiswal had written to to Central Vigilance Commission seeking a CBI probe into all the coal blocks allocated since 1993 when Government had started allocation to private players for captive use.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993 and in which it was claimed that around Rs 2 lakh crores were invested.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, saved only four blocks–one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects–from being cancelled.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
The bench also directed the companies, which were allocated coal blocks but had not operationalised them, to pay a compensation to the government for the loss of exchequer. It accepted the findings of the CAG which came to the conclusion that the loss of Rs 295 per tonne was caused due to the non-operation of the mines.
The apex court also noticed the stand taken by the NDA government that it is “fully prepared to face socio-economic impact” if the coal block allocations were cancelled.
During the earlier hearing in the case, the UPA govt had opposed cancellation of coal blocks allocation saying that around Rs 2 lakh crore had been invested by various companies after blocks were alloted to them.
The apex court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocation since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.

Petronet can raise debt on its ratings: GargStory
A league of its own
Petronet, which posted a net profit of Rs 1,149 crore in 2012/13, doesn't depend on its promoters for funding.
R.K. GARG, Director (Finance), Petronet LNG
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
(LARGE COMPANIES)
Winner: R.K. GARG, Director (Finance), Petronet LNG
Petronet LNG is a company like few others. For, its main shareholders are also its biggest rivals. State-run Indian Oil, GAIL, Bharat Petroleum and Oil & Natural Gas Corp together own half of Petronet .

Hydropower deal with RPower collapses: JP PowerJaiprakash Power Ventures says hydropower deal with Reliance collapses
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Hydropower deal: Rel Power calls off talks with JP Power
Hydropower deal: Rel Power calls off talks with JP Power
Jaiprakash said in a statement that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) fell apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects". 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd's deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed, underlining the struggle indebted Indian generators face trying to sell assets.
Jaiprakash said in a statement on Wednesday that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group ( ADAG ) had fallen apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Like many Indian power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash, and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
Lanco Infratech and GVK Power & Infrastructure are among other firms trying to sell assets.
Closing deals has proven tough, with disagreements over valuations, and uncertainty over the price regulators will allow generators to charge for electricity, scuppering talks.
Reliance's bid for Jaiprakash's business followed the collapse earlier in July of a plan by Jaiprakash to sell two of the three plants for $1.6 billion to an Abu Dhabi-led consortium.
Shares in Jaiprakash Power, which have fallen about 30 per cent this year, closed down 5.54 per cent on Wednesday before the news that the talks with Reliance had ended. Shares in its parent company finished the day down 7.95 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

http://usat.ly/1yqRttMFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit.
Post to Facebook
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC General Motors is taking the radical step of setting up its Cadillac brand as a separate business unit that will move its headquarters to Soho in New York City from the GM headquarters in Detroit. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1slwEx4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
81
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM separates Cadillac, moves headquarters to NYC
James R. Healey , 6:30 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Cadillac Elmiraj concept coupe Aug. 15, 2013 in Carmel, Calif. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive coupe hinting at the details of the super-size Caddy under development. Powerplant is a 4.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-8 delivering an estimated 500 hp. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
Cadillac 's Elmiraj concept coupe at Carmel, Calif. Mark Reuss, president of General Motors North American operations, says Elmiraj is 'the car Cadillac needs' to 'make a statement.' 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The Cadillac Elmiraj concept car is at the Cadillac booth at the 2013 Los Angeles Auto Show. 
(Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP)
Fullscreen
Mike Nolan of General Motorsâ?? Design Fabrications Operations uses a blue light scanner to capture a 3-D image of the Cadillac Elmiraj. Designers used the digital mapping technology extensively on the concept car, appearing at the Los Angeles International Auto Show through Dec. 1. 
(Photo: General Motors)
Actor/Director/Producer Clint Eastwood, left, gets a tour of the Cadillac Elmiraj Concept from General Motors Vice President Global Design Ed Welburn at far right. The Elmiraj is a four-seat rear-wheel drive grand coupe. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
The emblem on the grille of the Cadillac Elmiraj concept 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
By comparison, here's the logo on the front of a Cadillac Escalade, not as wide and showing the laurel leaves. The Escalade is due to be redone soon. 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Cadillac's  Elmiraj concept has dramatic front-end styling, a hint of which already can be seen on the CTS production car. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac's goal was to create more rear space for back-seat passengers. The back seats and front seats slide forward in tandem to give better rear access. 
(Photo: Cadillac News Photo)
Cadillac Elmiraj concept car has controls, instruments grouped tightly around driver. Cadillac is working on a super-size car and it could be based on Elmiraj. 
(Photo: Cadillac)
The first big-Cadillac concept car was the Ciel convertible, shown here at the 2012 Beijing International Automotive Exhibition in China. 
(Photo: Alexander F. Yuan, AP)
Cadillac's Ciel open-air grand-touring concept car Aug. 18, 2011 in Carmel, Calif. Ciel is pronounced "C-L," and means "sky" in French. 
(Photo: GM Wieck)
Cadillac rolls out the Ciel concept, an open-air grand-touring car, at Meadow Brook Hall in Rochester, Mich. Aug. 29, 2011. It suggests some styling touches that'll be on the the super-size Caddy under development. 
(Photo: John F. Martin / Cadillac)
Cadillac Ciel concept car at the Los Angeles Auto Show Nov. 16, 2011, is a four-seat show car meant to suggest some touches coming in the super-size Caddy due within two years. 
(Photo: Kevork Djansezian, Getty Images)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

See 50% topline growth in FY15: HubtownSep 24, 2014, 07.48 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See 50% topline growth in FY15: Hubtown
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar, Vyomesh Shah, managing director of Hubtown spoke about latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See 50% topline growth in FY15: Hubtown
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar, Vyomesh Shah, managing director of Hubtown spoke about latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Post your opinion here
 
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar, Vyomesh Shah, managing director of  Hubtown spoke about latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview
Reema: Have things improved on the ground; will FY15 be better for your company Hubtown as compared to FY14?
A: FY15 looks definitely far better than FY14. The improvements have started coming in this quarter itself. The numbers are showing very improvement, the sales enquires have increased a lot, footfalls have increased a lot. We see lot of movement happening after the change of government at Central level.
Sumaira: Can you tell us what are the exact projects that will come in for revenue recognition this year?
A: We have on going around seven to eight projects and in next quarter with subject to availability of certain key permissions we will be launching around five to six more projects also in residential sector.
Reema: Are real estate prices on the uptrend or do you expect them to stay as they are?
A: Real Estate prices will go up slowly keeping in view with the increase input cost which has gone up drastically and especially in Mumbai the input cost of the permissions, the premiums which we have to pay to the government and the Municipal Corporation has gone up substantially, so keeping inline with that there will be slow increase in sale prices too.
Sumaira: You are heavily concentrated in Maharashtra, 93 percent of your projects are in Maharashtra and that too predominantly in Mumbai suburbs, there is this little bit of work that you do in Gujarat. Are you looking at expanding to fresh cities given the kind of opportunity that tier II cities could be throwing up?
A: We have enough inventory which to be constructed over next two years in Mumbai city and around Mumbai city. So we don't really intend to go outside Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) region in next at least in FY15 up to mid of FY16.
Reema: When you say FY15 will be better could you give us few numbers in terms of what the revenues will be for the company and also how much is the company planning to launch in terms of square of meters?
A: The revenue growth can be anywhere higher by 50 percent to above depending upon the location of the project because now the projects which are at rightly located are doing extremely well and the demands have started flowing in. I see topline improving by more than 50 percent in next year.
Sumaira: You also have some special economic zones (SEZ) I think IT SEZs. Can you tell us what kind of contribution they make to your top line?
A: We have already completed whatever we had begun with. We have one more special economic zones (SEZ) coming up within the heart of the Mumbai city which will be the only SEZ available within the Mumbai city and MMR region. Once we launch it we plan to do much better in that also because that would be the only alternative available for any company who want to set up in Mumbai city in an SEZ.
Reema: What's the current debt on Hubtowns book and is there any plan to pare it down?
A: We have comfortably placed in debt numbers compared to our stock and our valuation and every thing. We are not even 0.8 ratios wise in the debt equity ratio. So we feel that we are at a very reasonable level of debt, we are able to service them and we are of course taking steps to pare it down also and that is what we are doing.
Hubtown stock price
On November 21, 2014, Hubtown closed at Rs 123.80, up Rs 0.20, or 0.16 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 207.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 95.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.62 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 232.65 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.53.
RELATED NEWS

TRAI seeks views to accelerate use of broadband servicesSep 24, 2014, 07.39 PM IST  | Source: PTI
TRAI seeks views to accelerate use of broadband services
"The objective...is to discuss issues contributing to the poor broadband penetration in India and solicit stakeholders' views on actions required to be taken both by the Government and the service providers to accelerate the proliferation and use of broadband in the country," TRAI said in a consultation paper.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TRAI seeks views to accelerate use of broadband services
"The objective...is to discuss issues contributing to the poor broadband penetration in India and solicit stakeholders' views on actions required to be taken both by the Government and the service providers to accelerate the proliferation and use of broadband in the country," TRAI said in a consultation paper.
Post your opinion here
 
In order to boost availability of broadband services, telecom regulator TRAI today sought views from the public on ways to accelerate proliferation and use of high speed internet services in the country.
"The objective...is to discuss issues contributing to the poor broadband penetration in India and solicit stakeholders' views on actions required to be taken both by the Government and the service providers to accelerate the proliferation and use of broadband in the country," TRAI said in a consultation paper.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has also invited views on timeline to auction 700 megahertz band, most premium spectrum available for telecom services. In the consultation paper, the regulator has sought views on the way cost of deploying various broadband technologies can be reduced, measures required to encourage content service providers to host content in the data centre situated within India,issues in laying optical fibre, freeing spectrum bands for Wi-Fi technology etc.
The paper has been floated to meet objectives of National Telecom Policy 2012.
The policy has set a target to "provide affordable and reliable broadband-on-demand by  he year 2015 and to achieve 175 million broadband connections by the year 2017 and 600 million by the year 2020 at minimum 2 Mbps download speed and making available higher speeds of at least 100 Mbps on demand".
Against a target of achieving 175 million broadband connections by 2017, 60.87 million have been achieved while total internet connections in the country now stands at about 252 million.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra Assembly Polls: Six aspirants file nominations in Nagpur on Wednesdaymore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Government begins revision of skill development policySep 24, 2014 at 08:02pm IST
Government begins revision of skill development policy
3
0
New Delhi: Terming skill development and entrepreneurship "critical" for developing youth as productive workforce, the government today said that it has initiated the process of revising the National Policy on Skill Development.
The government has also directed the National Skill Development Agency (NSDA) to create a web portal where persons interested in developing skills can register themselves. "Skill Development and Entrepreneurship are critical for developing the youth as a productive workforce. We have initiated the process to revise the National Policy on Skill Development 2009," Sarbananda Sonowal, Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship said.
He said that opinions are being obtained from various ministries and once that is done, a draft policy will be placed on the Ministry's website inviting comments from the public and other stakeholders.
The government has also directed the National Skill Development Agency (NSDA) to create a web portal where persons interested in developing skills can register themselves.
#tracking the modi government #national policy #skill development #nsda
Stating that his Ministry will work to expand and strengthen Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) and NSS, Sonowal said that "punarjagaran" (rejuvenation) is a major initiative from NYKS that will create a youth movement all over the country over the next one year.
"This initiative will mobilise about 150 million youths, inspire youth all over the country and make a significant contribution to the task of nation-building," he said. The focus of the government is on youth-led development and so it plans to introduce "National Young Leaders Programme" for developing leadership qualities among the youth, he said.
"NYKS youth clubs shall be enabled to evolve as neighbourhood youth Parliament to get the village youth actively involved in governance process. This will inculcate the spirit of dignity of labour and community service and develop the personality of 1.67 crore youths," he said.
Elaborating about the Committee of Secretaries which was set up for rationalisation of government schemes, Sonowal said that his Ministry has got its report and it will be placed on Ministry's website for stakeholder comments during October 1-15 this year.
"After considering all these comments, we intend to have the rationalised scheme notified by the end of December 2014," he said. He also said that Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) has also been asked to use its network to reach out to youths and explain about the skill development initiatives.
"Mobilisation of candidates is identified by all stakeholders as a major issue. I have directed the NSDA to create a web portal where all persons interested in getting skill development training can be registered.
"I have also asked the NYKS to use its network of 2.77 lakh youth clubs to reach out to the youth and explain skill development initiatives. "The youth clubs will be helping the youth to register on the NSDA website which will go live on October 1, 2014," Sonowal said.
NYKS and NSS will also play a key role under "Swachh Bharat Abhiyan" through mass awareness and mobilisation across the country and to fulfill Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision.
0

Bhutan King Jigme Khesar condoles J&K flood death and devastationSep 24, 2014 at  08:02pm IST
Bhutan King Jigme Khesar condoles J&K flood death and devastation
5
0
Srinagar: King of Bhutan Jigme Khesar has expressed his condolences over the loss of life and property due to the devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir.
"His Excellency Jigme Khesar, King of Bhutan, has written to Jammu and Kashmir Governor NN Vohra to convey his deepest condolences to the people of Jammu and Kashmir for the loss of hundreds of lives and injuries and damage to property due to calamitous floods and landslides in the state," an official spokesman said.
"It was with the greatest unhappiness that I received news of the calamitous floods and landslides in Jammu and Kashmir, which has resulted in the loss of hundreds of lives, as well as injuries and damage to property," the Bhutanese
The King wished the bereaved families the strength and fortitude to navigate the difficult time.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #india #bhutanm bhutan king
King wrote.
"Please accept my deepest condolences to the people of Jammu and Kashmir. We offer our prayers for those who have lost their lives, and that the ongoing rescue operations succeed in bringing relief to those who are still stranded,"
the King added.
The King wished the bereaved families the strength and fortitude to navigate the difficult time. The Governor has replied to the King of Bhutan to thank him for his concern.
6

Hope government will devise relief plan: Birla on coal blocks order5
0
Mumbai: Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla on Wednesday said that the Union Government should ensure that the massive investments made by the companies to acquire coal blocks do not go down the drain following Supreme Court's order cancelling the mine permits.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"The government should have an alternative (plan) as a lot has been invested.... Hope to learn about the government's action plan in the near future," Birla said on the sidelines of the company's 55th annual general meeting (AGM) held.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
He also said he was sure that the government had a plan ready to tackle the issues arising out of the court's order.
0

Home Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From People s Bank AccountsHome Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From People's Bank Accounts
Reuters
Updated:
09/24/2014 11:59 pm EDT
This Aug. 14, 2012 file photo shows a Home Depot store in Nashville, Tenn. On Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014, the home improvement retailer said that it's looking into "unusual activity" and that it's working with both banks and law enforcement after suspicions of a credit card data breach. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
(Reuters) - Data breach at home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc
has led to fraudulent transactions across the United States, draining cash from customer bank accounts, the Wall Street Journal said.
Criminals are using stolen card information to buy prepaid cards, electronics and even groceries, the Journal said, citing people familiar with the matter.
Financial institutions also are stepping up efforts to block the transactions by rejecting them if they appear unusual, the daily said.
Earlier this month, Home Depot confirmed its payment systems were breached and said some 56 million payment cards were likely compromised in a cyberattack at its stores, suggesting the hacking attack at the home improvement chain was larger than last year's unprecedented breach at Target Corp
.
Home Depot had said customers who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, suggesting the breach extended through the busy summer season.
(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bangalore)
More:

Amul jumps to rank 15thin IFCN listingAmul jumps to rank 15th in IFCN listing
Our Bureau
Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation, which sells Amul brand of milk products ranked 15th in the world in the International Farm Comparison Network
Ahmedabad, Sept 24,
Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), which sells Amul brand of milk products ranked 15th among the top dairy organisations in the world in the International Farm Comparison Network (IFCN) – a global dairy knowledge organisation.
Amul has been emerged as the fastest growing dairy organisation as it jumped from the rank of 20 in 2012 to the current slot of 15th in terms of milk procurement and turnover per kg milk.
The milk cooperatives federation expects the average milk procurement to remain around 155 lakh liters per day (LLPD) for the year 2014-15. “Milk procurement will increase by 15 per cent this year against last year. This is because of better pricing given to the farmers,” R S Sodhi, Managing Director, GCMMF told BusinessLine.
Sodhi attributed the growth in milk procurement to 33 lakh farmers, who are associated with GCMMF.
The federation, which reported annual turnover of Rs 18,150 crore for 2013-14, eyes to touch Rs 22,000 crore turnover this fiscal, showing a growth of about 21 per cent.
“The growth is in line with our four-year average growth. Last year was exceptional with higher sales including exports at Rs 530 crore. This year exports will be lower than last year,” added Singh.
Among the other top-ranked dairy organisations in the IFCN list included multi-national majors like Dairy Farmers of America - USA, Fonterra Cooperative Group - New Zealand, Nestle – Switzerland, Danone – France among others.
In spite of India being largest producer of milk in the world, its largest dairy brand, Amul figures much lower in the IFCN list as compared to other international players. “This is mainly because of Amul being primarily present in India and its operations mainly focused in Gujarat,” Sodhi said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

KCR asks PM to retain rice levyKCR asks PM to retain rice levy
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 24:  
The Telangana Government has appealed to the Union Government not to reduce the rice mill levy from 75 per cent to 25. Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking him to take up the issue with the Department of Food and Public Distribution to address the issue.
The levy mandates the rice millers to sell a fixed quantity of the rice they process to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) or to State agencies at the minimum support price (MSP). They can sell the remaining commodity in the open market. The idea is to protect the farmers from the market vagaries.
“We have been told that the Department has decided to reduce the levy from the 2014-14 kharif marketing season itself. If it is not to retain the earlier levels, please ensure that the levy is put at 50 per cent,” the Chief Minister pointed out.
“We have already written to the Secretary in the department and to the Union Ministry for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public distribution asking them not to reduce the levy,” he said.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Jaiprakash says hydropower deal with Reliance Power called offJaiprakash-Reliance Power hydroprojects deal called off
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 21:34 IST
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash Group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur said in the statement.
JPVL has a generation base of 1,700 MW hydro power (1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1,160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
A Reliance Power spokesperson said, "Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MW."
In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
Currently, Reliance Power has hydroelectric power projects aggregating over 5,000 MW under development, of which 4,200 MW are located in Arunachal Pradesh, 700 MW in Himachal Pradesh and 400 MW in Uttarakhand.

Chidambarams car stopped at Gujarat High Cout entrance for not bearing entrystickerPrint
Written by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:35 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 9:02 pm
Former Union Home and Finance minister P Chidambaram’s car was stopped at the entrance of Gujarat High Court on Wednesday morning for not bearing the mandatory entry sticker. He was made to walk from the entrance till the court after a lawyer objected to his car not having the sticker of the HC Bar Association, which was mandatory for lawyers to enter the court without a pass.
Chidambaram arrived at the entrance gate at around 11 am to appear in a case representing BG Gas Exploration and Production India Limited challenging an assessment order of Gujarat government’s sales tax department in 2010. The sales tax department has levied taxes on the company said to be Rs.800 crore per year which has been challenged in the HC.
Advocate Yatin Oza who is the president of the Gujarat High Court Advocates association, arrived at the same, his car following Chidambaram’s. According to security guards present at the spot, Oza objected to entry of the car before him since it did not have the sticker for advocates practicing at the HC.
“I don’t know whether the car belonged to Chidambaram. I did object to two cars entering the court that didn’t have the sticker. I was also in a hurry. Had I known that the car belonged to Chidambaram, I would have welcomed him,” Oza said when asked about the incident.
Eyewitnesses present at the spot said that Chidambaram had to leave the car at the spot itself. His car took a u-turn while he walked towards the court. There were no security personnel with him. Senior police officials said that Chidambaram came as a private lawyer who did not inform the government, therefore, no security was arranged.
Chidambaram refused to comment on the incident when approached by The Indian Express
Chidambaram argued his case before the division bench of justices Harsha Devani and Sonia Gokani for the whole day. The arguments will be continued on Thursday as well. After the court’s proceeding got over Chidambarm walked till the entrance and got in the private cars belonging to hotel Courtyard Marriott which was waiting outside the entrance.
While leaving the court several journalists surrounded Chidambaram for his opinion on the functioning of Prime Minister Narendra Modi led government, however, he remained unresponsive.

JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate armsSep 24, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JPVL drops hiving off 2 hydel projs into separate arms
JPVL said  talks with ADAG for sale of hydro assets was called off on regulatory uncertainties. Meanwhile, Reliance Power said the talks were off due to tariff issues.
Post your opinion here
 
Jaiprakash Power Ventures  Ltd will not be hiiving off its two hydel projects into separate wholly-owned subsidiaries.  JPVL had earlier planned to hive off Karcham Wangtoo and Baspa II into separate subsidiaries.
The company is part of diversified Jaypee group. "The draft Scheme of Arrangement for hiving off Baspa-II and Karcham Wangtoo Hydro Electric projects of the company to two separate wholly owned subsidiaries... has been dropped," JPVL said in a regulatory filing today.
For the scheme of arrangement, the company had received approval of the exchanges on June 13. The 300 MW Baspa II and 1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo projects are among those that are proposed to be sold by Jaypee group to  Reliance Power in a Rs 12,000-crore deal.
Both projects are located in Himachal Pradesh. Shares of the company declined nearly six per cent to close at Rs 13.65 on the BSE.
Jaiprakash Pow stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jaiprakash Power Ventures closed at Rs 13.90, down Rs 0.21, or 1.49 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 26.63 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 92.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 21.54 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.65.
RELATED NEWS

Robert Erikson and Christopher WlezienLoad More
About
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix”, a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House for the newspaper and Web site. Chris has appeared as a guest on NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, Fox News Channel and CNN to talk politics. He lives in Virginia with his wife and sons.
Most Read

Wall Street rises modestly after testing support levelWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

India basks in success of Mars MissionIndia basks in success of Mars Mission
SC s coal block ruling to enable fresh start: GovtSC s coal block ruling to enable fresh start: Govt
CII congratulates ISRO for creating historyCII congratulates ISRO for creating history
Vodafone India reinforces commitment to SustainabilityVodafone India reinforces commitment to Sustainability
India in biggest bull mkt ever; midcaps to outperform: HSBCIndia in biggest bull mkt ever; midcaps to outperform: HSBC
India s crude oil production dips 4.9% to 3.024 million tonnes in August 2014India s crude oil production dips 4.9% to 3.024 million tonnes in August 2014
US strikes hit IS group staging area in SyriaUS strikes hit IS group staging area in Syria
Judicial custody of Syndicate Bank ex-MD extendedJudicial custody of Syndicate Bank ex-MD extended
NPPA Powers Not Withdrawn Press NoteNPPA Powers Not Withdrawn Press Note
Titan to shortly re-start gold deposit schemeTitan to shortly re-start gold deposit scheme
Cocoa market hit by Ebola fear factorCocoa market hit by Ebola fear factor
By Emiko Terazono
Spreads on contract widen as traders hold on to their beans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/553bc5ac-3f46-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heaven is a place called SurajkundShutterstock
Rishi Pipariya
I just didn’t want to return to the grime and grind of urban India. And I left with a heavy bag and a heavier heart, promising myself that I will return
Ispent an incredible week in Surajkund recently — it was my first trip there. You may know it — it’s a beautifully rugged place up north, even further north than Delhi and Faridabad. It was peak summer, a bit colder than I expected, and while I saw a fair number of foreigners, it didn’t seem to be very popular with our domestic tourists. That was kind of surprising because Surajkund offers virtually everything that we could want. Starting with excellent cuisine — Indian as well as international options — with some great vegetarian restaurants. Complemented by numerous bars serving a wide range of awesome beers and whiskies. For the ‘trigger-happy’, there are stunning locales, mountains, lakes and rolling farmlands. For the history buffs, Surajkund has centuries of war, peace and passion buried in its dilapidated forts and proud castles. And while I know little about golf, inherently failing to appreciate why anyone should strive to be ‘below par’ in anything, some of the courses are truly world-class.
Most of all, I was overwhelmed by the people; they don’t give strange looks and attitudes to visitors — you know, the mocking glances that some north Indians give to south Indians and vice versa or the perpetual tussle between the west and the east. Here, they don’t seem to care which direction one comes from, or if one has black, blonde or purple hair. They are equally welcoming and courteous to all.
I experienced instance after instance of heart-warming graciousness. A friend dropped a wallet in a grocery store; a stranger found it, saw a bank credit card in it and dropped it off at the nearest branch of that bank. The bank teller got her contact information from the system, traced her and returned it, everything intact. I got into a taxi, wanting to go to Point A, but somewhere along the way the driver realised that he had erred and was instead taking me to Point B. He discreetly switched off the meter, turned around and drove me to the correct destination, not charging me one extra paisa than what the original journey would have cost. And at the tiny local airport, I came across an ‘honesty box’ — an unmanned, unlocked cupboard filled with snacks, soft drinks, knick knacks and a price list. Travellers could help themselves to whatever they wanted and leave the correct payment in a small container. No checks and balances; everyone seemed to be adhering to their own personal honour code.
It was absolutely refreshing to discover such a fascinating destination and I just didn’t want to return to the grime and grind of urban India. And I left with a heavy bag and a heavier heart, promising myself that I will return to relive the beauty, culture and warmth of charming Surajkund. Surajkund? Did I say Surajkund? This damned auto-correct feature. I meant Scotland.
(Rishi Piparaiya is the author of Aisle Be Damned)
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

The new and confident Indian customerDamodar Mall, CEO of Value Retail at Reliance
SupermarketWala Secrets to winning consumer India. Damodar Mall. Random House. Non-fiction.
The inside story of modern retail in India, the opportunities and the challenges for the seller
From Hindustan Unilever to the Future Group, Damodar Mall has worked with some of India’s biggest customer-facing companies. The CEO of Value Retail at Reliance jots down his experiences in modern retail and much more in SupermarketWala — an attempt to decode today’s “confident Indian customer”. In conversation with BLink, he discusses the opportunities and challenges in the Indian market, and what goes into making a successful SupermarketWala. Edited excerpts:
What prompted you to write this book?
I write an invitation blog for Forbes India and my publishers found me there. They said my thoughts, and way of writing, are shareable on a much bigger scale and that’s how the book happened. As I say in the book, I was not meant to write. I sell stuff as my day job. And I do share things about modernising retail from a customer-centric view, unlike the usual square feet, supply chain and investment narrative. Kishore Biyani says in the preface: “Someone needs to give the new modern retail phenomenon a vocabulary of understanding.” The book is born out of the need to offer today’s observations and insights on the confident Indian customer to people coming to the consumer goods and retail sector.
Has the Indian customer evolved or have her shopping preferences remained the same over the last two decades?
The one constant thing is that the consumer is always changing, with growing purchasing power and aspirations. Brand owners and retailers are unable to keep pace with consumers — the kind of products, the manner in which they are sold and the way services are designed.
In urban India, every six or seven years, incomes are doubling. That is opening up opportunities everywhere. Products, people and retailers need to be more imaginative to keep pace with what the consumer is ready for. Also, most products and services get designed for the salaried, ‘credit card’ India, and leave out the large and moneyed self-employed — Gold Collared — segment.
What advantages do regional retailers like D-Mart have over national chains?
The food preferences in India vary so much that it is sometimes simpler to do a regional and higher density set of stores, as it keeps your variables lower. But in terms of size of opportunity, there is not much difference. One can take either a density strategy or a pan-India strategy for retail. The difference is in management bandwidth and risk appetite. If I am a large corporate, then I may be able to handle pan-India in, say, the top 30 markets. But if I am a new player starting from scratch, and it is my only business, the simpler I keep it, the better it is. It is an internal choice and not market-driven. Every region of India will be as big as many countries in terms of market size.
What is the perfect recipe for a successful supermarket?
Worldwide, some of the largest food-led value retail chains tend to be local. It is not about local ownership but about tuning into the local customers. I call India not just an emerging but also a very assertive market, especially about her food preferences. Those who start by saying ‘the customer is right and I will serve her’ are likely to be in a better place with a shorter learning curve than those who start by saying ‘I know what modernity is going to be eventually and I will start from there’. They will have a steeper learning curve.
Does the book provide the gist of your experiences at retail chains or does it go beyond that?
It is definitely beyond my roles and experience spanning Hindustan Unilever and modern retail. It draws from the outcome of various consumer studies. Beyond the consumer end of modern retail, SupermarketWala looks at building brands, and the impact of change on small vendors and on associates working in modern retail stores. There are lakhs whose lives modern retail touches in a way that the rest of the economy cannot. The book is written in my SupermarketWala mode and is not just about the jobs I have been in.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

A world without Bitcoins will soon be unimaginableTweet
A bestselling author on the future of finances and churning out a novel a year
Ravi Subramanian is a banker by profession and a bestselling author by passion. His latest book God is a Gamer moves from Washington DC to Delhi and spins a tight yarn around Bitcoins — the currency of the future — and its potential.
Is your latest book the world’s first Bitcoin thriller?
When I sent the manuscript to my publisher, I was told that while there were many books on Bitcoins, there hasn’t been a single thriller. Though it was not intended, God is a Gamer turned out to be a trendsetter in more ways than one. To me, the world of Bitcoins is an ideal backdrop for a thriller. Anonymity, frauds, hacking, internet, virtual currency, assassinations, upheavals… can you think of a better environment for a thriller? When I read about WikiLeaks taking on the might of the American administration using Bitcoins in 2011, my mind was made up. A thriller, with Bitcoin as the backdrop, had to be written.
What is the scope for the currency in the coming years?
Bitcoin as a concept is fabulous. Satoshi Nakamoto, its elusive founder, will be thrilled at the way it has caught on. Right now, it’s all about the dark side of the virtual currency but that’s because scandals make for good reading. If you look beyond the conspiracy theories, there lies a concept which holds enormous potential — the capability to redefine the way we deal with money. Is it perfect? No. Can it be improved? Certainly. Bitcoins, or for that matter, an improved form of a virtual currency is the future. It’s at a stage of evolution where the internet was 10 years ago. Five years hence, a world without Bitcoins will be unimaginable. They will put large financial corporations out of business. It is my belief that, with or without them, virtual currency will take shape.
Is writing one book a year a conscious decision?
If I had a choice, and the time, I would write more than one book a year. In the genre I write in, there is a shortage of good books. All the popular authors, be it John Grisham, Jeffrey Archer, David Baldacci or James Patterson, bring out a book or more every year. A book a year is bare minimum for me. That too is a compromise, for it is extremely difficult to keep my day job and write.
What is the least common denominator between Chetan Bhagat, Amish Tripathi, Ravinder Singh and Ravi Subramanian?
They are all successful authors who have made their mark in the Indian market — some are obviously more successful than the rest. The only thing I can say about all these authors is that they are extremely well-connected with their readers. They are not ashamed of standing up and marketing their books. They write with enthusiasm and market with a passion. Strangely, they are all MBAs and most of them are bankers, two facts that have had minimal impact on their success. As far as the least common denominators are concerned, would you ever ask that about Amitav Ghosh, Vikram Seth and Kiran Desai? Probably not, for all of them are different. Then why ask this in the context of commercial authors.
What is the common ground between banking and a thriller?
They are completely synonymous worlds. From the outside banking seems boring. But it’s not so, it’s an exciting world out there. Let me twist the question around and ask you what would it take to write a great thriller?
People, relationships, sleaze, murder, crime, fraud, money etc. Which of these is not there in a bank today? I believe, to write a corporate thriller, there can’t be a better backdrop than a bank.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Cipla: Beyond hooplaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Salesforce.com: The software and the story0
More than half of the 118 attendees this week are from the United States. The rest (in descending order) flew in from Ireland, Canada, Brazil, Australia, France, Singapore, the U.K., Japan, the Netherlands, Korea, and New Zealand. One-third are women. No newbies; everybody brings at least some sales experience — two years for small-business reps; often two decades or more for enterprise-level account execs. Competition is stiff. HR director Monika Fahlbusch boasts that Salesforce hired merely 4.5 percent of its more than 100,000 applicants last year — a lower acceptance rate than Harvard's. (Although, as at Harvard, there is a back door for legacies; 60 percent of new hires are referrals.) Many were raided from Salesforce's rivals. Among them: gray-haired John Houtsma from Denver, who left Oracle after nearly three years “for the story, the momentum,” he tells me, shouting to be heard above “Ain't No Mountain High Enough” as he and his classmates reassemble after lunch on Monday. “Everything here is just rocking.”
“Welcome to the company,” says Tony Rodoni, senior vice president of commercial and small-business sales. He's a little older than Zinger, with a lot less hair and the same liking for lavender. “We need you badly.” Rodoni gives everyone the first classroom assignment: “Brainstorm about how you would like your best-referenced customers to describe you.”
There's an awkward silence at my table as John, Sergio from São Paulo, Rachel from San Francisco, Chase from Toronto, Amy from Boston, and Mike from Cleveland regard one another. Finally someone offers, “If no one else says trusted adviser before it gets to us, I say we start with that.” Nodding all around, then more suggestions: passionate, knowledgeable, invaluable, helpful, visionary. “Storytellers,” says Amy. “Every customer I meet wants to know what the others are doing.”
Trusted adviser?
“That's one we as salespeople always want to hear, but I've never heard it,” Rodoni says in response. “I love that aspiration, but what do you have to do to hear that?” His point: A salesperson's first duty is to listen and learn, and only then presume to advise. “Eighty-five percent of salespeople don't slow down enough to really understand their customers' business,” he says. But “if all you are is responsive and helpful, then all you are is an administrative assistant.” He's got a little story about his pal the ski instructor who knows that the secret to getting a good tip and repeat business is taking students 10 percent beyond their comfort zone, no more. Customers “do not want someone who will make them inhale all of our vision in one breath,” Rodoni says, delivering the moral. “Don't be viewed as the most visionary vendor ever.”
Rodoni's last tip: “Feel the urgency to close the transaction. Get something done.” Granted, Salesforce sells a subscription product — and the quicker the close, the greater the lifetime value of the contract — but it's good advice for everyone. Don't just hunt for elephants, Rodoni says. Be like a chicken, pecking in the barnyard all day long, “never full but never hungry.”
“Welcome to Tuesday,” says Zinger, dressed for Day Two in black pinstripes and a peach shirt. "Did everybody have a good night last night? Any G-rated stories anyone wants to share?" As no one offers, Zinger volunteers: He spent the night alone in his hotel room watching movies, two tearjerkers back to back: Schindler's List and The Piano.
That surprises me. I had Zinger pegged for someone more, I don't know...reckless? He plays semiprofessional hockey back home in France. He used to be a goalie but switched to defenseman, he told me, because he likes to “hit people”; he's a metaphorical towel snapper with a talent for teasing (a defining attribute of the sales profession). But he's a family man, too, married 12 years, has two young sons, and likes movies that make him cry. My bad for misreading him, I suppose, but a light bulb glimmers: Can your customers trust you if they don't know you?
“You've probably started to recognize here at Salesforce that storytelling is very, very important,” Zinger says. “It can be the foundation of things like the corporate pitch and your interactions with your customers and prospects. It's important to weave your past experiences into your journey here at Salesforce.” Take 15 minutes, Zinger says. Construct a personal timeline. “Tell us who you are.”
“I'm Chantelle,” says a dark-haired young woman, one of several recruits who volunteer to stand and share. “I come from the Toronto office. I'm a sales rep. My story starts out with a dead face.” With that, she has the crowd's attention. But she's just getting started. When she was 18, still in high school, Chantelle was found to have an absurdly rare and deadly tumor. It stole the sight in one eye and the hearing in one ear. (“If I don't see you or hear you, don't take it personally,” she says.) She was a Make-A-Wish child. But she beat the odds, earned her college degree, traveled the world, became a Make-A-Wish grantor. “And now,” she concludes, “I'm at my dream job.”
Whoa. Who else can tell such a tale? But stories — personal stories, company stories, customer success stories — are powerful tools. They reach customers in ways that detailed offers and explanations can't. When it comes to overcoming objections — “I don't want my data in the cloud…I can't afford this…I need features you don't offer…replacing my legacy system is too much trouble” — stories can be the most powerful tool a salesperson has. “When faced with objections, we always relate it back to a customer story,” says Greg Gsell, a Salesforce senior marketing manager. “I implore you to go out there and learn customer stories. Listen to the stories. Learn them. Internalize them.”

Mangalyaan enters Mars sphere of influenceMangalyaan enters Mars’ ‘sphere of influence’
Our Bureau
On track to position itself to go around the red planet
Bangalore, September 22:  
Firing the 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor on Monday afternoon positioned India’s Mars Orbiter in the ‘Entry into Sphere of Influence of Mars’.
This means the Mangalyaan is on the right path to position itself to go around Mars.
Scientists at India Space Research Organisation’s Mission Operations Complex, Peenya, Bangalore, carried out a set of commands — the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and the test-firing of the main liquid engine.
The duration of the firing of engine was 3.968 seconds and fuel consumption was 0.567 kg and trajectory corrected to 2.142 m/s. Now the stage is set for the D-Day — September 24 — for the final crucial manoeuvre to place the Orbiter in the Mars orbit.
An ISRO statement said, “Our navigators’ calculations show that Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) has entered the Gravitational Sphere of Influence of Mars. The orbiter was within 5.4 lakh km radius of the Mars’ Gravitational Sphere of Influence.”
On a 666-million km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity on December 1 last. In the last lap on September 24, the Orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second to be captured by the Mars orbit. The engine will be fired for 24 minutes on that day to reduce its velocity and the insertion into the Martian orbit.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Creating a cloud of privacy and securityCreating a cloud of privacy and security
K Giriprakash
KAMESWARAN SUBRAMANIAN, Founder of ParaBlu
ParaBlu’s solution allows enterprises to store encrypted data with their existing public cloud services
In this age of 24/7 business, companies are turning to cloud-based file-sharing and synchronisation (FSS) tools. Now what’s that? They allow users to share files as well as sync them seamlessly from anywhere on any device. While this is a happy scenario to be in, on the downside, it allows users to control another user’s data and that opens the possibility of tampering.
“That is scary because you are opening yourself to major security risks that can damage your company’s reputation and might even kill your business,” says Kameswaran Subramanian, founder of ParaBlu.
Unlike most who saw it as a threat, Kamesh, who built a career on security and data privacy, saw it as a business opportunity. “We realised that if we could provide a cloud-based enterprise FSS wrapped in iron-clad security and data privacy, it could find more takers.”
Kamesh’s quest led to ParaBlu, a secure cloud-based EFSS solution. It packs features that established cloud services such as Dropbox, Box and Google Drive are yet to roll out. But ParaBlu’s biggest leverage came from a rare insight into how enterprise consumers view EFSS.
Dropbox-like services
“We saw that public cloud services like Dropbox were becoming popular among individuals but companies viewed them suspiciously because there was no real layer of security and privacy required by businesses,” says Kamesh.
In one of the brain-storming sessions, the team came up with the idea that would finally deliver the answer to Kamesh’s question: Why not allow businesses to use their existing storage mechanisms such as on-premise NAS (network attached storage) and public cloud services such as Dropbox but encrypt the data which only a ParaBlu client can unlock. “This was a great moment for us. We had to think harder to uncover an obvious answer,” says Kamesh.
ParaBlu’s on-premise client gateway plugs into existing infrastructure and allows businesses to store encrypted data with their existing public cloud services such as Dropbox, Google Drive and Microsoft OneDrive. “ParaBlu’s terms clearly specify that the customer’s data are his own,” Kamesh adds.
Today, ParaBlu acts as a gateway to anything outside an enterprise’s protected data environment. It offers full back-up and archival services, and complete security and privacy. ParaBlu solutions can run on bare-metal machine or a cloud virtual machine. They have the potential to be a game-changer for companies looking to move to a hybrid cloud model without compromising privacy and security.
Kamesh, a BTech in computer science from Amrita Institute of Technology and an executive MBA at IIM Bangalore, has worked for MNCs such as IBM, Bosch and Nokia. He was head of engineering for a start-up developing products for Swiss banks and this re-emphasised the importance of privacy and security.
Big challenge
The biggest challenge Kamesh saw was that “data privacy” was not taken seriously in India; companies were ignorant of the risks of an un-secure cloud. Often enterprises preferred to simply shun the cloud instead of getting embroiled in unknown risks.
“I love building products,” says Kamesh. Founding ParaBlu by attracting the best of talent from large corporations paying big salaries was not easy for the start-up. But pieces did fall into place.
“It has been a wonderful journey so far,” Kamesh recalls. “We started the company couple of years ago with an idea. We started beta testing with live customers and spent considerable time in refining the product.”
But why has ParaBlu made it where other products have failed? “I have been in IT for a decade and have seen some of the finest products fail because they don’t solve the customer’s problem. Businesses do not want IT products – they want solutions for their pain-points,” says Kamesh.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

The importance of being a venture capital investment managerThe importance of being a venture capital investment manager
G SABARINATHAN
Tweet
The limited life of the fund makes the VC fund manager transmit the pressure of time-bound performance on to the entrepreneur that he funds.
The venture capital investment management model is perhaps one of the most significant developments of contemporary finance. Although not without its share of controversy, its success has spawned a huge amount of academic research.
One strand of research has focused on if the organisation of the venture capital fund has contributed in any way to its extraordinary success. And, if so, how?
How it is organised
To answer this question let us see how a venture capital fund is organised. Investors in a venture capital fund pool their funds into a vehicle specially constituted for this purpose. These vehicles, which are not different from a mutual fund scheme, are organised as limited liability partnerships (LLPs).
The investors, also referred to as Limited Partners (LPs), and the SPV then enter into a contract with a team of investment professionals to manage these funds. The investment team is often referred to as a General Partner (GP) although the outfit may not always be organised as partnerships.
The GP sources investment opportunities, evaluates them, structures the investment, draws up investment contracts with the enterprise it intends to fund, provides post investment oversight to the funded ventures, liquidates their investment by selling their shares in the venture at the appropriate time and distributes the proceeds to LPs.
The SPVs have a finite life of typically 7 or 10 years. This essentially means that the GP has to complete all its responsibilities starting from investing the funds to returning the funds to the investor, all within the 7 or 10 years as the case may be.
Clearly that is a lot of hard work. Contrast this with a fund manager who invests in shares of companies that are listed for trading on a stock exchange. He is helped along by regulations that mandate companies to disclose a lot of information. Regulations also help by mandating that companies are properly governed.
So what is there in it for VC fund managers to take up the challenge of early-stage investing? It is clearly the financial incentives. VC fund managers receive a generous fixed annual fee of two per cent of the capital that they manage for meeting their operating expenses and salaries.
In addition, VC fund managers also receive 20 per cent of the capital appreciation that they generate. The more successful the investments, the higher the capital gains! It establishes a direct link between what the manager does for his investors and his own financial fortunes.
Rule of VC fund managers
It is the pursuit of these fortunes that makes VC fund managers add value to the entrepreneur by spending time with the funded enterprise, mine his network of contacts for making introductions to prospective customers, helping recruit critical talent, advising on strategy and occasionally taking the unpleasant decision to fire the founder from the CEO’s job or even pull the plug on funding. Academics also argue that the limited life of the fund makes the VC fund manager transmit the pressure of time-bound performance on to the entrepreneur that he funds. The rapid growth of VC funded enterprises may be partly attributed to this pressure.
While these incentives are believed to be at the centre of the phenomenal success that VC has been, it should be apparent that it can lead to occasional conflicts between the interests of the VC fund manager and the entrepreneur.
Countering these perverse aspects of the structure and incentives of the VC fund organisation is the importance of reputation capital that the VC fund manager needs to accumulate. A positive reputation helps the fund manager attract good quality entrepreneurs to invest in, which in turn helps build a portfolio of successful investments.
It also attracts capital from investors and thus helps the VC fund manager remain in the business of managing one fund after another.
It is important to understand this specialised nature of the VC fund management business before a government can embark on funding interventions to boost entrepreneurship. Ironically, it is a point that is lost on most policy planners!
The writer is Chairperson, NS Raghavan Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning at IIM Bangalore. Views expressed are his own.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

PE deals  Telecom  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on September 22  2014PE deals, Telecom, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 22, 2014
Tue Sep 23 2014, 12:25 hrs
Megers and acquisitions PE deals (August 2014). Graph: PTI
Telecom tale (as on July 31, 201). Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. In lacklustre trade, the Indian rupee today closed one paisa down at 60.82 against the US dollar on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.85 a dollar from previous close of 60.81. It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor fall of one paisa. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. Ignoring weak global markets, the benchmark Sensex today reversed initial losses and closed up with a gain of over 116 points at two-week high of 27,206.74 on the back of buying in blue-chips like ITC and ONGC. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. The 30-share BSE Sensex resumed lower following weak Asian cues and dropped to a low of 26,918.93, revealing a fall of over 170 points from previous close. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. After mid-session, the index rebounded on buying in select key counters to settle with a gain of 116.32 points or 0.43 per cent at 27,206.74, a level not seen since September 9, 2014 when it had settled at 27,265.32. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold continued its downtrend at the domestic bullion market here today on reduced demand from retail consumers amid bearish global cues. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

Scotland vote - do business and politics mixShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Scotland vote - do business and politics mix?
Sep 22, 2014 : Questions have been raised about business leaders making anti-independence statements during the Scottish referendum campaign. Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor, and Jonathan Guthrie, City editor, debate whether political engagement by businesses is acceptable.

India needs to move fast to addressissues that inhibit investment: Rajeev Suri  CEO  Nokia CorpRajeev Suri, CEO, Nokia
Rajeev Suri, CEO, Nokia
After selling its mobile phone business to Microsoft, Nokia Corporation named New Delhi-born Rajeev Suri as its CEO and President in May this year. The appointment was seen as a reward for Suri's contribution in turning around Nokia's telecom networks business globally. He is now been entrusted with the task of charting out the future road map for brand Nokia which was until now known for its handsets. Suri replied to a wide ranging questions from Business Line via email including the fate of the phone manufacturing factory in Chennai, opportunities in India, new business areas for Nokia and the challenges ahead.
What would be your key focus areas in driving growth for Nokia going forward?
We believe Nokia and its businesses will be deeply embedded in a world where connectivity will expand massively, linking almost all people as well as hundreds of billions of physical objects, from cars, home appliances to wearables and industrial equipment. And where billions of objects are not just connected, but adaptive, intelligent and automated in ways that will improve our everyday lives.
We are focused on three businesses - Nokia Networks, HERE and Nokia Technologies - which invest in the technologies that are vital in this connected world. Each business is a leader in its respective field and has a clear strategy of targeting growth opportunities: Nokia Networks in mobile broadband, HERE in location intelligence and Nokia Technologies in driving innovation, which we and other companies can enjoy.
The transformation process which you had undertaken for Nokia Networks has paid off for the company. How do you see this being integrated with other businesses under you such as HERE?
Our goal is to optimize each of our three businesses in order to best enable them to meet their goals. Where it makes sense to do so, we will pursue shared opportunities between the businesses, but not at the expense of focus and discipline in each. Overall, our strategy is to build on these businesses in order to create long-term shareholder value.
Of course, in the world of technology, sitting still is not an option. In each of our businesses we will continue to transform to meet changing markets and business needs. I am sure that some of that transformation will involve best practices from Nokia Networks, just as it will utilize best practices from HERE and Nokia Technologies – and from outside the company as well.
How significant is the India operation for the new Nokia?
It is incredibly important for us. India has always been one of our key strategic markets - not only because of the loyal customers we had in our former mobile phones business but also because of our close relationships with telecom operators and customers in the mapping business. With over 16,000 direct and indirect employees, India is actually our biggest country in terms of the number of employees.
Pretty much every part of our business is represented in India. We work with – almost - all the leading telecom operators, and provide the networks that are used by 300 million subscribers. We also have one of India’s largest telecom equipment manufacturing facilities. Located in Chennai, it makes the entire product line including 4G technologies. Our R&D centre in Bangalore, with 4,000 researchers, who have filed several international patents, is one of Nokia’s biggest. This country is an important innovation hub for Nokia Networks, with two large global delivery centers - in Chennai and Noida - which service operators in 86 countries and manage over 250 million subscribers.
Take the case of the recent government’s vision of smart cities in India. Our HERE business already maps traffic lights, the real-time update and patterns of traffic, school zones, parking and several such elements of what a smart city requires for all major cities in India.
It is important to recognize that India is the third largest Internet market in the world, with over 200 million Internet users, and is expected to become the second largest by 2015. This growth will be primarily driven by mobile technology, particularly uptake of 3G data, which a Nokia study shows is growing well over 150% year on year. With smart phone penetration of 67 million rising at an impressive 52% per year, India is on the cusp of a technological revolution. With all of this, how could India not be incredibly important to us?
The new Government in India is focusing heavily on things like digital India, Smart cities, manufacturing clusters. Do you see a larger role for Nokia in these projects?
We are optimistic about India’s future under the new government. I personally see great potential in the ‘Digital India’ views and ideas. I believe this initiative will help India become a connected economy and address the various challenges that India faces at present, such as the limited reach of basic healthcare and education services. We are excited by these possibilities and very much plan to contribute wherever we can. As specialists in mobile broadband and one of the largest telecom equipment manufacturers in India, we are well placed to play a leading role.
Of course, to really tap the potential of Digital India and the recent “Make in India” call by the Prime Minister, the new government needs to move fast to address the regulatory and other issues that inhibit investment and job creation. Some of these issues are the creation of the previous government, but the new government has the opportunity to swiftly make things right, to the benefit of all.
Take the issue of the mobile phone factory that we still have in Chennai, which did not transfer to Microsoft. We don’t need that factory as we are no longer in the mobile phone business. We would like to sell it so India has an opportunity to have a strong mobile manufacturing ecosystem in place. Currently, however, we can’t do so as the factory has become entangled in a tax dispute – despite the fact that we have offered to put all the proceeds of a sale into an escrow account until the tax issue is resolved. While the new government did not create this situation, it is in their power to resolve it – and, we hope they do so before it is too late. Tax policy that does not include retroactive changes and that treats software sales in a way consistent with international norms would also be a very positive step.
In your first letter to Nokia employees you said the coming changes in technology will be as profound as the creation of the Internet. What are these changes you foresee?
We believe that over the coming years billions of connected devices will converge into intelligent systems with the potential to improve lives in a vast number of areas: time and availability, transportation and resource consumption, learning and work, health and wellness, and many more. Just one example is a car that tells your alarm clock to wake you up earlier than you'd set it for in order to avoid heavy traffic.
This new world of technology will require, firstly, connectivity capable of handling massive numbers of devices and exponential increases in data traffic, and, secondly, location services that seamlessly bridge the real and virtual worlds. Finally, this new world will require innovation, including in sensing, radio and low power technologies. Our vision is to be a leader over the long term in these areas.
As an Indian heading a global organization what would you like to say to managers and executives in this country who would want to try and emulate you?
During my recent visit in India, I met colleagues at our town hall and my message to them was to dare to dream big and to focus on the long term. As a growing and fast-moving company, we also need to keep the basic market realities in mind and to ensure that the business is lean and optimized for success.
Far be it from me to give lessons to others, but I am sure every manager would agree that it is important to have ambitious goals and the determination to achieve those goals.
How has India shaped Rajeev Suri the CEO and President of Nokia?
Even though I have lived abroad for a long time and I work for a global company, I still feel the connection to India very deeply. I like to think that some of the best of India remains in me. I can be focused and engaged – even driven – but humility is very important to me, both as a personal and a Nokia trait.
Are you looking at entering any new areas to leverage the consumer connect with brand Nokia?
Nokia started almost 150 years ago with just one paper mill. Over time we have repeatedly and successfully reinvented ourselves. We may not be the same Nokia of several years ago, but we are here, we are strong, and our brand is still extremely powerful. And, do we want to find ways to keep our brand in the hearts and minds of consumers? In short, absolutely yes and are already experimenting in some areas. To give just one example, we recently released a predictive launcher app on Android devices - Z launcher. The app got 100,000 activations in the beta stage itself. We have a lot of technology we can use to recreate the new Nokia on the B2B or even the B2C side through pilots, tests and learning from our experiences.
What headwinds/challenges do you see for Nokia over the next 1-2 years?
There are always challenges in a company such as ours that is present in more than 120 countries. The current Ebola crisis is just one example of such a challenge, and certainly I hope that situation becomes under control and that those who are ill are able to recover successfully.
Beyond that, I worry about the regulatory environment and whether governments around the world take the right steps to enable the billions and billions of (euros) needed to maintain investment in the networks that enable so many things – including overall economic growth. It is no secret that in recent years, there have been regulatory challenges here in India – but you are not alone. Europe, for example, is at risk of becoming a mobile network backwater as regulators struggle to create a regulatory environment that drives ongoing network investments.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Cirque du Soleil + Drones = Pure Magicreddit
Seems like Cirque du Soleil can turn just about anything into a mesmerizing performance -- even drones.
A new collaboration between Cirque du Soleil , ETH Zurich and Verity Studios features 10 quadcopters carrying out the kinds of complex synchronized dance maneuvers we usually see from the circus' famed acrobats.
But what makes this clip amazing is the one thing it doesn't feature: computer graphics.

Obama needs Mideast allies of convenienceSeptember 23, 2014 2:34 pm
Friendless Obama needs Middle Eastern allies of convenience
By Francis Fukuyama and Karl Eikenberry
British history offers the president some lessons, write Francis Fukuyama and Karl Eikenberry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec1deb3e-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can this flood wash away a painful pastCan this flood wash away a painful past?
RAHUL PANDITA
The forgotten people Kashmiri Pandits want their rights to be recognised. - Meeta Ahlawat
A natural disaster in Kashmir has brought Hindus and Muslims closer. But the wounds run very deep
Jammu and Kashmir is currently facing a severe flood crisis. In Kashmir Valley, the ferocity of the waters has led to several deaths and large-scale destruction of property. While many groups and individuals are involved in rescue and relief operations, the Indian Army has so far been the biggest saviour.
Many are now hoping that this leads to the Kashmiris looking at the Indian military personnel in a different light. Given Kashmir and its embittered history of the last 25 years, that will take much more than a rescue operation.
But the flood has seemingly achieved something else. It has brought the Kashmiri Muslims and their erstwhile neighbours, the exiled Hindu community, closer. In 1990, Islamist extremism forced Kashmiri Pandits out of a land where their ancestors had lived for thousands of years.
The Pandits, constituting less than 5 per cent of the Valley’s population in 1990, were driven out in a violent ethnic cleansing. More than 700 of them were brutally done to death.
Ignored by the state
Today, out of more than 3,50,000 Pandits, only around 3,000 remain in Kashmir Valley. The Indian state has displayed lack of strength or even unwillingness to intervene in pogroms or other forms of violence perpetrated against its various communities. This arc of injustice includes the 1984 anti-Sikh pogrom, and the 1993 and 2002 communal riots in Mumbai and Gujarat. Similarly, the state has repeatedly ignored the plight of its tribal communities in both central India and the Northeast, and has remained almost indifferent to injustices meted out to the Dalit community.
In post-flood Kashmir, at least, moderate voices are hoping that the “shared fate” (of losing home) will now result in an empathetic view of “each other” and that the Pandits and Muslims will come to some sort of understanding on how to normalise relations. Is there a possibility of justice and reconciliation in Kashmir on the lines of South Africa or Rwanda? Can the Kashmiri Pandits return to their homes, especially given that the new government at the Centre has listed it as a priority?
While most of the houses in the Valley belonging to the Pandits have been sold for a pittance under extreme duress, the return under such circumstances also involves re-establishing the neighbourly trust.
However, as Ivana Macek writes about Sarajevo, such a process is a painstaking emotional and social endeavour, something that cannot be regulated from “the above” by political agreements or well-meaning but often poorly informed outsiders.
Even if the Kashmiri Pandits were to be housed in a separate settlement, the scars of 1990 will not go. It will be difficult to forget how, in several cases, their former neighbours, friends or colleagues were directly or indirectly involved in the murder of their loved ones (and in other brutalities such as rape).
The phenomenon of personalised violence, according to the scholar Cornelia Sorabji, acquires a particular importance since “brutality is aimed at humiliating, terrorising, and killing the ‘enemy’ population in order to remove it from the territory, but also at transforming the assumptions held by both victims and perpetrators about the very nature of identity groups and boundaries in order to prevent any future return of the exiled population”.
Absolute denial
So, how can the Pandits be expected to return without getting justice? And justice, as Victoria M Esses and Richard A Venon argue, does not only mean a formal legal system but also “people’s beliefs about the fairness of a particular situation”. The unfairness of the Pandit exile is a permanent denial by their erstwhile neighbours of being responsible for or complicit in crimes committed against them, or even an acknowledgement that the exile was forced upon them. There is absolute denial, forget public remorse or asking for forgiveness.
Various Pandit narratives have also recorded passive schadenfreude by their neighbours and friends, like compelling many exiled Pandits to sell their houses during the peak of the conflict for a pittance and at a time when they were under extreme financial stress.
The process of reconciliation and justice can only begin once the two communities try and understand each other’s pain. The counter-insurgency operations in Kashmir have been deeply unpleasant. Around 17,000 civilians have died, roughly one-fourth of them at the hands of the Indian security forces. More than 8,000 persons have disappeared, and many of them are believed to have been killed by security forces as well. For many years, Kashmiris in the Valley had to suffer the humiliation of crackdowns and identification parades.
Justice denied
Over the last 25 years, instead of accepting the brutalisation of 1990, a majority of Muslims created the myth of Jagmohan, the then Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, who they claim encouraged the Pandits to leave. Myths, as Pal Kolsto, reminds us, “do not function or ‘act’ in one way or another of and by themselves: it is people who employ myths, in more or less harmful ways”.
That is why in the midst of this injustice, the Pandits’ call for justice corresponds to (as argued by Isabella Delpla): (a) a staunch denunciation of impunity; (b) a personal attempt to forgive (or both, since, according to Delpla, the two stances can be compatible); and (c) a personal refusal to use violence (but saying things like “God will take care of them” or “God has taken revenge through the flood”).
For 25 years, the Indian state has hardly shown any interest in providing justice to Kashmiri Pandits while a majority of India’s intellectuals have denied them agency. This long apathy has ensured that most of the documentary evidence of the crimes committed against them is lost. But like Eichmann’s trial in Jerusalem, eye-witness testimony can lead to what the French historian Annette Wieviorka calls the “social recognition” of their suffering.
This commemoration from below (where the focus is on the subjective and psychological needs of victims) has to be the first step in bridging the gorge between the two communities. And then justice, in a legal sense, can follow. As Kavitha Kalvakuntla, the MP from Telangana, recently demanded in the Lok Sabha, this must include putting on trial terrorists such as Farooq Ahmed Dar aka Bitta Karate, who is responsible for killing at least 20 people, most of them Pandits.
Only then can the gorge of 1990 be bridged.
The writer is senior editor of The Hindu and author of Our Moon Has Blood Clots. He is a CASI visiting fellow. This article is by special arrangement with the Center for the Advanced Study of India, University of Pennsylvania
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

India right in taking on WTO top gunsIndia right in taking on WTO top guns
Shekhar Swamy
WTO has been set up to push the agenda of open global trade, irrespective of the consequences. — Kamal Narang
Why sign the trade facilitation pact and barter away our sovereignty on food policy?
Full marks to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman for their stand with the World Trading Organisation, informing the latter that there is no deal on trade facilitation if the food security issue is not taken care of.
This issue has been widely reported with predictable reactions in the global media against India. Votaries of free trade in India with stakes in foreign flow of capital into the country have also criticised this stand, concerned that India would lose the favour of investors, although going by the recent announcements of the Japanese and Chinese that does not seem to be the case.
Having pushed back at the WTO, now what? India may have won an argument; now it must win the debate. India needs to play on the front foot, and take the discourse up to another level altogether.
India is willy-nilly placed to take a leadership role on the issue, set the context for the ongoing debate, and take the opportunity to reaffirm some incontrovertible principles to set the tone for the role of the WTO.
Push for fair trade
At the heart of India’s argument is that the WTO is not playing fair. The key issue relates to the WTO’s Agreement on Agriculture (AoA), which the developed nations put together in their favour in the 1990s. This agreement is now locked away and the developed countries are not interested in re-opening it. Under this, countries such as India have to keep product-specific (rice and wheat are the main products) food subsidy within 10 per cent of the value of total production.
Subsidy is calculated as follows: current market price less the reference price that has been set at 1986-88 levels under the AoA. Yes, the reference price goes back over 25 years!
This is utter nonsense. If the subsidy is exceeded, India faces the risk of litigation and sanctions under WTO rules.
Instead of dealing with this in a straightforward manner, the developed countries offered a peace clause during the Bali discussion in December 2013 which was, unfortunately, accepted by the UPA government.
Under this, they said that India will not face any sanctions till 2017, and a permanent solution is supposed to be found within this period. There is no recourse mentioned in case this deadline is not met (deadlines are frequently missed by the WTO), leaving India vulnerable.
The Modi government has rightly rejected this, asking that this matter be resolved now.
Sovereign rights are supreme
India should clearly articulate the following principle: that a country’s sovereign rights and obligations are paramount and cannot be sacrificed at the altar of free trade or globalisation.
This is a serious issue that every nation is struggling with. By reiterating this, India will take a global leadership stance that will be applauded.
The WTO’s workings are often at loggerheads with sovereign rights. In the current instance, the AoA is restricting India’s right to stockpile foodgrains to ensure the food security of its people.
When pushed back, the developed countries are glibly arguing that India can always import the necessary foodgrains whenever it falls short. While this serves the trading interests of western countries, it leaves India vulnerable. The argument is meaningless since India is growing adequate foodgrains to take care of its needs, and the proposed restriction on subsidy and stockpile is an artificial one.
The underprivileged
The WTO has been set up to push the agenda of open global trade, irrespective of the consequences. It is in the nature of such things that trade benefits the strong and the privileged. Indeed, the underprivileged do not even have a seat at the table.
India should reaffirm its commitment to the underprivileged and unequivocally state that it has an obligation to protect their interests even at the cost of alienating the proponents of global trade.
By making this a privileged vs underprivileged issue, India can win over the majority opinion. This argument is closely tied to the human rights issues so close to the hearts of western liberal democracies. Should there be a food crisis in India the country will be accused of violating human rights and not ensuring adequate supply of food.
And yet the very practices of the WTO in the cause of global trade may cause these human rights violations to happen — a situation that will not be acceptable to anyone.
There is another point in the ongoing debate that needs to be addressed. The western nations are saying that the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA, designed to streamline customs’ procedures and flow of goods), which India has held up, should be delinked from the issue of food subsidy and food security.
This is a self-serving argument. If the tables were turned the other way, suppose India had its way with a revised AoA and the TFA was pending, there is very little chance that one would be moved ahead without the other.
A contract must be concluded with all pending issues taken together. India is right to insist on this, as otherwise the pending matter which is of vital importance may never get resolved satisfactorily.
If India does not set the discourse, or at least significantly influence the discourse, the narrative will be taken over by interests working against India.
India has taken a bold stand. It must see this through without blinking first.
The writer is the Group CEO of RK Swamy Hansa. The views are personal
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Ebola cases could hit 1.4m by JanuaryEbola cases could hit 1.4m by January, say researchers
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76146170-4307-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mobile gaming: missing the jackpot© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3d988d4e-42b7-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Major fire halts BSE tradingTweet
september 24, 1994:  
Trading on the Bombay Stock Exchange was stopped today following a fire in the adjacent Rajabahadur Mansion. Official sources said that three persons were killed and 25 injured, of whom 10 were in serious condition. Short circuit is believed to be the cause of the fire which broke out around 1 p.m. Eyewitnesses say that the fire started on the ground floor of the building and spread upwards. Unable to find a way out, people jumped out of their offices. A BSE press release said that as smoke started affecting the persons in the ring, trading was stopped at 1-20 p.m. and the building was vacated by 1-45 p.m. However, there was no damage to P. J. Towers (which houses the BSE).
Reliance refinery capacity hike okayed
The Cabinet Committee on Foreign Investment (CCFI) has given the go-ahead to Reliance Petroleum for an increase in its refinery capacity to 15 million tonnes with a revision in capital outlay to Rs. 7,584 crores and an increase in foreign equity by Rs. 100 crores. Reliance Petroleum had earlier obtained clearance for setting up a nine-million-tonne refinery at Jamnagar in Gujarat at an estimated cost of Rs. 5,142 crores with a foreign equity of $ 100 millions.
Central excise laws simplified
The Centre today simplified Central excise laws by rescinding 95 notifications and replacing them with 11. The new provision will come into effect from October 1. An official release states that to claim rebate on export duty, there will be only the new Rule 12 against Rules 12, 12A and 191A of the Central Excise Rules. For export of goods under bond Rule 13, 191B and 191BB would be replaced by a new Rule 13.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Monsoon starts retreating from N-W as rains lash SouthMonsoon starts retreating from N-W as rains lash South
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, September 23:  
The South-West monsoon has started withdrawing from the country and exited west Rajasthan and Kutch on Tuesday, an India Met Department update said.
This is even as a remnant low-pressure area dumped heavy rain over north-east India and a renewed wet spell unfolded over parts of peninsula.
Typhoon trigger
The rains in the South from a monsoon on retreat are being bankrolled by an intense typhoon-in-making in northwest Pacific, which is initially seen hunkering down towards southeast China.
The building storm is merely waiting for predecessor ‘Fung-Wong’ to finish formalities and sign off quietly into the East China Sea off Hangzhou and Shanghai in China.
The European Centre for Medium-Term Weather Forecasts indicates that the successor storm has already taken shape off Guam.
The US Joint Typhoon Warning Centre also has put out a cyclone (typhoon) formation warning.
The European Centre expects the system to intensify rapidly and become a very strong typhoon, achieving peak strength just off Taiwan and south-east China coasts by the weekend.
Circulation forms
Both these coasts would come directly under the fury of the typhoon, which is then forecast to rebound towards South Korea and later to Japan.
It is around this time that the monsoon flows in the Arabian Sea and southwest Bay of Bengal get sufficiently churned up and converge into a circulation around peninsular tip of India and Sri Lanka.
The Met Department said earlier morning that a preparatory circulation has already formed over Lakshadweep-Maldives-Comorin area. It could descend to lower heights and move in east-southeast towards Sri Lanka and adjoining southwest Bay of Bengal.
It would send in easterly winds across the peninsula in a pattern associated with the North-East monsoon and cause moderate to heavy showers over the south from the weekend.
Rain in south
Parts of the southern peninsula have already started receiving passing showers over the past couple of days from a deep trough extending from the low-pressure area over east India.
These rains will get better organised with the formation of the circulation over south peninsula and Sri Lanka from the weekend.
The Met Department has warned of heavy rainfall over coastal Karnataka, south interior Karnataka and Kerala on Wednesday. On Thursday, the rains would spread into Tamil Nadu even as heavy rain continues over coastal and south interior Karnataka and Kerala.
The Met has mounted the outlook for rains and thundershowers to continue to lash many parts of south India, in line with forecasts made earlier by international weather models.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

US says attacks on Isis could last yearsUS says attacks on Isis could last years
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d21407a2-42c4-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Syrian rebels dismayed by US air strikes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12cd016e-4328-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yara/CF Industries: reap what you sow© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0006855c-4344-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philips: ex uno  plures© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7b712a32-4333-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tate & Lyle: hard to swallow© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/693d4016-4325-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Israeli Military Shoots Down Syrian WarplaneIsraeli Military Shoots Down Syrian Warplane Over Golan Heights
Reuters
* Israel signals plane entered its Golan airspace by mistake
* Syria civil war spillover has raised alarm in Israel
* Incident coincides with U.S.-led air campaign in Syria     (Adds Syrian confirmation, Israeli defense minister's comments)
By Maayan Lubell
JERUSALEM, Sept 23 (Reuters) - Israel shot down a Syrian  warplane on Tuesday, saying the aircraft crossed the battle  lines of Syria's civil war and flew over the Israeli-held Golan  Heights, perhaps by accident.
The incident coincided with but did not appear to be  directly related to air strikes the United States and Gulf Arab  allies mounted on Islamic State strongholds in Syria.
But it presented another challenge to Israel's oft-stated  desire to stay on the sidelines of a conflict on its northern  doorstep, in which al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front rebels took over  a border crossing on the Golan last month.
The Israeli military said its U.S.-made Patriot missile air  defense system shot down a Syrian Russian-built Sukhoi fighter  plane that had "infiltrated Israeli airspace" over the  territory, captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war.
It was the first time in three decades that Israel had  downed a Syrian warplane.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks  violence in the civil war, said the warplane had been bombing  areas outside Quneitra, a Syrian town near the Israeli-held side  of the frontier, at the time it was shot down. It said the pilot  had bailed out.
Syria described the downing of the aircraft as an act of  aggression.
Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, commenting on the  incident, said Israel "will not allow any element - neither a  state nor a terrorist group - to threaten our security and  violate our sovereignty."
Israeli military sources said the plane apparently crossed  by accident into Israeli-controlled airspace.
In his statement, Yaalon also seemed to raise that  possibility, saying Israel would respond strongly to perceived  threats "whether they stemmed from a mistake or were  deliberate."
Israel has fired into Syrian territory on numerous occasions  in response to shelling on the Golan that the military has said  was largely spillover from fighting between rebels and the  Syrian Army.
An Israeli Patriot missile destroyed a Syrian drone over the  Golan on Aug. 31. Israel last downed a manned Syrian aircraft in  1985, when Israeli fighters on a surveillance mission over  Lebanon destroyed two Syrian MiG-23s that approached them.     (Writing by Jeffrey Heller; Additional reporting by Tom Perry;  editing by Janet McBride)
Earlier on HuffPost:

Modi lines up one-on-ones with heads of top US companiesModi lines up one-on-ones with heads of top US companies
Our Bureau
During his Sept 26-30 US visit, will meet Obama twice, address UN General Assembly
New Delhi, September 23:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have personal meetings with the Chairmen of Boeing and Goldman Sachs, the CEOs of BlackRock, General Electric and KKR, and the President and CEO of IBM during his forthcoming visit to the US.
A spokesperson of the External Affairs Ministry added that during his visit, between September 26 and September 30, Modi will have a breakfast meeting with CEOs and other top officials of 11 leading companies, including the Executive Chairman of Google, the co-founder of the Carlye Group, and the CEOs of Cargill, Citi Group, Merck and Co, Caterpillar, Warburg Pincus, MasterCard and Pepsi. The meeting is scheduled for September 29. The combined market cap of these companies, excluding Warburg, is around $1.2 trillion.
In addition, the US-India Business Council will host a reception for the Prime Minister where he is expected to meet 300-400 business people, the spokesman said.
These three events are among the 35 engagements lined up for Modi during his four-day visit to the US. Modi will meet President Barrack Obama twice (on September 29 and 30), and also Vice-President Joe Biden, who will host a lunch. The lunch will also be attended by Secretary of State John Kerry. The US Secretary of Defence, Chuck Hagel, will call on the Prime Minister.
Modi will address the Indian community at Madison Square Garden on September 28. On the same day, India’s Ambassador to the US will host a dinner.
Not to meet Sharief
To a question about the possibility of a meeting between Modi and Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharief in the US, the spokesman said there were “no plans for it”.
“We see Modi’s first visit to New York and Washington as PM as a signal of India’s abiding commitment to multilateralism and of our desire to build on growing convergences in India-US ties both in areas where we can work together and in areas where we can do more for each other,” the spokesman said when asked how India views Modi’s US visit.
During his stay in New York, Modi will address the United Nations General Assembly and meet with the President of Sri Lanka and the Prime Ministers of Bangladesh and Nepal on the sidelines of the UN meeting.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Clean growth is a safe betClean growth is a safe bet in the climate casino
By Martin Wolf
With the right support from governments, a low-carbon future need not be one of perpetual misery
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfb4dcae-426c-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The epidemic the world could have stoppedSeptember 23, 2014 7:24 pm
A ravenous Ebola epidemic that the world could have stopped
By Anjana Ahuja
Surviving other globe-threatening ailments might be down to luck not competence, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29cffeaa-4334-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Editorial: Blocking the sunlightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Course Correction: Rajasthans RTE amendmentsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rocket Internet eyes6.2bn floatRocket Internet prices shares at market capitalisation of €6.2bn
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Sally Davies in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b60414a-4355-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron pushes for laws on Scottish MPsCameron pushes for ‘English votes for English laws’
By Elizabeth Rigby and Kiran Stacey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b1ec736-427f-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Let there be bubbles!Remember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Scots No starts rather than ends debateThe Scottish No vote is the start not the end of the argument
By John Kay
The fiscal settlement will not be able to survive the scrutiny it will now receive
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93d842b6-426d-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Starz meets with 21st Century Fox about possible acquisitionStarz meets with 21st Century Fox about possible acquisition
Starz and Fox meet
Getty Images
Executives with Starz, run by Chief Executive Chris Albrecht, left, and Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox have discussed a possible acquisition of the premium cable movie service.
Executives with Starz, run by Chief Executive Chris Albrecht, left, and Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox have discussed a possible acquisition of the premium cable movie service. (Getty Images)
21st Century Fox and Starz executives met to discuss a possible acquisition of the premium cable movie service
Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox may be interested in buying Starz
Executives with Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox and Starz met Tuesday to discuss a possible acquisition of the premium cable movie service, a deal that could expand Murdoch's reach into homes across the country.
Starz Chief Executive Chris Albrecht and investment bankers held the discussion with Fox executives at the company's studio lot in Los Angeles, according to three people familiar with the meeting who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to discuss the matter.
Rupert Murdoch has shared some of his thoughts on U.S. and British politics, the Scottish referendum for independence -- and why he aborted his company's $80-billion bid this summer for rival Time Warner. ( Meg James )
There is no deal yet, and none may materialize, these people said. A full acquisition of the company could be valued at more than $3.2 billion based on its share price of $29.58 Tuesday. Fox could also decide to take an ownership stake instead of buying Starz outright. Another company might instead make a deal for Starz.
Starz said in a statement that "as a public company, we do not comment on rumors or speculation."
A person familiar with the matter said that Fox took the meeting with Starz as a courtesy.
Tuesday's meeting came nearly two months after Fox abandoned its surprise summer bid for rival Time Warner.
That proposed $80-billion takeover was widely viewed as a way for Murdoch to add muscle to his media company with more valuable TV channels — particularly premium pay networks HBO and Cinemax — to better compete in a rapidly consolidating entertainment industry.
8
If Fox decides to make a play for Starz, the move would underscore Murdoch's big appetite for more distribution channels. Starz also includes the Encore movie channel. Together the two channels boast 56 million subscribers, more than Time Warner's HBO and Cinemax. It also eclipses CBS' Showtime networks.
Liberty Media Corp. in January 2013 spun off Starz and Encore into a separate publicly traded company. The spinoff, orchestrated by Liberty Chairman John Malone, was intended to streamline his company's businesses — and make Starz and Encore easily digestible for a big media or technology company that might want to swallow it.
If Fox decides to make a play for Starz, the move would underscore Murdoch's big appetite for more distribution channels. - Meg James
Since then, Starz has more than doubled its market value. The company is headquartered in Englewood, Colo., but has offices in Beverly Hills, where Albrecht is based.
Starz's revenue this year should reach nearly $1.4 billion, according to consulting firm SNL Kagan. Nearly all of its revenue comes from affiliate fees paid by pay-TV providers, including Time Warner Cable, Comcast Corp., DirecTV and Cox Communications.
Starz in recent years has been trying to establish itself with original programming. In early 2010, the company brought in Albrecht to run Starz and revitalize the brand. The goal was to establish Starz as a destination for Hollywood producers and writers, much the way that Albrecht did when he ran HBO and helped launch "The Sopranos," "Sex and the City," "Six Feet Under" and "Curb Your Enthusiasm."
0
Starz has started to gain traction with its original programming. It scored early with "Spartacus" and more recently with "Outlander," which is based on the popular fiction series by Diana Gabaldon about a World War II nurse who goes back in time to the 18th Century.
Starz also is launching a half-hour comedy executive produced by LeBron James called "Survivor's Remorse," set in the world of professional basketball.
The company has high hopes for the second season of its pirate adventure project, "Black Sails," which launches in January. It centers on the tales of Captain Flint and his men two decades before the events in "Treasure Island," the Robert Louis Stevenson classic.
"I do feel, in 2014, we've really accomplished an important goal, which is having a year-round presence in originals," Albrecht said this month at a Goldman Sachs investor conference in New York. "And what that's allowing us to do is lead into 2015 with a very strong slate of returning originals and a real plan."
Starz will spend about $670 million on programming this year, according to SNL Kagan.
The company still faces challenges filling its schedule.
One of its major movie studio suppliers, the Walt Disney Co., recently made a deal with Netflix instead of extending its partnership with Starz. That means Starz will lose its supply of fresh Disney movies by early 2017, but will have more money to spend on original programming.
Sony Pictures Entertainment extended its movie deal with Starz in an agreement that runs to 2021.
Meanwhile, Murdoch's company two years ago extended its deal to supply movies to HBO until about 2022. This could make it difficult for Fox to run its films on Starz and Encore for many years.
When Starz became a publicly traded company it carried about $1.5 billion in debt. Liberty Media received a cash dividend as part of the split.
Fox will have no problem coming up with the cash for such a deal. After abandoning the Time Warner bid, executives told investors that its stockpile of cash is big enough to make other major acquisitions — though they pledged to not go on a shopping spree.

Definition of home-grown goods has undergone key changesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pimco  WisdomTree join Schwabs ETF platformPimco, WisdomTree join Schwab’s ETF platform
By Jackie Noblett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac1afb0e-4310-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco leads charge into Chilean pensionsPimco leads charge into Chilean pension market
By Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8f7c912-3da1-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dont worry  help is on its way© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91e64ea0-344c-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong student activists rally ahead of threatened blockadeThousands of Hong Kong students boycotted classes to protest Beijing’s decision to restrict electoral reforms. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Hong Kong | Posted: September 24, 2014 11:24 am | Updated: September 24, 2014 11:29 am
Hong Kong students gathered in the heart of the city for a second day on Wednesday ahead of a planned blockade of government buildings if the city’s leader fails to discuss their demands for free elections.
About 300 university students protested in a park flanking government headquarters near the Central financial district where they sat listening to lectures in the middle of a week-long class boycott.
Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule in 1997 with a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland under a formula known as “one country, two systems”.
But Beijing last month rejected demands for people to freely choose the city’s next leader in 2017, insisting that candidates have to be pre-screened, prompting threats from pro-democracy activists to shut down Central.
The city’s leader, Leung Chun-ying, declined to discuss the students’ demands with them on Tuesday, prompting them to set a 48-hour deadline, saying they would surround and paralyse key government buildings if he did not face them.
“Either he has problems with his ability to comprehend and does not understand the students’ demands and the people’s demands, or he just has no heart to listen to our opinions because he is already kneeling in front of grandpa,” student leader Lester Shum said late on Tuesday, in reference to Leung’s close relationship with Beijing.
Hong Kong’s relationship with Beijing has become increasingly fraught in recent months as activists push for freedoms they believe are theirs under the “one country, two systems” formula.
Communist Party leaders in Beijing, for their part, are terrified of calls for democracy spreading to cities on the mainland, threatening their grip on power.
Such dissent would never be allowed on the mainland, where student protests calling for democracy were crushed with heavy loss of life on and around Beijing’s Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989.
A Muslim economic professor was jailed for life in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang on separatism charges on Tuesday, a sentence that rights advocates said sent a clear signal that Beijing is determined to suppress dissent.
Confidence in “one country, two systems” is at the lowest it has been since the University of Hong Kong’s public opinion programme began tracking the issue in 1993, it said in a survey released on Tuesday.
More than half, or 56 percent, of the 1,000 people in Hong Kong surveyed by telephone in September said they had “no confidence” in the system.
The student boycott is the latest in a string of civil disobedience actions including an unofficial civil referendum, marches, rallies and a brief occupation of Central that led to more than 500 arrests.
A second occupation of Central is expected continued…

Space history: India succesfully places Mars spacecraft in orbitSpace history: India successfully places Mars spacecraft in orbit
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Scene at the ISTRAC Mission Analysis Centre: ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in jubliant mood after Mars Orbiter Mission successfully enters the Red Planet's orbit on Wednesday. Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
Subbiah Arunan (left), Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), and M Annadurai, Programme Director, Indian Remote-Sensing Satellites (IRS) and Small Satellites Systems (SSS), at the Mission Operations Complex-2 of ISRO, at Peenya in Bangalore. (file photo)
Bangalore, Sept 24:  
India today created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
The successful manoeuvres were carried out in early hours, watched keenly by Prime Minister Narendra Modhi, his cabinet colleagues and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah.
Watched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, ISRO scientists successfully ignited the main 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and eight small thrusters that fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. and slowed down the speed of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft ‘Mangalyaan’ for it to slip into a smooth orbit around the Red Planet after almost an year-long voyage.
“Today MOM has met Mangal (Mars). Today Mangal has got MOM. The time this mission was short named as MOM, I was sure that MOM won’t disappoint us,” Modi, who wore a red coloured jacket, said annnouncing the Rs 450-crore mission’s success, after nerve-wracking final moments at the command centre of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) here.
Scientists broke into wild cheers and congratulated each other after the 1,350 kg spacecraft was manoeuvred into its designated place, capping a 666 million km journey that began on November 5 last.
With the success of “Mangalyaan”, India has become the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts. The first Chinese mission to Mars, called Yinghuo-1, failed in 2011. Earlier in 1998, the Japanese mission ran out of fuel and was lost.
Modi, who witnessed the operation along with the space scientists, said the odds were stacked against “us with only 21 of the 51 missions to Mars being successful'', but “we have prevailed''.
“We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and innovation.
We have navigated our craft through a route known to very few,” Modi said in a speech in Hindi and English, congratulating the scientists and “all my fellow Indians on this historic occasion''.
An elated Prime Minister patted the back of ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan and complimented the Indian space scientists for making space history.
“I have said it in the past too, the amount our scientists have spent on this mission is even less than what they spend in making Hollywood movies,” he said in his address to the mission scientists.
At just $74 million, the mission is less than the estimated $100 million budget of the sci-fi blockbuster “Gravity“.
India’s MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA’s Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
It aims to study Mars’ surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
Given the high rate of failures — only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful, the success of MOM has given a boost to India’s global standing in Space.
What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? pic.twitter.com/HDRWjOcPus

U-turn on car insurance cost cap© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb296ae4-43b2-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCEA likely to consider gas price hike todayCCEA likely to consider gas price hike today
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 24:  
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) is likely to consider raising natural gas prices today amid sharp differences between the Oil Ministry and the Power Ministry over the quantum of increase.
The CCEA headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to meet this evening and revision in natural gas price is listed as an agenda for the meeting, sources privy to the development said.
While the Oil Ministry is in favour of remunerative gas price that will encourage investments in exploration and production, the Power Ministry does not want the rates to be hiked by more than 25 per cent over the current price of $4.2 per million British thermal unit as a higher fuel cost will push up electricity tariff.
If the differences are not resolved, CCEA may put-off the decision by a month, the sources said.
In a case the decision is put-off today, the Government will miss its own deadline of announcing a new rate by month-end.
The previous UPA Government had in June last year approved a price formula suggested by a panel headed by C Rangarajan and re-confirmed it in December 2013 with certain conditions for Reliance Industries’ eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
The formula was to be implemented from April 1, 2014 but before a rate could be notified, general elections were announced and the Election Commission asked the then government to defer it till completion of polls.
On June 25, the new BJP-led government deferred it for a further three months as it found doubling of rates as per the approved formula unpalatable.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had told Parliament that a new gas price will be announced by September-end but if CCEA fails to take a decision today, then that deadline will be missed as Modi will leave for US tomorrow afternoon.
Modi, who will launch the ‘Make in India’ campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, will return in the evening of October 1.
A committee comprising secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the Oil Ministry as its member secretary, had last week submitted its recommendation on a new pricing mechanism.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation’s power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic meter hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government — about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to Oil Ministry estimates.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Fonterra profits sour as Mengnius jumpFonterra profits sour as those of China Mengniu Dairy jump
By Jamie Smyth in Canberra and Reuters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81993d52-b46b-11e3-bac4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China recalls contaminated dairy productsAugust 3, 2013 12:42 pm
China recall after Fonterra finds bacteria in milk products
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78854f66-fc2a-11e2-827a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Melbourne  worlds most liveable city© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1b53afc-3a6a-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Metal stocks crack up to 14% after SC verdict | Sensex closes in red  Nifty ends above 8 000Metal stock slip up to 14%; JSPL, Hindalco worst hit from SC order on coal blocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 24, 2014, 04.30PM IST
(JSPL plunged 14.40 per cent…)
NEW DELHI: Metal and power related stocks slipped up to 14 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the Supreme Court quashed the allocation of 214 coal blocks allotted since 1993.
However, the apex court did not cancel four coal blocks out of 218 which were declared illegal. Those coal blocks which are government run non-JV allotments were spared.
"JSPL and Hindalco worst affected by the SC order, while COAL will likely benefit from higher production in FY16. Banks with more power sector loans, esp the PSU banks, also hit by this," Citigroup said in a report.
Reacting to the news, JSPL plunged 14.40 per cent in trade, while Hindalco slipped 5.2 per cent, Godawari Power & Ispat Ltd plunged as much as 12.2 per cent.
However, the Supreme Court did clear some bit of uncertainty but the verdict will still remain an overhang on the sector for some more time, say experts.
"I believe that the uncertainty will still continue because the companies have the option to litigate against this judgement. Also, the penalty which has been imposed might be arbitrary, according to the companies," said Abhisar Jain, Centrum Broking.
"The valuations will need to adjust after the auctions - at what value the coal blocks can be bought back and what happens to the end production after March 31," he added. We think that it will still be a wait-and-watch game and we have a negative stance on the metal sector.
The Supreme Court has granted six months 'breathing time' to companies whose blocks have been cancelled to wind up business. "The government is ready to face implications of coal block cancellation," the apex court said.
"Whether the Supreme Court has done, it must have done after examining all the facts and figures, but yes it is pretty bad for the industry as such because industry never expected this to come in and hit them after 20 years," said Sushil Maroo, Director, Essar Energy.
"Companies always think that the process followed by the government over a period of time should have been right and based on that they have made thousands of crores of investment, based on that," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pawar to seek creation of new Malegaon dist in MaharashtraPawar to seek creation of new Malegaon dist in Maharashtra
PTI
Sharad Pawar
Malegaon (Maha), Sept 24:  
Former Union Minister Sharad Pawar has stressed on the need to carve a new minority district of Malegaon out of Nashik for proper development of the powerloom town.
“The bifurcation of Nashik district has been delayed for past many years, but now we will try our best to create a new Malegaon district and it will be developed,” Pawar said while addressing a public rally here yesterday.
The NCP chief said they will make efforts for providing concessions to powerlooms for their overall development and to start a direct flight service from Aurangabad for Haj pilgrims.
On the occasion, state PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal criticised the Narendra Modi-led Central government for its “anti-farmer policies“.
Lauding the NCP chief, Bhujbal said when Pawar was the Union Agriculture Minister, he took care of the farmers, but alleged that now they were facing problems due to the “wrong agriculture policies of the NDA government.”
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

India needs political will to promote phone banking: PitrodaSam Pitroda
Singapore, Sept 24:  
India needs strong political will to enable phone banking services across the country to facilitate payment of government salaries and school fees through electronics, Sam Pitroda, who piloted the telecom revolution in the country, said here today.
Speaking at the MasterCard Innovation Forum, Pitroda said fiber optic infrastructure was in place to support country wide phone banking, replacing the current cash-based dealings.
“Paying of government salaries and school fees should be by electronics,” Pitroda told PTI, stressing the way forward for India is a cashless society.
The fiber optic infrastructure and technology were already in place, he pointed out.
“But we need to have a political will to drive phone banking,” said Pitroda after delivering the keynote address on electronic payments at the forum.
He highligted the success of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and the ever increasing number of mobile phones in the country.
There are 750 million UIDAI holders in India, among them a large number of people were without bank accounts.
There were opportunities in having these people to open bank accounts and use phone banking, said Pitroda.
The telephone subscriber base in India has reached over 94.64 crore (as per July numbers) with an overall tele-density of over 76 per cent.
Pitroda piloted India’s telecom revolution under former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in late 80’s and has served as the chairman of National Innovation Council and the National Knowledge Commission, a high-level advisory body to the government.
The two day MasterCard Innovation Forum event will bring together more than 350 participants from the Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa as well as expert speakers from the industry, to discuss the evolving needs of businesses and showcase the latest innovations on the payments front.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Salman Khan hit-and-run case adjourned to Oct 9E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Supreme Court cancels coal block allocations: What nextE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets end flat ahead of F&O expiry  shrug off SC verdictMarkets end flat ahead of F&O expiry, shrug off SC verdict
Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 03:55 PM IST
Market ended flat on Wednesday, amid a choppy trading session, as investors turned cautious ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts while the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks weighed on select metal and power stocks.
 
The 30-share Sensex lost 31 points to end at 26,745 and the 50-share Nifty shed 15 points to close at 8,002.
SC verdict on coal block and stock reaction:
The Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis. 
The criterion fits just four of the 218 blocks that were deemed illegal by the court in its August order. Media reports said exempted coal blocks included allocations to NTPC, SAIL and Sasan UMPP.
 
The Supreme Court also asked holders of 46 operational blocks to file reply within a period of six months.
Jindal Steel and Power ended 10% lower at Rs 189, its lowest level since March 2009 on the NSE, after the Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except for government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis.
 
A penalty of Rs 295/tonne will also be imposed on all cancelled block holders, the Supreme Court order says.
 
Among the other individual stocks related to coal blocks such as Usha Martin, GMR Infra, Jayaswal Neco and Prakash Industries lost between 8-13%. Meanwhile, Coal India rallied 5% to Rs 352 on NSE.
 
Global Markets:
 
U.S. air strikes in Syria left Asian stock markets jaded on Wednesday, setting the stage for another soft session for European shares. 
 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS initially fell to a four-month low after Wall Street's overnight slide, but managed to steady thanks to gains in Chinese shares. Nikkei ended down 0.3% and Straits Times closed 0.2% lower. However, Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng gained 1% and 0.4% each.
 
The dollar was kept in check after U.S. yields fell on geopolitical concerns and dovish statements by a Federal Reserve official.
 
European equities started the trading session on a lower note, London's FTSE is down 0.2%, while Germany's DAX and France's CAX have lost 0.5% and 0.1% respectively.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.94/61.00 as traders say demand from oil firms is limiting the rupee's rise.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty and Capital Goods indices were the top losers down nearly 2.5% followed by Consumer Duarbles, Power and Auto indices trading lower between 0.5-1%. Bankex lost over 1%. However, BSE FMCG index gained nearly 2% and Healthcare index gained 0.5%. 
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T and BHEL lost between 1.5-2.5% on worries that order inflows from power generators could get delayed after the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations.
 
Power and Metal stocks ended lower after the Supreme Court today cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis. Jindal Steel and Power was the top loser down 10% followed by Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Power which ended down between 0.5-3% each.
 
The financial segment witnessed pressure after a private poll suggested that the RBI is likely to hold rates at least until the end of the current financial year. ICICI Bank, HDFC, Axis Bank and SBI ended down between 1-3%
 
Auto major Tata Motors witnessed profit taking and ended down nearly 1% erasing all the previous session gains even as analysts remain bullish on the stock. Following the tandem, Hero Motocorp and Bajaj Auto dipped between 1-2%.owever, Mahindra & Mahindra which lost yesterday after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive" was up 0.7% on value buying.
 
Oil and Gas major RIL edged down on uncertainty over gas pricing issue.
 
TCS, Bharti Airtel and Sun Pharma were some of the prominent names in red.
 
On the flip side, IT exporters, which witnessed profit taking yesterday after weaker than expected housing data raised worries over growth in the US economy, bounced back in today’s trade. Infosys and Wipro gained between 1-2%.
 
Shares of fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies ended higher by up to 3% on the bourses.
 
Hindustan Unilever (HUL), ITC, Dabur India, Nestle India, Godrej Consumer Products, Britannia Industries and Colgate-Palmolive (India) surged between 1-3% on BSE.
 
Also, fresh buying was evident in Coal India which was the top gainer of the day. The stocks ended the session  1-5% higher after the Supreme Court cancelled all coal block allocations except government-run blocks that operate on a non-JV basis.
 
Cipla and Dr Reddy’s Lab gained between 1-3% after the government withdrew the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. 
 
Among other shares, shares of Sasken Communication Technologies ended 18% lower at Rs 259 on National Stock Exchange after the company said Mr. Anjan Lahiri, whole time director & chief executive officer (CEO) has resigned from the services of the company and consequently from the board of directors effective September 23, 2014.
 
Oracle Financial Services Software plunged nearly 13% to Rs 3,453 on the BSE on turning ex-dividend today, 24 September 2014, for an interim dividend of Rs 485 per share for the year ending 31 March 2015.
However, the selling pressure was persistent in the broader markets. The mid and smallcap index slipped nearly 1% and 1.6% each putting lid to an outperformance seen over the last few weeks. 
 
The market breadth ended weak on the BSE with 1,939 shared declining and 1,023 shares advancing. 
 

MPs to be recalled to debate Isis strikesParliament to be recalled to debate Isis air strikes
By Kiran Stacey and Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83c5c146-43bc-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghis new weapon in war on deflationECB’s Draghi takes up new weapon in war on deflation
By Ralph Atkins in London and Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55a3b1c4-433f-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US agencies move to thwart cyber attacksUS financial industry launches platform to thwart cyber attacks
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/080092b2-437a-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Assura aiming to boost surgery portfolioAssura seeking £180m to bolster GP surgeries portfolios
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88b55116-43bd-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sinosteel woes resurrect China debt fearsSinosteel woes resurrect China debt concerns
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0cbb6c42-43c9-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Defendants can languish in Mississippi jails for a year or more without an indictmentBy Radley Balko September 24 Follow @radleybalko
Great reporting here from Jerry Mitchell at the Jackson Clarion-Ledger.
Octavious Burks has been in the Scott County Jail since Nov. 18, 2013. Joshua Bassett has been there since Jan. 16, 2014.
A grand jury has yet to indict either man.
They are far from alone. In jails across the state, some are held behind bars more than a year without ever being indicted.
“This is another poor man’s curse in Mississippi,” said J. Cliff Johnson, director of the MacArthur Justice Center at the University of Mississippi School of Law. “It sounds like something that happens in a Third World country.”
On Tuesday, the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi and the MacArthur Justice Center filed a class-action lawsuit on behalf of these men against Scott County officials, saying the men have been “indefinitely denied counsel.”
These are far from isolated incidents, said State Defender Leslie Lee. “Nobody is advocating for these people. Nobody is investigating these cases.”
Mississippi is the only state in the Southeast without a statewide public defender system and one of only seven states in the U.S. without such a system.
“There are so many crucial things a lawyer needs to be doing, way before indictment,” Lee said.
But under Mississippi law, a lawyer isn’t appointed for an indigent defendant until that person has been arraigned on a grand jury indictment.
Add this to your “criminalization of poverty” files.
I’ve spent a lot of time reporting in Mississippi over the years. To my knowledge, all Mississippi counties and most of the larger towns do have someone designated as the “public defender.” The problem is that in all but a few places, the job is only part time. In some areas it pays just  few thousand dollars per year. So most of the state’s public defenders earn their living in private practice. You can imagine how that might affect the quality of the representation they provide.* I should also add that I’ve met a few dedicated and terrific public defenders in the state. They do exist here and there, but they exist in spite of the system, not because of it.
(*If Mississippi is dead-set against a statewide system of full-time public defenders, it might consider the interesting voucher experiment currently underway in Comal County, Texas .)
 
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

IPO s of two companies to hit markets tomorrowIPO's of two companies to hit markets tomorrow
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 06:18 PM IST
Atishay Infotech and Aryaman Capital Markets, will come out with their initial share sale tomorrow to together raise up to Rs 8 crore and eventually get listed on BSE's platform for small and medium enterprises.
Shares of both companies would get listed on BSE's dedicated SME platform, prospectus of the companies filed with capital market regulator Sebi said.
IT firm Atishay Infotech is looking to raise Rs 3.71 crore through public issue of 23.20 lakh shares for an average price of Rs 16 apiece.
The firm's Initial Public Offer (IPO) would begin on September 25 and close on September 29.
Aryaman Capital Markets which is also launching its IPO on September 25, would issue as many as 35.90 lakh shares at a price of Rs 12 each, aggregating to an amount of Rs 4.30 crore. The issue of the company would end on October 1.
BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan had recently said as many 100 companies were expected to be listed on the exchange's SME platform by year-end.
Currently, 67 companies are listed on BSE SME platform and have an aggregate market capitalisation of little over Rs 7,605 crore.
Mumbai-based Atishay Infotech offers wide range of information technology database management and e-governance services including large scale data entry and scanning solutions, digitisation services, among others. It is presently providing services in the states of Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.
On the other hand, Aryaman Capital Markets, also based in Mumbai, is a subsidiary of merchant banker Aryaman Financial Services Ltd and carries out the various fund based and secondary market activities.

Pioneer Distilleries  OFS oversubscribedPioneer OFS oversubscribed
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 10:24 PM IST
Investors placed bids for 3.81 times the 1.52 million shares available in the offer for sale of Pioneer Distilleries. The retail portion was subscribed 2.38 times, while the non-retail portion was subscribed 3.97 times. United Spirits was the selling promoter. It sold 11.35 per cent stake in the company with an indicative price of Rs 17.69 for retail investors and Rs 23.11 for others. The stock closed at Rs 60.95 on Tuesday.
The BSE was the designated exchange for the OFS and JM Financial was the banker managing the issue, according to an exchange notice.
 

Stocks mixed as growth concerns weighStocks shrug off lingering growth worries
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd3c531e-4398-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Supreme Court cancels 214 illegal coal blocks  orders government to auction themSupreme Court axes 214 coal block allocations, spares four
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:38 IST(25/9/2014)
Comments
In a verdict that could lead to a more transparent system of allocating natural resources, the Supreme Court on Wednesday cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that it had, on August 25, said were illegally and arbitrarily allocated.
File photo: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. (Reuters)
The court gave the government six months to decide on a new coal block allocation policy. These 218 blocks had been allocated to steel, power and cement companies for their captive use.
Two of the four blocks that have been spared were allocated to public sector companies SAIL and NTPC, both PSUs.
Two others were allocated to Reliance Power’s ultra-mega power project at Sasan in Madhya Pradesh. It had won these blocks through international competitive bidding, so there were no allegations of any arbitrary decision making.
The apex court bench, comprising Chief Justice of India RM Lodha, who retires after two days, and Justices Madan Lokur and Joseph Kurian, granted the holders of 46 blocks time till March 31, 2015 to wind up their businesses. The Centre had sought protection for these blocks as 40 were operational and six were on the verge of starting operations.
However, the 40 companies that have started operations will have to pay a fine of Rs. 295 per ton, as calculated by the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG). Since these companies have mined about 300 million tons of coal, they will have to pay at least Rs. 9,000 crore as fines.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi had said the NDA government was “desirous to move on” in the wake of any cancellation.
Read: A timeline of India’s troubled coal sector
“The judgment is in accord with the government’s stand. We have already taken a position (on the issue) that we will be happy if all (blocks) are cancelled so that we can make a fresh start…,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters. Coal and power minister Piyush Goyal is expected to brief the media on the judgment on Thursday.
“I am sure the Indian government has a fallback plan to tackle the coal block allocation issue,” said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Hindalco after the court cancelled its coal blocks in Talabira in Odisha and Mahan in Madhya Pradesh.
“While the judgment may have been intended to bring in transparency, it will… raise questions on sanctity of government policies, impacting the investment climate,” said Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The stock market steadied after falling 215 points in mid-session following the judgment. It ended the day at 26,744.69, a loss of 31 points. Jindal Steel and Power, in particular, lost 10% and closed at Rs. 189.70.
Read: SC ruling on coal blocks likely to hit economy, says India Inc
The cancellation of 214 coal blocks and their auction in future will shore up the government’s revenues and enable it to keep its fiscal deficit under control.
Companies that lose coal blocks will be able to bid for them in the open auctions that will follow. However, the ruling could lead to a rise in bank NPAs as several companies had taken loans worth about Rs. 1 lakh crore to set up power plants and other factories on the back of these coal blocks. Banks downplayed the possibility of a rise in bad loans.
Then, power companies that get coal blocks through auctions could demand higher tariffs to offset higher auction prices.
The previous UPA government did not auction the coal blocks on the plea that state governments were opposed to the idea. More than half of India’s power is produced by thermal power plants. A chronic shortage of coal is one of the reasons for frequent power outages and the proliferation of environmentally damaging diesel generators both in residential houses as well as in industrial units.

Is the iPhone 6 Plus bendableIs the iPhone 6 Plus bendable?
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 24, 2014: 11:56 AM ET
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If you just bought an iPhone 6 Plus and you like to wear tight pants, beware. ...maybe.
There are reports circulating online claiming that the new, larger iPhone bends when owners carried them in their pockets for long periods of time. Ironically, the reports came the same day that smartphone warranty provider SquareTrade called the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus the "most durable smartphones ever."
It's impossible to say whether reports of bending iPhone 6 Pluses are a sign of a systemic design flaw, a defect in a limited number of devices or even a hoax. CNNMoney was not able to replicate the issue in several attempts to bend the iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Related: Chinese smugglers make big bucks on iPhone 6
One report Apple blog MacRumors shows photos of iPhone 6 Plus devices that appear slightly warped. The owner claimed the curvature appeared after carrying the device in the front pocket of his pants for several hours.
Other reports have been posted to Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) under the hashtag #BendGate -- although many are clearly Photoshopped images.
YouTube video posted by Unbox Therapy shows a man appearing to bend the iPhone 6 Plus using his hands to apply pressure to a point near the buttons on the side of the device.
 
iPhone 6 Plus users complain it bends
Lewis Hilsenteger, the Internet personality who posted the video, insisted that bending the device was just a matter of strength.
"Grab it in the middle with the glass facing out and give it everything you have," he told CNNMoney in an email. "It'll bend."
On Twitter, some iPhone fans suggested that the jumbo smartphone is just not compatible with skinny jeans. There's also a camp that argues that if you own a $750 smartphone, you shouldn't sit on it.
Related: iPhone 6 has car Bluetooth problems
Last year, there were some reports that the iPhone 5S could bend. So this isn't an entirely new issue for Apple -- if the reports are accurate.
CNNMoney received a test model and several staffers tried and failed to change its shape using brute force. (Though we might not have been trying hard enough: We are required to return the device to Apple in working condition.)
The iPhone 6 Plus is significantly larger and thinner than the traditional iPhone. It's also made of aluminum, which is a naturally flexible material.
First Published: September 24, 2014: 9:45 AM ET
Most Popular

Indian firm develops vaccine for Blue TongueIndian firm develops vaccine for Blue Tongue
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 24:  
Indian Immunologicals Limited (IIL) has launched a vaccine for Blue Tongue disease that affects domestic animals such as goats, sheep, cattle and camels. India is among the top victims of this disease. The mortality rate is quite high at 30 per cent.
The penta-valent vaccine Raksha-Blu protects all the five virus strains that cause the disease in India. It is priced at Rs 5 a dose.
An arm of the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB), the IIL claims that it is the first vaccine developed indigenously for the disease.
“There are 24 viral strains prevalent in the world. In India, about five strains are predominant. Besides high level of mortality, it causes morbidity too. There has been no vaccine developed so far to protect the animals from the disease,” a company statement said here on Wednesday.
The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and Tamil Nadu University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences too have taken part in the development of the vaccine.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

E-initiative by SCR for online booking of retiring roomsE-initiative by SCR for online booking of retiring rooms
Our bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep. 24:  
Passengers on South Central Railways (SCR) can soon book retiring rooms online. The Railways has launched e-booking at 18 stations in the zone.
The move is part of the budgetary announcement made by the Minister to do so in a phased manner. The objective is to provide convenience to passengers to book in advance, as per their itinerary.
Some of the important stations include, Hyderabad, ParliVaijnath, Warangal, Kurnool, Nizamabad, Vijayawada, Tenali, Rajahmundry, Nellore, Tirupati, Raichur, Guntur, Nanded, Aurangabad etc.
E-booking of retiring rooms at Secunderabad has already been started as a pilot project earlier and is continuing to function.
Advance booking of retiring rooms at the above stations can be done through internet on a confirmed/RAC reserved ticket, during the reservation period (advance booking period) by logging on www.irctctourism.com.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

ISB Alumni venture wins Hult PrizeISB Alumni venture wins Hult Prize
Our bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep. 24:  
A group of five alumni from the Indian School of Business (ISB) has won the Hult Prize and a $ one million funding support from the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI).
The prize was given away by Bill Clinton, former president of the USA and Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank, at an event held in New York city on Tuesday.
The team comprising of Aditi Vaish, Ashish Bondia, Manish Ranjan, Pranav Kumar Maranganty, and Ramanathan Lakshmanan, from the class of 2014, presented their low cost NanoHealth initiative.
Ajit Rangnekar, Dean, ISB who was present at the global event said, the team studied healthcare courses, designed and offered by the Max Institute of Healthcare Management at the ISB. They also received assistance from the Institute, faculty, and the D-Labs accelerator.
NanoHealth is a social enterprise specialising in chronic disease management. It provides holistic managed care services to slum dwellers by creating local health networks and using innovative technologies to bring cost-effective healthcare to their doorsteps.
(This article was published on September 24, 2014)
Related

Firms which lost mines in coal block allocations case should have refusal right: PC ParakhFirms which lost mines in coal block allocations case should have refusal right: PC Parakh
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 19:31  IST
Sep 24 2014, 19:31  IST
 

ISB alumni team wins Hult Prize and $1 mn fundingISB alumni team wins Hult Prize, $1 mn funding
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 24, 2014 08:47 PM IST
A group of five alumni from the Indian School of Business (ISB) has won the prestigious Hult Prize and a $1-million funding support from the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI). The prize was given away by Bill Clinton, former US president, and Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank, at an event held in New York city last evening.
The winning team, which had set up NanoHealth, a social enterprise specialising in chronic disease management that provides holistic managed care services to slum dwellers, comprised Aditi Vaish, Ashish Bondia, Manish Ranjan, Pranav Kumar Maranganty, and Ramanathan Lakshmanan. They have participated in this competition earlier this year, as students of the Class of 2014 at the ISB.
“It’s a proud moment for all of us at ISB, as our alumni team was the first-ever entrant from India into the global finals. This is a culmination of the efforts of the students, supported by the faculty, the Max Institute of Healthcare Management at the ISB, and everybody associated with the team,” ISB dean Ajit Rangnekar, Dean , who was present at the global event, stated in a press release
The team studied healthcare courses, designed and offered by the Max Institute of Healthcare Management at the ISB. They also received assistance from the institute, faculty, and the D-Labs accelerator.
The objective of the Hult Prize, the largest student business plan competition in the world, is for teams to design a social enterprise – an annual challenge set by Clinton. ‘Solving Non-Communicable Diseases in the Urban Slums’' was the challenge this year. All the teams had to propose solutions, which would impact at least 25 million people in urban and semi urban areas. The ISB group competed against teams from the US, Latin America, the Middle East and China.
Nano Health has received support from industry and the Telangana government to implement their business plan. They have recently partnered with GVK Biosciences' proprietary HEART (Health Emphasized Analytical and Reporting Tool).

Congress  NCP suspend seat sharing talks for Maharashtra assembly pollCong, NCP suspend seat-sharing talks for Maharashtra assembly poll
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Negotiations between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over sharing of seats for the coming election to the 288-member Maharashtra Legislative Assembly have come to a halt with both sticking to their stand.
Notably, the two parties have also indicated that they are prepared to part ways and go solo. A meeting slated for Wednesday morning did not take place after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan left for his home town Karad, from where he plans to contest.
NCP chief Sharad Pawar, former Union minister Praful Patel, and Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar met as scheduled.
Meanwhile, the Congress reiterated it would not accept NCP's demand for 144 seats; it said it could offer only 124.
An NCP minister in the Maharashtra government told Business Standard: “Besides, the Congress has forwarded the list of a few seats, which can be exchanged and it is not acceptable to the NCP. If the Congress decides not to strike a seat-sharing deal, then the NCP is prepared to go solo. However, the Congress should reveal its mind.”
A Congress minister said the party does not want to succumb to NCP's pressure tactics. “There is no question of giving 144 seats to NCP merely because it has won two more seats than the Congress in the Lok Sabha polls. The Congress is firm that it would give only 124 seats to NCP,” the minister averred. He added the chief minister would discuss the NCP's demand for rotational chief ministership with the Congress’ top leadership.
Meanwhile, the NCP has asked party candidates who have been short-listed, to file their nominations from Thursday onwards as the last date is September 27.

Coal block ruling upsets power  bank stocksRuling upsets power, mining, bank stocks
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 25, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Shares of metal and mining companies, which faced the brunt of the Supreme Court's decision to cancel coal block allocations, as well as those of banks, took a beating on Wednesday. While Jindal Steel and Power ended 10 per cent lower, Hindalco Industries, after declining five per cent, closed with a decline of 0.5 per cent.
Other stocks that fell included GMR Infrastructure, Usha Martin (which fell about 10 per cent each) and Adani Power, which closed down two per cent. Jayaswal Neco and Monnet Ispat fell about seven per cent each.
Heavy selling was seen in companies for which allocations were cancelled, as investors feared these would have to pay heavy penalties.
State-owned lenders, including Bank of India, Canara Bank and State Bank of India, fell three-five per cent, as investors feared the credit quality of these entities could deteriorate, owing to exposure to the mining sector. It is estimated the banking sector's exposure to mining is about Rs 36,800 crore.
Meanwhile, shares of companies whose coal blocks were exempted from the cancellation — Reliance Power, NTPC and Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) —, gained. While Reliance Power rose 5.3 per cent, NTPC was closed with a gain of one per cent.
Coal India, which will take charge of the coal blocks until the re-allocation auctions are held next year, ended five per cent higher.
“The Supreme Court judgment is disappointing and could lead to further decline in the stocks of companies impacted,” said Nirmal Rungta, director and head (private client group), CIMB Securities.
Last month, the court had declared coal block allocations during 1993-2010 “illegal and arbitrary”, following a 2012 report by the Comptroller and Auditor General stating the sales of coal mines had been under-priced. Since the court's verdict on August 14, shares of Jindal Steel have fallen about 35 percent, while the Hindalco stock has declined 14 per cent.
Analysts fear the cancellation of coal block allocations might aggravate the shortage of coal India is grappling with, as well as raise the import burden. “This (the verdict) is going to be a bit of a setback for state-owned banks, as asset quality concerns might resurface. A lot of these stocks had started to do well on hopes of an economic recovery,” said Rikesh Parikh, head (equities), Motilal Oswal Securities.
Mining stocks could remain under pressure till there is clarity on the re-allocation and the penalties to be paid. Market players are hopeful the government and the companies impacted by the verdict will have a contingency plan in place.
“It's not that this will bring everything to a standstill. I am sure companies have a backup plan. Besides, the re-auctions will add more money to the government's kitty,” said Rungta.

Kalinga Power drops Rs 6 500 crore project in OdishaKalinga Power drops Rs 6,500 cr project in Odisha
Sadananda Mohapatra | Bhubaneswar Sep 24, 2014 08:19 PM IST
Kalinga Energy & Power Ltd (KEPL), a subsidiary of Kolkata-based Shyam Group, has withdrawn is its 1,320 Mw coal-fired power plant proposal in Odisha, citing delays in obtaining financial closure for the project.
Following the company’s request, Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco) has asked the Collector of Jharsuguda to stop land acquisition process for the power plant developer.
“The client company has submitted withdrawal proposal for the private land measuring 120.85 acre because of the delay in implementation of their project. You are requested to withdraw the above mentioned land from the purview of acquisition,” said Idco, the land acquisition arm of the state government in a letter to Jharsuguda collector.
KEPL proposed to establish power plant comprising two units of 660 Mw each in Jharsuguda in 2011, after revising its earlier proposal of 1,000 Mw plant planned at Sambalpur, according to its memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed in 2009. A status report submitted with the state government showed that it has not achieved financial closure for the Rs 6,500 crore project till March this year.
It was neither allotted a coal block nor had secured any coal linkage from Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL). It was also under scrutiny for slow progress of the project. Apart from KEPL, other eight companies — Nava Bharat Power Ltd, Astaranga Power Company Ltd, Chambal Infrastructure Ltd, Sahara India Power Corporation Ltd, KU Projects, JR Power, BGR Energy and Vijaya Ferroalloys have not acquired land for their projects so far.
With the withdrawal proposal of KEPL, the number of interested independent power producer (IPP) investors in the state reduced to 27.
Before scrapping of the KEPL plan, the total number of IPP investors in Odisha were 28 , envisaging a total generation capacity of 37,510 Mw with the state share being 5,887 Mw.
Till date, three IPPs have commissioned thermal power capacity of 4,050 Mw, the state being entitled to a share of 947 Mw power from these commissioned units. Three more IPPs are expected to commission their projects by the end of this fiscal. These are Ind Barath Energy Utkal Ltd (700 Mw), Monnet Power (1,050 Mw) and Maa Durga (60 Mw).

The father who spent seven years visiting the wrong gravesiteHe has gone to the gravesite frequently, according to NBC affiliate KUSA .
“He’s dropped off toys and flowers,” the station reported. “He’s sat and talked with the son he named ‘Quincy.’ ”
But Abeyta told KUSA that he recently made a startling discovery: His son is not actually buried in that grave.
A CO man’s been visiting the grave of his still born son for 7 yrs. Until he found his son was buried elsewhere. pic.twitter.com/XgySYjPVfe
— Ryan Haarer (@RcHaarer) September 22, 2014
Abeyta made the discovery after he decided to add his son’s name to the headstone earlier this year.
“I was told it would take 90 days,” Abeyta said. “I came out here 120 days later in July to visit him and his name wasn’t on there.”
That’s when Abeyta contacted the Archdiocese of Denver, which handles the burial of stillborn children in a service that is free of cost to grieving parents.
“Come to find out my son is not even buried here where I thought he’s been buried for the last seven years,” Abeyta told the TV station. “He’s buried a few graves over.”
Scott Drzewiecki, executive director of the Archdiocese of Denver’s Mortuary and Cemeteries, told KUSA: “We want to do the best we can to rectify that and meet with the family to honor their needs and honor their son. Their unborn son.”
The archdiocese will make a contribution to a charity that Abeyta selects, and Quincy’s marker will be given more detail, KUSA reported. Abeyta’s arm is tattooed in memorial to his son; that design will now be etched on the gravestone as well.
“I was crying over someone else’s child when I was out here over the years,” Abeyta said. “That’s what bothers me the most is I wasn’t in the right spot.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Part of Terminal 1 at O Hare evacuatedO'Hare's Terminal 1 reopened after police clear unattended bag
Traveler describes evacuation situation at O'Hare Airport
Chicagoan Nicole was trying to catch a flight out of O'Hare when the evacuation happened.
Chicagoan Nicole was trying to catch a flight out of O'Hare when the evacuation happened.
O'Hare International Airport
Part of O'Hare Terminal 1 evacuated
Terminal 1 at O'Hare International Airport has been reopened after an unattended bag was inspected and found not to contain anything dangerous, police said.

Coal blocks cancellation: Banks with Rs 1L cr exposure sitting on mine of worriesCoal blocks cancellation: Banks with Rs 1L cr exposure sitting on mine of worries
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 24 2014, 20:33  IST
Sep 24 2014, 20:33  IST
 

Jaiprakash says hydropower deal with Reliance Power collapsesJaiprakash says hydropower deal with Reliance Power collapses
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 08:28 PM IST
Jaiprakash Power Ventures, which had been in separate talks with a number of players to sell off its hydro power portfolio, has called off its latest discussions with Anil Ambani-owned Reliance Power. In July, Reliance Power Ltd had agreed to buy the hydropower assets of JP Ventures Ltd, after a consortium led by Abu Dhabi National Energy Co. PJSC (Taqa), called off the Rs 9,689-crore plan to buy two of Jaiprakash’s hydropower plants.
It is learnt that the regulatory uncertainties around tariff issues of JP Power's Karcham Wangtoo plant have hit the Rs 12,000-crore deal with ADAG. Last week, electricity regulator - Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had asked JP Power to expedite filing of tariff petition for 1,091 Mw Karcham Wangtoo hydel project. The direction from the CERC came after the utility sought withdrawal of provisional tariff petition related to the plant.
"Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and Jaiprakash Power Ventures limited (JPVL) have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's Hydro portfolio of 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MWs," stated ADAG release.
According to reports, a show-cause notice will be issued by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) shortly to JP Power for violating techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions in the Karcham Wangtoo project. The project is currently running at 1,200 megawatt capacity against the techno-economic clearance, which was given for 1,000 megawatt.
However, JP Power stated that discussion with ADAG had been called off 'for reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainities but due to difference of commercial aspects'.
Reliance CleanGen Ltd (RCL), a unit of R-Power, had signed an exclusive accord for the acquisition of the entire hydroelectric power portfolio of Jaiprakash Power. The portfolio comprises three plants—Baspa Stage II (300 Mw) and Karcham Wangtoo (1,091 Mw) in Himachal Pradesh, and Vishnuprayag (400 Mw) in Uttarakhand. Adani Group was also engaged in talks for acquiring JP Power's hydro projects in a deal worth over Rs 11,000 crore.
On Wednesday, shares of Jaiprakash Power fell down by 5.86%, to close at Rs 13.65 on BSE. Reliance Power shares went up by 5.34% to close at Rs 75.9.    
JP Power has a thermal power portfolio of 1,160 Mw, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie Thermal power project.

JP-Reliance Power hydroprojects deal called offJaiprakash-Reliance Power hydroprojects deal called off
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 21:34 IST
Reliance Power's talks to acquire Jaiprakash Power Ventures' three hydro power projects have been called off following lack of clarity over capacity of the Karcham Wangtoo project.
The two firms, who had been in talks for two months, announced the decision to call of the talks in separate press statements but did not give detailed reasons for it.
Industry sources, however, said talks collapsed after Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued show cause notice for alleged violation of techno-economic clearance conditions of the Karcham Wangtoo project, which had an approved capacity of 1,000 MW but actual capacity was built to 1,200 MW.
Jaiprakash Group (Japyee) was looking at selling the hydro projects to cut its nearly Rs 12,000 crore debt.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) said in a statement, "For reasons not attributable to any regulatory uncertainties but due to difference of commercial aspects, discussion with ADAG has been called off."
"The company was determined to take steps in the larger interest of the shareholders in the prevailing economic sentiment in the country," Jaypee Group Chairman Manoj Gaur said in the statement.
JPVL has a generation base of 1,700 MW hydro power (1,000 MW Karcham Wangtoo, 300 MW Baspa II, and 400 MW Vishnu Prayag) and 1,160 MW thermal power, including 500 MW Bina thermal project and 660 MW Nigrie thermal power project.
A Reliance Power spokesperson said, "Due to prevailing regulatory uncertainties and tariff issues, which impact valuations, Reliance Power and JPVL have terminated discussions regarding Reliance Power's acquisition of JPVL's 3 projects with an aggregate capacity of 1,791 MW."
In July, Reliance Power signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of JPVL.
Currently, Reliance Power has hydroelectric power projects aggregating over 5,000 MW under development, of which 4,200 MW are located in Arunachal Pradesh, 700 MW in Himachal Pradesh and 400 MW in Uttarakhand.

Meghalaya cloud-burst  flash floods leave trail of devastation in Assam districtsPrint
A man crosses flood waters at Krishnai village in Goalpara district of northeastern Assam state. In worst-hit district of Goalpara, 90 villages have been submerged under water. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 24, 2014 7:29 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 8:15 pm
The water-level of flash floods in Goalpara district in Assam, triggered off by a massive cloud-burst in South West Garo Hills district in Meghalaya on Sunday night, has started receding, but not before leaving behind a trail of destruction.
While at least 40 persons have lost their lives in the Garo Hills in Meghalaya, as many as 26 bodies have been fished out from the water in Goalpara and Kamrup districts in Assam in the past two days. Confirming this, Assam forest minister Rakibul Hussain said the final death figure could be much more because many people are reportedly missing and suspected to have been washed away. “Many villages are still totally submerged, with water flowing above the roofs. Rescue teams have yet to cover all the affected villages,” Hussain said.
Though columns of the Army and BSF are pressed into rescue operations alongside the NDRF and SDRF teams, they have not been able to reach out because most villages are still submerged, the minister pointed out. The number of cattle and other domestic animals washed away are yet to be ascertained.
A man looks at his house that was damaged in flash floods at Krishnai village in Goalpara in Assam. (Source: PTI)
In Goalpara, of the 14 bodies recovered so far, two are infants, they being Apsara Hujuri (one year two months) and Prakash Rabha (two years six months). The dead also include five women, Hussain said. In Kamrup district on the other hand 12 bodies have been recovered so far. With five deaths in Guwahati city and one in Dhubri, the total death toll in the last three days’ floods in Assam has gone up to 31.
The flood waters came down like a huge wall several metres high and even washed away trucks and cars off the NH 37 for several hundred metres. In Krishnai, Dudhnoi and Bolbola, all highway townships, trucks, cars and other vehicles are lying strewn by the roadside after the floodwaters were gone. In Bolbola, at least 180 persons were killed in a flash flood in 2004.
Minister Hussain, who visited Goalpara and Kamrup today said at least six lakh population have been affected by floods in the two districts in since Sunday night. While four lakh have been affected in Kamrup, 2.11 lakh have been affected in Goalpara. About 1.4 lakh people have been put up in relief camps while thousands have taken shelter under the open sky on the highway and other roads.
Several bridges that have been continued…

SC order on coal proved hollow the BJP campaign against UPASC order on coal proved hollow the BJP campaign against UPA
Telangana CM writes to Modi; asks to retain rice levy at 75 pcTelangana CM writes to Modi; asks to retain rice levy at 75 pc
China respects India  policy needed to improve ties: Chinese think tankChina respects India  policy needed to improve ties: Chinese think tank
59 killed in airstrikes  clashes in Iraq59 killed in airstrikes  clashes in Iraq
Dhaula Kuan gangrape: Court to pronounce verdict on Oct 10Dhaula Kuan gangrape: Court to pronounce verdict on Oct 10
Govt postpones decision on revision of natural gas pricesGovt postpones decision on revision of natural gas prices
Jharkhand CM hails ISROJharkhand CM hails ISRO
Mars mission success to encourage R&D  innovation: IndustryMars mission success to encourage R&D  innovation: Industry
Mars mission: Confident ISRO awaits for Sept 24space programme
Will India be able to lower its spacecraft into the Martian orbit in its debut attempt? The answer will be available around 8.15 a.m. on September 24.
“We have left no stone unturned to ensure that this happens,” said S. Arunan, Project Director, Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).
On Wednesday, the orbiter’s propulsion system, called 440 Newton engine or the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM), will erupt into life at 7.17 a.m. after remaining dormant for 300 days during the spacecraft’s journey to the Red Planet.
Simultaneously, eight 22 Newton thrusters on the spacecraft will pounce into life. The LAM and the eight thrusters will fire together for 24 minutes to perform the MOM’s most crucial manoeuvre called Mars Orbit Insertion (MOI) to lower India’s spacecraft into the Martian orbit, with a peri-apsis of 423 km and an apo-apsis of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will end at 7.41 a.m. Around 8.15 a.m., the world will know whether India is home and dry.
“Both the hardware and software simulation has been well-established for the MOI. We do not expect any new concern to crop up for the MOM success,” said Mr. Arunan.
ISRO wanted to ensure that the LAM would ignite into life after it had remained dormant for 300 days. Towards that, ISRO tested the LAM on the ground, simulating the thermo-dynamic conditions of the Mars spacecraft, he said.
A test-firing of the LAM and eight small thrusters was done simultaneously. “We have conducted this test in the operating conditions [of the spacecraft] as envisaged during the MOI manoeuvre. The test was successful. The engine performance was as per prediction… So there was no concern on the simultaneous firing of the LAM engine and 22 Newton engines,” Mr. Arunan asserted.
Besides, ISRO test-fired a LAM, kept on the ground for 450 days in the same conditions that India’s Mars orbiter was undergoing in space now. “We kept it in a vacuum chamber for 450 days and when we fired it again, its performance was absolutely as predicted,” Mr. Arunan said. All the tests were done at the ISRO Propulsion Complex, Mahendragiri, Tamil Nadu.
V. Kesava Raju, Mission Director, MOM, said the spacecraft’s velocity would be reduced on September 24 to enable it to get the Martian orbit.
“When India’s spacecraft comes under the influence of Mars’ gravity on that day, it reaches the closest point to Mars. At that time, our spacecraft will attain a velocity of 5.7 km per second…But we require only 4.6 km a second. So the spacecraft’s velocity is reduced by 1.1 km so that the spacecraft can be contained in the orbit around Mars,” Mr. Kesava Raju said.

After eight years with Facebooks News Feed  theres no such thing as TMIA Facebook employee walks past a sign at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)
When Facebook introduced its News Feed in 2006, users quite literally revolted against it.
Petitions to nix the feature racked up tens of thousands of signatures. Early users — mostly college students, at that point, since Facebook hadn’t yet opened up to the general public — left the social network in droves. Columnists at every major college paper in the country wrote eulogies to a site that, they assumed, could not outlive the outrage. News Feed was, at one point, dubbed “this generation’s Vietnam.”
“I lost three friends to the great Facebook massacre of ’06,” Carlos Maycotte wrote in the Cornell Daily Sun . “It was a rough day all around.”
In the eight years since, Facebook’s News Feed — that LED-lit window through which we glimpse news, memes and snatches of other people’s lives — has not exactly gotten less controversial. But the nature of that controversy has fundamentally changed. Where early college users raged against sharing, and seeing, too much information — of being subsumed, in effect, by the social media noise — our anxieties today frequently involve getting too little of it . Facebook’s latest changes to the News Feed, announced just last week , are essentially tooled to give users more content, more quickly.
Both concerns relate to control. Whether we see too much content or too little, everything we see in Facebook’s News Feed is determined by an algorithm — an invented mathematical formula that guesses what you want to see based on who posted it, where it came from, and a string of other mysterious factors known only to the programmers and project managers who work on it.
Too much information
That was less a concern when News Feed was introduced to primordial Facebook’s 9 million users in 2006, just two years after the network launched, and well before it opened to non-student users. Our conception of “sharing,” both in the sense of sending content and receiving it, was fundamentally narrower. We were accustomed to putting photos on our Myspace profiles, for instance, or perhaps sharing tidbits from our lives on Livejournal or Xanga. But in every case, our updates were quiet, siloed — the digital equivalent of speaking softly in a very crowded room. To hear us, friends and curious strangers would have to navigate directly to our corner of the Internet, to our profile, to our albums or blogs.
When News Feed upended that — essentially guaranteeing that every online post was less a conversation, and more a shout from the Internet rooftops — users rioted. They hated this idea not only that their information, so dutifully and naively logged into Facebook all these months, could suddenly belong to a wider public. But more than that, they hated the idea that they’d soon be bombarded with other people’s trivia.
(Facebook)
Users were “overwhelmed,” claimed early reviews. They found the stream feature “creepy.” Newspapers and savvy Web sites published guides on how to hide more content, not less. And Facebook, predictably, trumpeted every change to the News Feed and its underlying recommendation algorithm — the formula that determines what posts, and how many posts, you see — as wins against clutter, against too much noise. When Facebook made the News Feed real-time in 2009, it promised that even those Twitter-like “live” updates would be well-filtered.
“That’s the big secret about controlling the waterfall of content that social networks mercilessly dump on your head every second: You’re not supposed to consume every drop,” Matt Buchanan wrote in The New York Times as late as 2012. “Facebook designed its News Feed, which is the first thing you see when you go to Facebook.com, to deal with this problem.”
“It put the social back in social network,” he concluded.
The trouble with algorithms
But even as Buchanan wrote those words, there was plenty of indication that the News Feed algorithm might not be quite as pro-social as he and many others implied. The year before, Facebook had revamped News Feed to surface content that was “interesting,” not necessarily relevant or new. And earlier that year, Facebook had debuted a roundly criticized feature called “personal promoted posts,” which — like posts promoted by brands and fan pages — let users outsmart the Facebook algorithm … for a price. Seven dollars guaranteed that more people would see your latest job announcement or baby photos. The feature recognized, implicitly, that its algorithms hid content people wanted to see.
“What really stings is that Facebook is now abusing the myopia it created,” Mashable’s Matt Silverman wrote in 2012 . “Essentially, the network is ‘hiding’ your updates from friends, and then turning around to say, ‘Hey, if you want friends to see your updates, you could pay us!’”
Only weeks later, a programmer dug up a secret Facebook URL that let users see their unfiltered feed, sans algorithms. When Facebook struck it down — which they did quickly — users circulated an online petition to get rid of Facebook’s algorithm, called EdgeRank, entirely. (Facebook, unsurprisingly, refused.)
(Chris Ingraham/The Washington Post)
But in the two years since, disgruntled users have only become more wary about Edgerank’s quiet influence. Writing in March 2013 — in the same blog where Buchanan trumpeted News Feed — The New York Times’s Nick Bilton provoked a minor PR scandal for Facebook when he claimed his posts mysteriously reached almost no one anymore , an indication of algorithmic tampering. Earlier this year, when Facebook revealed its research team had manipulated the algorithm to show more or less “happy” content in people’s feeds, the Internet had an all-out meltdown — accusing Facebook, in some cases, of inflicting psychological harm on unknowing research subjects.
And months later, when gripping protests broke out in Ferguson, Mo., over the police shooting of an unarmed teenager, critics demanded to know why the subject took so long to trend on Facebook, the site where one-third of Americans  reportedly get their news.
“This isn’t about Facebook per se—maybe it will do a good job, maybe not—but the fact that algorithmic filtering, as a layer, controls what you see on the Internet,” wrote the sociologist Zeynep Tufekci . “… Algorithms have consequences.”
What changed since 2006? Certainly not the natural animosity with which people greet each and every change to a familiar Web site — that will always come standard. But I suspect the shift in tone around News Feed is about more than just that knee-jerk Internet outrage. After all, we supply so much more information now that we did even one or two years ago: according to “Zuckerberg’s Law” — a theory named for, and articulated by, the Facebook founder himself — people share twice as much every year than they do the year before. There are also more people on Facebook: 1.32 billion active users today, compared to roughly 10 million when News Feed launched. It’s not just more ordinary users, either: There are more celebrities. More news organizations. More brands. So when we miss something now, we’re talking about loss on a much greater scale: hundreds or thousands of posts, as opposed to dozens, and with far more interesting or actionable content than, say, the results of the last Buzzfeed quiz your cubicle-mate took.
In 2012, Buchanan wrote, Internet-users celebrated the “joy of missing out.” As a million T-shirts and hashtags now attest, our attitude on that score has fundamentally reversed. It surely helps that, in the past two years, we’ve become all too aware of the insidious technological forces that watch and shape us: the NSA, data brokers, the dreaded “filter bubble” that Eli Pariser first identified in 2011 , and has since come to describe a slate of fears regarding literacy, bias and how unseen algorithms influence both.
“Everybody’s doing this,” Christian Rudder, the data scientist behind OkCupid — and an outspoken defender of Facebook’s algorithmic tweaks — stressed at a lecture in D.C. Monday night. When you Google something, an algorithm surfaces some results and buries others. When you look for a date, OkCupid necessarily hides thousands of people. You will never meet them; they may as well not exist.
And while that type of filtering may very well be necessary — Facebook would be unusable without it, a product manager told Mashable in 2012 — the idea that we do not choose it, that we do not control it, still unsettles.
“If a Facebook user posts and the algorithm decides that no one should hear it,” wrote The Atlantic’s Alexis Madrigal in 2010 , “did he really write something?”
Four years later, News Feed and its algorithms have changed a hundred times. But that question, at least, still haunts us.

Future group eyes big slice of food businessUpdated: September 24, 2014 00:24 IST
Future group eyes big slice of food business
Special Correspondent
company information
Sets up an integrated food park in Tumkur, plans two more in West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh
Kishore Biyani-led Future group, as part of its focus on making it big in the food business, plans to set up an integrated food park each in West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh.
Interacting with presspersons at Tumkur on Tuesday, where Future Consumer Enterprises Ltd has established its first such facility, Mr. Biyani, the Group CEO, said: “We will be one of the large food FMCG companies’’ within four years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to inaugurate the 110-acre India Food Park in Tumkur, entailing a phased investment of Rs.1,000 crore, on Wednesday. The facility has been created under a scheme formulated by the Ministry of Food Processing and received Rs.50 crore assistance. Much of the vegetables and fruits required for the processed foods will be sourced from the State.
By integrating the food value chain, from farm to plate, at a single location, the parks will help FCEL create a captive production capacity for its brands besides innovating to develop more products. The park, which will reduce supply chain costs and wastage across the chain, offers several common amenities and expected to play host to around 50 MSME units for food processing. It will have plants for manufacture of Indian savouries and snacks, frozen food products, dry fruits and nuts and chocolates. FCEL, which is keen on working with retailers such as Walmart and Metro Cash and Carry, is in talks with several companies for joint ventures. It has tied up with California-based Sunkist Growers to manufacture and market a range of food products.
On plans for more such parks, Mr. Biyani said talks with the Madhya Pradesh government for setting up a facility on 100 acres were expected to conclude in a fortnight. The other facility planned in Kharagpur, West Bengal, would come up on 65 acres.

The Invisible Hand Is in Your Pocket Nowreddit
Adam Smith's "invisible hand," describing the efficient operation of markets, has morphed into a something else: an invisible hand in my pocket and yours.
This woe comes now at every turn. Corporations - possibly egged on by the battalions of MBAs they employ - have discovered that they can con you by price legerdemain. They do this by imposing fees.
Airlines, banks and utilities play the fee game. Luxury resorts have joined in: You'll pay so much for the room, so much in taxes, and pay special fees if you want to do anything other than sit in it. Bottom line: You'll have pay more than you'd expect. The advertisements that lure you are disingenuous.
Take airline fees. You find an airfare and brace for the taxes. But - Oh, surprise, surprise! - you'll have to pay a hefty fee if you want more than one change of clothes at the other end. Want to board comfortably? Pay up. Want a seat where parts of your body don't meet other parts of your body in unnatural ways? Pay up. Have to change your flight? There's a change fee. Just pay up or stay put.
You could take the train, but you might not know that the only corridor of the national rail network that approaches international standards is the Northeast, running between Washington, New York and Boston. The trains aren't bad at all, but the ticket pricing is predatory and opaque. It puts the airlines to shame.
Amtrak train fares are priced according to minute-to-minute demand. On the no-frills train, a ticket from Boston to Washington can cost around $100 to $400, depending on when you buy your ticket and who else wants to travel at that moment. The result: Amtrak - with a $1.3 billion annual subsidy from you and me - operates a railroad for the well-heeled. Between Washington and New York for corporate lawyers; ditto to Boston with the addition of academics plying the consulting trade.
If you just need to get around the Northeast, take a bus. Or play airline roulette, where the fare fluctuations are held down by JetBlue and Southwest.
Then there is the new trend of companies partially shifting the burden of paying workers from themselves to you. Hotels are urging their luckless guests to tip the chambermaids. (I've always tipped them. But I fear this corporate move is designed to reduce their responsibility for paying their workers a living wage.) Fast-food outlets now have tip jars (begging bowls, really), so the poor servers behind the counter can be paid less because it is becoming a tip-calculated wage.
Now, take a look at the unmitigated scandal of interns: free labor. The government and Congress, the media, think tanks, accounting and consulting firms, and many others, have found the best-and-brightest will work for free, primarily in the summer, to learn the trade.
Fair enough? Not so. Unpaid interns get a leg up in their careers on their peers who can't afford to take those great jobs. If you worked hard all summer, serving ice cream to pay your tuition, your resume will be deficient and you won't make the important contacts. Interns ought to be paid the minimum wage, so all can start resume-building at the same starting line.
We are witnessing a vast change in the way we pay for things with tipping subsidizing companies, fees fattening airlines, banks and hotels against the interest - and often the foreknowledge - of the customer.
Adam Smith - so beloved by the people who are changing the nature of commerce with fees, concealed charges, predatory pricing, tips and free labor - was a canny Scot who liked to know what he was getting for the money he was paying. He must be restless in his grave.
Follow Llewellyn King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LlewellynKing2
More:

Sea-Faring Robots Could One Day Patrol the Oceanssea-faring robots could one day patrol the oceans
Real reforms needed to sustain EM growth© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ab958e4-3fe8-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indonesia eyes retail investors of futureIndonesia looks to retail investors of the future
By Ben Bland in Semarang, Central Java
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1df5c6ae-430d-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mars Mission: Centum Electronics Shares Up 200% Since LaunchThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The share prices of some component suppliers to India's mission to Mars have surged sharply since the spacecraft to the red planet was launched on November 5.
Today, the Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) Mars Orbiter Mission successfully entered the red planet's orbit. A successful landing could further boost shares in companies, traders said.
Since November 5, shares of Centum Electronics are up over 200 per cent while Walchandnagar Industries gained 80 per cent.
Nearly, two-thirds of the parts for the Mars rocket were made by domestic firms like Larsen & Toubro, Godrej & Boyce, and state plane-maker Hindustan Aeronautics.
Walchandnagar Industries, a Pune-headquartered company, made Rs 10 crore worth of parts for the Rs 450 crore Mars project. It had earlier said the project helped it win contracts worth double that amount for a state-run nuclear plant in Gujarat.
Another component supplier to Mars mission, Centrum Electronics, a Bangalore-based company, said this month that it received a new order of Rs 71 crore from a government enterprise for supply of a mission critical product.
Centum Electronics shares today gained 4.5 per cent to end at Rs 450 while Walchandnagar Industries fell 2 per cent to Rs 105.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:45 (IST)

Syrian opposition: Hit Assad  not just IS groupPrint
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 24, 2014 2:28 pm
The Western-backed Syrian political opposition is criticizing U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria for focusing on the Islamic State group and other extremists while leaving President Bashar Assad’s government untouched.
Syrian National Coalition chief Nasr al-Hariri said it regrets that the “international community has come up with partial solutions to the Syrian conflict in which hundreds of thousands were killed or detained by the Assad regime.”
In a Coalition statement released on Wednesday, al-Hariri also said that any effort other than helping Syrians overthrow Assad will only further fuel extremism.
The United States and its Arab allies began an air campaign on early Tuesday that aims to destroy the Islamic State group in Syria. The U.S. also struck the al-Qaida-affiliated Nusra Front.

Is This Killing Whole Foodsreddit
For years, Whole Foods has shrugged off criticism that it should be renamed "Whole Paycheck" because it is so expensive. But its high-priced reputation might finally be starting to hurt it.
The grocery chain's competitors are luring shoppers away with lower prices, threatening to unlock its long stranglehold on the market for organic food, according to a new note by analysts at Wolfe Research, a New York investment research firm.
Recently, stores ranging from Kroger to Walmart to Sprouts have undercut Whole Foods by bulking up their own, lower-priced healthy offerings.
In its latest quarter, Whole Foods reported that sales at stores open at least a year -- a key retail metric known as "same-store sales" -- rose 3.9 percent . That's not bad, but the company once regularly clocked same-store sales growth of about 8 percent . Its stock price, meanwhile, is down 40 percent since late October 2013.
“The emergence of the multi-pronged competitive attack on Whole Foods by generally lower-priced competitors suggests to us that Whole Foods’ business model faces a very real, clear and present danger,” Wolfe analysts wrote in a note last week.
Wolfe Research compared the average price of a basket of groceries at Whole Foods to average prices of baskets at prominent grocery stores in various regions. What they found is that Whole Foods' prices tended to be much higher across the board:
Whole Foods' prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods' produce prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods is responding by testing a rewards program and launching a national marketing campaign , two things the grocery giant has resisted for years. It has also lowered prices over the past several months, though shoppers have been slow to take notice .
Whole Foods co-CEO Walter Robb acknowledged the company's struggles in an interview with CNBC earlier this month . But he said that the steps the retailer has taken will ensure a “very bright future.”
Wolfe analysts argue that Whole Foods hasn't done enough to turn sluggish sales trends around. Even significantly lowering prices won't be enough, in their view.
Whole Foods did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More:

Rahul not adopting my son  says Priyanka; sends legal notice to newspapersSep 24, 2014 at 07:44pm IST
Rahul not adopting my son, says Priyanka; sends legal notice to newspapers
70
0
New Delhi: Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has served legal notices against a weekly newspaper and some other media organisations for publishing that she and her husband were giving their son up for adoption to her brother Rahul Gandhi to enable him to use the Gandhi surname.
Sources that Gandhi has threatened criminal and civil action for "defaming" her son and she is "determined to pursue legal remedy" against "false allegations and accusations" being made about her family.
The newspaper report had talked about speculation within top Congress circles on whether Rahul Gandhi is adopting his sister Priyanka's son Rehan so as to enable him to use the Gandhi surname. Priyanka rejected the report and called it a "malicious work of fiction".
The report speculated that Rahul Gandhi is adopting his sister's son Rehan so as to enable him to use the Gandhi surname.
#rahul gandhi #rehan gandhi #gandhi #priyanka gandhi
Gandhi said in the notice "To allege that a parent would willingly pass his/her child on to someone else as if he were an object devoid of emotion is morbid enough, but to ascribe to it the intention of perpetuating some sort of dynastic political aspiration is even more sickening." She has also taken strong objection to the report saying that Rahul Gandhi has been named as her son's guardian in his school admission forms.
Priyanka had recently also strongly denied speculation about her larger role in Congress like her being made an AICC general secretary or UP Congress chief. She had dismissed them as dismissed it as "conjecture" and "baseless rumours".
340

Mars Mission Opens India for Space BusinessAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

JP Power s deal with Reliance Power collapsesJaiprakash Power Ventures says hydropower deal with Reliance collapses
By Reuters | 24 Sep, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Hydropower deal: Rel Power calls off talks with JP Power
Hydropower deal: Rel Power calls off talks with JP Power
Jaiprakash said in a statement that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) fell apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects". 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd's deal to sell its hydropower business to Reliance Power Ltd has collapsed, underlining the struggle indebted Indian generators face trying to sell assets.
Jaiprakash said in a statement on Wednesday that talks with the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group ( ADAG ) had fallen apart due to a "difference of commercial aspects".
Reliance said the deal ended due to "prevailing regulatory uncertainties, and tariff issues, which impact valuations".
The deal for the three plants, with a combined capacity of 1,800 megawatts, was first announced in July and would have made Reliance the largest private power generator in India.
Like many Indian power and infrastructure companies, Jaiprakash, and parent Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have been trying to sell assets to pay down the large debts they racked up before a prolonged economic slowdown squeezed revenues and hit profitability.
Lanco Infratech and GVK Power & Infrastructure are among other firms trying to sell assets.
Closing deals has proven tough, with disagreements over valuations, and uncertainty over the price regulators will allow generators to charge for electricity, scuppering talks.
Reliance's bid for Jaiprakash's business followed the collapse earlier in July of a plan by Jaiprakash to sell two of the three plants for $1.6 billion to an Abu Dhabi-led consortium.
Shares in Jaiprakash Power, which have fallen about 30 per cent this year, closed down 5.54 per cent on Wednesday before the news that the talks with Reliance had ended. Shares in its parent company finished the day down 7.95 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

ISB alumni win Hult Prize  $1 mn funding fro...You are here: Home > Collections > Isb
ISB alumni win Hult Prize; $1 million funding from Clinton Global Initiative
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 08.38PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Rangnekar
(The prize was given away…)
MUMBAI: A group of five alumni from the Indian School of Business (ISB) has won the prestigious Hult Prize and a $1 million funding support from the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI).
The prize was given away by former US president Bill Clinton and Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank in New York last evening.
The winning team- Nano Health- consisted of Aditi Vaish, Ashish Bondia, Manish Ranjan, Pranav Kumar Maranganty, and Ramanathan Lakshmanan, all students of the Class of 2014 at the ISB.
"It's a proud moment for all of us at ISB, as our alumni team was the first ever entrant from India into the global finals," said ISB dean Ajit Rangnekar in a release.
The team studied healthcare courses, designed and offered by the Max Institute of Healthcare Management at the ISB. They also received assistance from the institute, faculty, and the D-Labs accelerator.
The objective of the HULT Prize, the largest student business plan competition in the world, is for teams to design a social enterprise - an annual challenge set by former US President Bill Clinton. "Solving Non-Communicable Diseases in the Urban Slums" was the challenge for participants this year. All teams had to propose solutions which would impact at least 25 million people in urban and semi urban areas. The ISB group competed against teams from the USA, Latin America, the Middle East and China.
Nano Health has received support from industry and the Telangana government to implement their business plan. They have recently partnered with GVK Biosciences' proprietary HEART (Health Emphasized Analytical and Reporting Tool)- a cloud-based healthcare analytics framework with multiple applications including the multilingual Disease Management Application.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Making a Difference: Reconnecting with dropoutssocial issues (general)
Advocate Senthil Kumar believes in keeping kids in school and runs a Home for children who have discontinued studying either by choice or force
N.Senthil Kumar is a practising advocate in Madurai District Court. But he spends more time outside the court. “I am always arguing and fighting for children’s right to education outside the court room,” he smiles.
The soft-spoken advocate likes to be surrounded by his little friends whom he has given shelter in “The Humanist Home for Children (HHC)” for the past seven years. There are 21 boys and 19 girls aged between four and 14 years who lead a life of dignity. Earlier they would loiter on the streets, work in the fields or simply waste time. Now, they attend classes and dream big.
It always disturbs me to see children working or wasting time when they ought to be in studying in school,” says Senthil. An accidental trip in 2003 to a Home for the mentally challenged children run by his friend in Thondi changed Senthil’s outlook to life forever.
“After returning I just could not get over the happy faces of the children I met,” he says. It motivated him to start a similar Home in Madurai. But when he went scouting for a place to house children with disabilities, he found it difficult to find one as no house owner was keen to let the house to mentally challenged kids.
That was also the time when the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan was operational across the country. Often Senthil would remember his school days in his native village Salvarpatti. His parents were poor and he would daily walk seven km. to the nearest Government school in Chatrapatti. “There were many other children from my village and other places on the way who were irregular and eventually dropped out. I have always seen the poor villagers suffer”, he says.
It was this feeling towards his fellow beings that gave Senthil the idea years later to set up a Home for school dropouts. In 2006, he founded the Peoples’ Foundation and two years later started bringing his village children who stop going to school.
There are always too many instabilities in a family, he says, from financial constraints to parents with drug or alcohol issues, or severe health and other issues in the family that children feel they have to work to help their parents. In the schools the child either struggles socially or falls so far behind in the class that he or she wants to give up. With the girls it is also the issue of safety and sanitation, he adds.
Senthil Kumar took a proactive approach to his village’s dropout problem. He went door-to-door convincing both the parents and the children about the importance of returning to school.
“I would use up all my free time tracking the students. It gave me a deeper insight into what they have to deal with at home,” he says. It took Senthil a few months to get the first two kids. “I found an eight-year-old girl taking care of her four siblings, the last one being five months old. Her father left home when he found that the fifth girl child was on her way and her mother died during the childbirth. Her aged grandmother was left to fend for the five sisters,” he recalls.
Moved by their condition, Senthil brought the two elder girls with him. Today one is in class XII and the other in class X, raring to take on the world. “Both of them are bright and are attending mainstream school on scholarship,” he informs.
Senthil started HHC with 14 kids, two teachers, a helper and a cook. The children study till class VIII at the orphanage and later depending on their aptitude go to high school or any diploma course. Once they move out to hostels or return to their homes, Senthil remains in touch and continues to support them with books, uniforms or fees as the case may be. So far, he has helped over 200 school dropouts finish class VIII from HHC.
This is the seventh year of his dropout prevention blitz and he is far from getting over his teething problems. Senthil Kumar dreams of his own building for running the orphanage. He shares a little secret. An elderly gentleman in the neighbourhood was so impressed with his work and dedication that he gave his daughter in marriage to him. “Otherwise many people must be thinking I am crazy spending my entire earnings on the Home,” he says.
His financial condition has been so tight that he has also been forced to pawn his wife’s jewellery. But that does not seem to bother the young couple. They are happy upgrading the lives of children.
“Barring one or two, I have not encountered a kid who does not want to go to school, says Senthil Kumar. “It is not that the children without opportunities do not care about their future,” he says, “it is just that they do not have a vision and therefore, require guidance and some help.”
“I am trying to be that help,” he adds.
(Making a difference is a fortnightly column about ordinary people and events that leave an extraordinary impact on us. E-mail soma.basu@thehindu.co.in to tell her about someone you know who is making a difference)

Alliance difficult if conditions are impossible: Prithviraj Chavan3
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday said that the alliance with NCP for next month's Assembly elections would be difficult to sew up if "impossible" conditions were laid down.
"Congress is keen on continuing the alliance with NCP to keep the communal forces at bay. But if impossible conditions are put, things become difficult. Had the talks been started without pre-conditions, we would have sorted out all the issues by now," Chavan said, talking to reporters in Karad in western Maharashtra.
He refused to confirm if the NCP had asked for Chief Minister's post for half the term if voted back to power. But his cabinet colleague and senior Congress leader Narayan Rane confirmed this, saying that Chavan was in talks with Congress high command on the issue and a decision would be taken later this evening.
Prithviraj Chavan  refused to confirm if the NCP had asked for Chief Minister's post for half the term if voted back to power.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #prithviraj chavan #ncp
Addressing his supporters in Karad earlier, Chavan said that he would work for the development of the city from where he is planning to contest Assembly election. "Karad is my hometown and I owe everything I have to this town. It is time that I repaid the people for the various opportunities they have given me," he said.
He added that though he spent many years in Delhi, he never abdicated his responsibility towards the people of his state and his hometown. "Four-lane roads as well as Karad-Chiplun rail route have been built to ensure better connectivity. With international-standard turf wicket, the Chhatrapati Shivaji stadium was redeveloped," he said, citing the infrastructure works carried out in Karad during his tenure.
He also mentioned that an agricultural college and a hotel management institute were set up in the area.
0

Diplomacy not event management: Congress to Modi on Chinese intrusions16
0
New Delhi: Accusing the Narendra Modi government of not being serious about Chinese intrusions, Congress on Wednesday demanded that the Prime Minister appoint a Special Representative to carry forward the talks on border issues as "diplomacy is not event management".
"I would like to advice Prime Minister that diplomacy is not event management, state craft is very complex. He should show seriousness by appointing the Special Representative so that he can engage with Representative of Chinese government and Chinese President to discuss this border issue," Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said.
He said that the repeated intrusions were a matter of grave national concern and the party hopes that the government through its diplomacy and state craft will succeed in diffusing tensions on the border in the spirit of agreement on guiding principles signed in 2005.
Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said that the Prime Minister and his government knew for long that Chinese President Xi Jinping was visiting in September.
#congress #tracking the modi government #xi jinping #chinese intrusions
"That agreement also envisages the Special Representatives mechanism to take forward the negotiations for the settlement of the border between China and India," he said.
Briefing reporters at AICC, the former Union Minister said that the Prime Minister and his government knew for long that Chinese President Xi Jinping was visiting in September. "The government and the Prime Minister was busy in managing in a grand manner the event, as it should be because it is an important visit, but they forgot that he as a Prime Minister has not appointed or nominated a Special Representative," he said.
Sharma said that when a Congress delation led by Sonia Gandhi met Xi, the party had very clearly said that peace on the border and the solution of the border issues through talks is necessary for the partnership in economy and development to grow.
Asked about Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju's alleged comments that the border issue dates back to UPA, Sharma said the minister was young. "He is a young minsiter....He is not giving any new knowledge but it will be good if he gains knowledge for himself because this is an old and complex issue.
"I sympathise with Rijiju that Modi did not invite a Minister of State for Home to his banquet or that of President's because he is from a state which the Gujarat government has shown as diputed in its map," he said. Rubbing it in, he said Rijiju should lodge his protest with Modi and the Prime Minister should apologise to him.
6

Delhi: Special DTC buses during Navratra festival10
1
New Delhi: In view of Navratra festival, Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) has decided to run additional buses on routes passing through famous temples of the national capital.
According to DTC, the corporation's traffic supervisory staff will also be deputed at all strategic points to extend all possible help to the commuters.
"Keeping in view the large number of devotees, Delhi Transport Corporation has arranged special additional buses on route numbers 450 and 516 for Chhatarpur Mandir, Kalkaji Mandir and Jhandewalan Mandir," said a senior DTC official.
According to DTC, the corporation's traffic supervisory staff will also be deputed at all strategic points to extend all possible help to the commuters.
The official also said that these buses will be operated in the evening shift for the convenience of commuters.
1

Indian-origin taxi driver in Australia to face molestation trial4
0
Melbourne: A 28-year-old Indian-origin taxi driver in Australia will face trial for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman passenger.
Sunil Kumar Saharan will face trial for repeatedly assaulting a woman after picking her up alongwith her four other friends from the Perth suburb of Victoria Park earlier this month.
The alleged offences took place while the woman was in the front passenger seat and her four friends were in the rear of the taxi.
The alleged offences took place while the woman was in the front passenger seat and her four friends were in the rear of the taxi.
Meanwhile, Saharan on Wednesday pleaded not guilty to the six charges against him in the Perth Magistrates Court. He was released on bail until he appears in court again in December, ABC news reported.
0

Ebola slams West African economiesOctober 9, 2014 -- Updated 0804 GMT (1604 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
The biggest Ebola outbreak in history is taking its toll in Western Africa
Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea are among the most vulnerable economies in Africa
The epidemic could cost the continent's economies $32 billion over the next two years
(CNN) -- The price of cassava, a root vegetable that is a staple ingredient in Liberian diets, shot up in August.
In the Redlight Markets of Monrovia, the Ebola-stricken country's capital, Liberians were forced to pay 150% more for cassava, a basic for flour and bread.
It's a small example, noted by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, which represents massive economic pain hitting the countries of West Africa. The total cost is now estimated to hit $32 billion over the next two years if it spreads to its larger neighbors, according to a World Bank report issued Wednesday.
Liberia has suffered most in the epidemic, which has killed more than 3,800 people and delivered an economic shock to some of Africa's most vulnerable economies.
Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could rise to between 550,000 and 1.4 million by January if there are no additional interventions, a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report warned.
Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea -- the three countries facing the biggest health crisis -- are also facing huge bills to try and contain the virus.
Tracing Ebola victim's contacts
U.S. Ebola labs open in Liberia
Anger, fear on streets of Spain
A health worker wearing a protective suit assists patients at the Ebola treatment center run by the French Red Cross in Macenta, Guinea, on Friday, November 21. Health officials say the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is the deadliest ever. More than 5,400 people have died there, according to the World Health Organization.
A man moves down the escalator at the arrivals section of the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Wednesday, November 19. A 26-year-old Indian man who recovered from Ebola in Liberia has been placed in isolation at the New Delhi airport after traces of the virus were found in his semen, according to India's Health Ministry.
Health workers in protective suits transport Dr. Martin Salia from a jet that brought him from Sierra Leone to a waiting ambulance in Omaha, Nebraska, on Saturday, November 15. Salia died early Monday, November 17, after being brought to the United States for treatment of Ebola.
A child who survived the Ebola virus is fed by another survivor at a treatment center on the outskirts of Freetown, Sierra Leone, during a Tuesday, November 11, ceremony at which 63 survivors at the center were discharged.
Health workers in Monrovia, Liberia, cover the body of a man suspected of dying from the Ebola virus on Friday, October 31.
Kaci Hickox leaves her home in Fort Kent, Maine, to take a bike ride with her boyfriend on Thursday, October 30. Hickox, a nurse, recently returned to the United States from West Africa, where she treated Ebola victims. State authorities wanted her to avoid public places for 21 days -- the virus' incubation period. But Hickox, who twice tested negative for Ebola, said she would defy efforts to keep her quarantined at home.
Crew members at an airport in Accra, Ghana, unload supplies sent from China on Wednesday, October 29.
Health officials in Nairobi, Kenya, prepare to screen passengers arriving at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport on Tuesday, October 28.
Amber Vinson, one of the two Dallas nurses who were diagnosed with Ebola, embraces Emory University Hospital epidemiologist Dr. Bruce Ribner after being discharged from the Atlanta hospital on October 28. Vinson and the other nurse, Nina Pham, have both been declared Ebola-free.
Hickox sent CNN this image of the tent where she was initially being isolated for Ebola monitoring Sunday, October 26, in New Jersey. Hospital officials told CNN the indoor tent was in a climate-controlled extended-care facility adjacent to a hospital.
U.S. President Barack Obama hugs Ebola survivor Nina Pham in the Oval Office of the White House on Friday, October 24. Pham, one of the two Dallas nurses who were diagnosed with the virus, was declared Ebola-free after being treated at a hospital in Bethesda, Maryland.
Police officers on Thursday, October 23, stand outside the New York City apartment of Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders physician who recently returned from West Africa and tested positive for Ebola. He was later declared Ebola-free.
Health workers in Port Loko, Sierra Leone, transport the body of a person who is suspected to have died of Ebola on Tuesday, October 21.
RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of the California Nurses Association and National Nurses United, talks to reporters in Sacramento, California, after meeting with Gov. Jerry Brown to discuss the Ebola crisis on October 21.
Health workers bury a body on the outskirts of Monrovia on Monday, October 20.
Christine Wade, a registered nurse at the University of Texas Medical Branch, greets Carnival Magic passengers disembarking in Galveston, Texas, on Sunday, October 19. Nurses met passengers with Ebola virus fact sheets and were available to answer any questions. A Dallas health care worker was in voluntary isolation aboard the cruise ship because of her potential contact with the Ebola virus. She had shown no signs of the disease, however.
Garteh Korkoryah, center, is comforted during a memorial service for her son, Thomas Eric Duncan, on Saturday, October 18, in Salisbury, North Carolina. Duncan, a 42-year-old Liberian citizen, died October 8 in a Dallas hospital. He was in the country to visit his son and his son's mother, and he was the first person in the United States to be diagnosed with Ebola.
An airplane carrying Nina Pham arrives at an airport in Frederick, Maryland, on Thursday, October 16. Pham is one of the two nurses who were diagnosed with Ebola after treating Duncan. Pham was sent to Maryland to be treated at a National Institutes of Health hospital, and she was declared Ebola-free several days later.
Boys run from blowing dust as a U.S. military aircraft leaves the construction site of an Ebola treatment center in Tubmanburg, Liberia, on Wednesday, October 15.
Aid workers from the Liberian Medical Renaissance League stage an Ebola awareness event October 15 in Monrovia. The group performs street dramas throughout Monrovia to educate the public on Ebola symptoms and how to handle people who are infected with the virus.
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks to the media about Ebola during a meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House on October 15. Obama said his administration will respond to new Ebola cases "in a much more aggressive way," taking charge of the issue after the second Texas nurse was diagnosed with the disease.
A U.S. Marine looks out from an MV-22 Osprey aircraft before landing at the site of an Ebola treatment center under construction in Tubmanburg on October 15. It is the first of 17 Ebola treatment centers to be built by Liberian army soldiers and American troops as part of the U.S. response to the epidemic.
A man dressed in protective clothing treats the front porch of a Dallas apartment where one of the infected nurses resides on Sunday, October 12.
Ebola survivors prepare to leave a Doctors Without Borders treatment center after recovering from the virus in Paynesville, Liberia, on October 12.
A member of the Liberian army stands near a U.S. aircraft Saturday, October 11, in Tubmanburg.
A woman crawls toward the body of her sister as a burial team takes her away for cremation Friday, October 10, in Monrovia. The sister had died from Ebola earlier in the morning while trying to walk to a treatment center, according to her relatives.
Ebola survivor Joseph Yensy prepares to be discharged from the Doctors Without Borders treatment center in Paynesville on Sunday, October 5.
Sanitized boots dry at the Doctors Without Borders treatment center in Paynesville on October 5.
Residents of an Ebola-affected township take home kits distributed by Doctors Without Borders on Saturday, October 4, in New Kru Town, Liberia. The kits, which include buckets, soap, gloves, anti-contamination gowns, plastic bags, a spray bottle and masks, are meant to give people some level of protection if a family member becomes sick.
A person peeks out from the Dallas apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed with the Ebola virus in the United States, was staying on Friday, October 3.
A girl cries as community activists approach her outside her Monrovia home on Thursday, October 2, a day after her mother was taken to an Ebola ward.
Marie Nyan, whose mother died of Ebola, carries her 2-year-old son, Nathaniel Edward, to an ambulance in the Liberian village of Freeman Reserve on Tuesday, September 30.
A health official uses a thermometer Monday, September 29, to screen a Ukrainian crew member on the deck of a cargo ship at the Apapa port in Lagos, Nigeria.
Children pray during Sunday service at the Bridgeway Baptist Church in Monrovia on Sunday, September 28.
Residents of the St. Paul Bridge neighborhood in Monrovia take a man suspected of having Ebola to a clinic on September 28.
Workers move a building into place as part of a new Ebola treatment center in Monrovia on September 28.
Medical staff members at the Doctors Without Borders facility in Monrovia burn clothes belonging to Ebola patients on Saturday, September 27.
A health worker in Freetown, Sierra Leone, sprays disinfectant around the area where a man sits before loading him into an ambulance on Wednesday, September 24.
Medics load an Ebola patient onto a plane at Sierra Leone's Freetown-Lungi International Airport on Monday, September 22.
A few people are seen in Freetown during a three-day nationwide lockdown on Sunday, September 21. In an attempt to curb the spread of the Ebola virus, people in Sierra Leone were told to stay in their homes.
Supplies wait to be loaded onto an aircraft at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on Saturday, September 20. It was the largest single shipment of aid to the Ebola zone to date, and it was coordinated by the Clinton Global Initiative and other U.S. aid organizations.
A child stops on a Monrovia street Friday, September 12, to look at a man who is suspected of suffering from Ebola.
Health workers on Wednesday, September 10, carry the body of a woman who they suspect died from the Ebola virus in Monrovia.
A woman in Monrovia carries the belongings of her husband, who died after he was infected by the Ebola virus.
Health workers in Monrovia place a corpse into a body bag on Thursday, September 4.
After an Ebola case was confirmed in Senegal, people load cars with household items as they prepare to cross into Guinea from the border town of Diaobe, Senegal, on Wednesday, September 3.
Crowds cheer and celebrate in the streets Saturday, August 30, after Liberian authorities reopened the West Point slum in Monrovia. The military had been enforcing a quarantine on West Point, fearing a spread of the Ebola virus.
A health worker wearing a protective suit conducts an Ebola prevention drill at the port in Monrovia on Friday, August 29.
Volunteers working with the bodies of Ebola victims in Kenema, Sierra Leone, sterilize their uniforms on Sunday, August 24.
A guard stands at a checkpoint Saturday, August 23, between the quarantined cities of Kenema and Kailahun in Sierra Leone.
A burial team from the Liberian Ministry of Health unloads bodies of Ebola victims onto a funeral pyre at a crematorium in Marshall, Liberia, on Friday, August 22.
Dr. Kent Brantly leaves Emory University Hospital on Thursday, August 21, after being declared no longer infectious from the Ebola virus. Brantly was one of two American missionaries brought to Emory for treatment of the deadly virus.
Family members of West Point district commissioner Miata Flowers flee the slum in Monrovia while being escorted by the Ebola Task Force on Wednesday, August 20.
An Ebola Task Force soldier beats a local resident while enforcing a quarantine on the West Point slum on August 20.
Local residents gather around a very sick Saah Exco, 10, in a back alley of the West Point slum on Tuesday, August 19. The boy was one of the patients that was pulled out of a holding center for suspected Ebola patients after the facility was overrun and closed by a mob on August 16. A local clinic then refused to treat Saah, according to residents, because of the danger of infection. Although he was never tested for Ebola, Saah's mother and brother died in the holding center.
A burial team wearing protective clothing retrieves the body of a 60-year-old Ebola victim from his home near Monrovia on Sunday, August 17.
lija Siafa, 6, stands in the rain with his 10-year-old sister, Josephine, while waiting outside Doctors Without Borders' Ebola treatment center in Monrovia on August 17. The newly built facility will initially have 120 beds, making it the largest-ever facility for Ebola treatment and isolation.
Brett Adamson, a staff member from Doctors Without Borders, hands out water to sick Liberians hoping to enter the new Ebola treatment center on August 17.
Workers prepare the new Ebola treatment center on August 17.
A body, reportedly a victim of Ebola, lies on a street corner in Monrovia on Saturday, August 16.
Liberian police depart after firing shots in the air while trying to protect an Ebola burial team in the West Point slum of Monrovia on August 16. A crowd of several hundred local residents reportedly drove away the burial team and their police escort. The mob then forced open an Ebola isolation ward and took patients out, saying the Ebola epidemic is a hoax.
A crowd enters the grounds of an Ebola isolation center in the West Point slum on August 16. The mob was reportedly shouting, "No Ebola in West Point."
A health worker disinfects a corpse after a man died in a classroom being used as an Ebola isolation ward Friday, August 15, in Monrovia.
A boy tries to prepare his father before they are taken to an Ebola isolation ward August 15 in Monrovia.
Kenyan health officials take passengers' temperature as they arrive at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport on Thursday, August 14, in Nairobi, Kenya.
A hearse carries the coffin of Spanish priest Miguel Pajares after he died at a Madrid hospital on Tuesday, August 12. Pajares, 75, contracted Ebola while he was working as a missionary in Liberia.
Health workers in Kenema screen people for the Ebola virus on Saturday, August 9, before they enter the Kenema Government Hospital.
Paramedics in protective suits move Pajares, the infected Spanish priest, at Carlos III Hospital in Madrid on Thursday, August 7. He died five days later.
Nurses carry the body of an Ebola victim from a house outside Monrovia on Wednesday, August 6.
A Nigerian health official wears protective gear August 6 at Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos.
Officials with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta sit in on a conference call about Ebola with CDC team members deployed in West Africa on Tuesday, August 5.
Aid worker Nancy Writebol, wearing a protective suit, gets wheeled on a gurney into Emory University Hospital in Atlanta on August 5. A medical plane flew Writebol from Liberia to the United States after she and her colleague Dr. Kent Brantly were infected with the Ebola virus in the West African country.
Nigerian health officials are on hand to screen passengers at Murtala Muhammed International Airport on Monday, August 4.
Nurses wearing protective clothing are sprayed with disinfectant Friday, August 1, in Monrovia after they prepared the bodies of Ebola victims for burial.
A nurse disinfects the waiting area at the ELWA Hospital in Monrovia on Monday, July 28.
In this photo provided by Samaritan's Purse, Dr. Kent Brantly, left, treats an Ebola patient in Monrovia. On July 26, the North Carolina-based group said Brantly tested positive for the disease. Days later, Brantly arrived in Georgia to be treated at an Atlanta hospital, becoming the first Ebola patient to knowingly be treated in the United States.
A doctor puts on protective gear at the treatment center in Kailahun on Sunday, July 20.
Members of Doctors Without Borders adjust tents in the isolation area in Kailahun on July 20.
Boots dry in the Ebola treatment center in Kailahun on July 20.
Dr. Jose Rovira of the World Health Organization takes a swab from a suspected Ebola victim in Pendembu, Sierra Leone, on Friday, July 18.
Red Cross volunteers disinfect each other with chlorine after removing the body of an Ebola victim from a house in Pendembu on July 18.
A doctor works in the field laboratory at the Ebola treatment center in Kailahun on Thursday, July 17.
Doctors Without Borders staff prepare to enter the isolation ward at an Ebola treatment center in Kailahun on July 17.
Dr. Mohamed Vandi of the Kenema Government Hospital trains community volunteers who will aim to educate people about Ebola in Sierra Leone.
A woman has her temperature taken at a screening checkpoint on the road out of Kenema on Wednesday, July 9.
A member of Doctors Without Borders puts on protective gear at the isolation ward of the Donka Hospital in Conakry on Saturday, June 28.
Airport employees check passengers in Conakry before they leave the country on Thursday, April 10.
A Guinea-Bissau customs official watches arrivals from Conakry on Tuesday, April 8.
Egidia Almeida, a nurse in Guinea-Bissau, scans a Guinean citizen coming from Conakry on April 8.
A scientist separates blood cells from plasma cells to isolate any Ebola RNA and test for the virus Thursday, April 3, at the European Mobile Laboratory in Gueckedou, Guinea.
Health specialists work Monday, March 31, at an isolation ward for patients at the facility in southern Guinea.
The Ebola epidemic

Indbank Merchan director Rajeevan Pillay G resignsSep 24, 2014, 09.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indbank Merchan director Rajeevan Pillay G resigns
Indbank Merchant Banking Services has informed about the changes have taken place in the Board of Directors of the Company Rajeevan Pillay G, Non-Executive-Nominee Director of Indian Bank has resigned as Director from the Board on May 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indbank Merchan director Rajeevan Pillay G resigns
Indbank Merchant Banking Services has informed about the changes have taken place in the Board of Directors of the Company Rajeevan Pillay G, Non-Executive-Nominee Director of Indian Bank has resigned as Director from the Board on May 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Indbank Merchant Banking Services Ltd has informed BSE about the following changes have taken place in the Board of Directors of the Company:Shri Rajeevan Pillay G, Non-Executive-Nominee Director of Indian Bank has resigned as Director from the Board on May 31, 2014 consequent to his superannuation from the services of Indian Bank which was accepted and taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Company on August 09, 2014.Shri K. Udaya Bhaskara Reddy has been co-opted as a Non-Executive-Nominee Director of Indian Bank on the Board with effect from August 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Pushpsons Industries: Outcome of board meetingSep 24, 2014, 09.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pushpsons Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Pushpsons Industries Board Meeting held on August 08, 2014 with regard to the Voluntary Delisting of the Equity Shares of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Chapter VII of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 the Board of Directors in their meeting held on September 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pushpsons Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Pushpsons Industries Board Meeting held on August 08, 2014 with regard to the Voluntary Delisting of the Equity Shares of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Chapter VII of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 the Board of Directors in their meeting held on September 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Pushpsons Industries Ltd has informed BSE that in consideration to the decision taken in the Board Meeting held on August 08, 2014 with regard to the Voluntary Delisting of the Equity Shares of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Chapter VII of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009, the Board of Directors in their meeting held onSeptember 22, 2014, inter-alia, have taken following decisions:1. Appointed Mr. Ashish Kumar Friends, Practising Company Secretary as Scrutinizer in compliance with the provisions of Section 110 of the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, to conduct the entire Postal Ballot process for obtaining prior approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of a Special Resolution, in a fair and transparent manner;2. Considered and approved the draft Postal Ballot Notice and authorized Mr. Pankaj Jain and / or Mr. Dinesh Jain, Directors of the Company to sign the Postal Ballot Notice, and other requisite documents for seeking approval of the shareholders for giving effect to the proposal of Voluntary Delisting.3. Appointed Corporate Professionals Capital Private Limited as the Merchant Banker for determination of Exit Price in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 27(3)(a) of Chapter VII of SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009.Source : BSE

India Nippon Electricals: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 24, 2014, 09.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India Nippon Electricals: Updates on outcome of AGM
India Nippon Electricals has informed regarding Proceedings of the 29th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014 and Chairman's Speech.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Nippon Electricals: Updates on outcome of AGM
India Nippon Electricals has informed regarding Proceedings of the 29th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014 and Chairman's Speech.
Post your opinion here
 
India Nippon Electricals Ltd has informed BSE regarding Proceedings of the 29th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014 and Chairman's Speech.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

How Costs Have Surged for US Middle-Class FamiliesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

O Hare s Terminal 1 reopens after no threat foundO'Hare's Terminal 1 reopened after police clear unattended bag
Traveler describes evacuation situation at O'Hare Airport
Chicagoan Nicole was trying to catch a flight out of O'Hare when the evacuation happened.
Chicagoan Nicole was trying to catch a flight out of O'Hare when the evacuation happened.
O'Hare International Airport
Part of O'Hare Terminal 1 evacuated
Terminal 1 at O'Hare International Airport has been reopened after an unattended bag was inspected and found not to contain anything dangerous, police said.

Prairie Alight With Natural Gas Burn-Offprairie alight with natural gas burn-off
Prefer Reliance Industries  ONGC: Quantum SecuritiesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer Reliance Industries, ONGC: Quantum Securities
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 39 sec

Jack Ma is now China s richest manAlibaba founder Jack Ma now China's richest man
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 23, 2014: 6:59 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Jack Ma is now officially China's richest man, just days after he floated Alibaba in the world's biggest IPO.
Ma has soared to the top of the China annual rich list, compiled by the Hurun Report, with an estimated fortune of $25 billion.
Ma -- who didn't even make the top 10 last year -- has seen his wealth balloon after Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 )'s stock rocketed 38% in New York on Friday, its first day of trading. His firm raised $25 billion in its debut, smashing the previous record for a stock market listing.
The former English teacher's wealth is derived primarily from his holdings in Alibaba, and closely-related company Alipay, according to Hurun.
Another Alibaba co-founder, Simon Xie Shihuang, also makes the Hurun list. He's worth $1.6 billion.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Ma beat out Wang Jianlin, the owner of one of China's largest real estate developers, for the top spot in Hurun's list.
Hurun puts Wang's net worth at $24.2 billion. Li Hejun, who runs a giant clean energy firm called Hanergy, is tied in third place with Zong Qinghou, founder and CEO of China's leading beverage company. In fifth is Tencent ( TCEHY ) CEO Pony Ma.
Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ) CEO Robin Li held onto sixth place with $17.5 billion.
Some notable newbies in the top 10 include Liu Qiangdong, CEO of JD.com -- one of Alibaba's rivals in e-commerce.
Liu rocketed up the list after his firm launched its IPO in May, raising $1.8 billion. Lei Jun, founder of smartphone company Xiaomi , completes the list in 10th spot.
Tech entrepreneurs account for half the top 10, manufacturing and real estate tycoons the rest.
"It has been an amazing year for China's best tycoons despite the jitters about the Chinese economy," Hurun said, although it cautioned that the government's anti-corruption campaign had also affected private wealth.
Seven individuals in trouble with the authorities have been knocked off this year's list.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 6:59 AM ET
Most Popular

Rupee Likely to End 2014 at 61 Despite Strong Dollar: BofA-MLDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
New Delhi: The sensitivity of Asian currencies including the rupee against the dollar has "fallen" this year and the Indian currency is expected to end 2014 at 61 despite strength in the greenback, according to a report by Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
The global financial services major has also revised its end-2015 forecast to 60 after factoring in a stronger balance of payments (BoP).
"The RBI's range of tolerance for dollar/rupee and its intention to build reserves will be the single-biggest driver of the rupee over our forecast horizon, in our view," the report said.
"A stronger dollar is a clear downside risk for the rupee but our estimates suggest the sensitivity to the DXY index has fallen," BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that the Indian currency can stay below 62.
The rupee on Tuesday fell by 11 paise to 60.93 against the dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange market due to increased demand for the US currency from importers.
Meanwhile, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has also indicated that the 60-62 was a reasonable range given underlying fundamentals.
The global brokerage firm further said that BoP would be rupee-supportive.
"Our estimates place India's current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15 and basic BoP deficit at roughly 1 per cent of GDP by FY16, consistent with a stronger level of the rupee," the report noted.
In the quarter ended June, current account deficit, which indicates imports of goods services and transfer are higher than their exports, stood at $7.8 billion, or 1.7 per cent of GDP.
The BofA-ML report further noted that the apex bank would need to raise $40 billion just to maintain import cover at the current eight months.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 16:39 (IST)

Economy Still in Dire State: Nirmal BangYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Economy Still in Dire State: Hemindra Hazari
Published On:                  September 23, 2014                 | Duration: 21 min, 54 sec

Chance for public to weigh in on future of FBI headquartersBy Jonathan O'Connell September 23 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Greenbelt Metro Station, one of the sites being considered for the FBI headquarters. (Evy Mages/For The Washington Post)
The General Services Administration is considering three sites for a new FBI headquarters and the agency has begun soliciting input from the public on what consolidating 11,000 employees in a new location would mean for surrounding communities.
Beginning Monday night, the GSA launched a series of forums to analyze the potential impact of the relocation on the final sites, in Greenbelt, Landover and Springfield, as well as around the current headquarters at the J. Edgar Hoover Building, which stands to be redeveloped if the FBI relocates.
The GSA is gathering the information as part of the process of preparing an Environmental Impact Statement, as required by federal law.
Not everyone in Springfield views the prospect of the FBI locating near a series of highway interchanges known as the mixing bowl as a good thing. One resident told WJLA-TV Monday that traffic there is already “a zoo” and that the headquarters should move to Maryland.
The Springfield meeting was held at Robert E. Lee High School. The other meetings are as follows:
Greenbelt meeting: Tues., Sept. 23, from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. at Greenbelt Branch Library, in first floor auditorium, 11 Crescent Rd.
Hoover Building meeting: Wed., Oct. 1 from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. at the District Architecture Center, 421 7th St. NW.
Landover meeting: Thurs., Oct. 2 from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. at Prince George’s Sports and Learning Complex, 8001 Sheriff Rd., Landover.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Which States Should Secede From the UnionTime to be its own country once again?
Photo by Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in the Daily Intelligencer.
Britain has decided to remain whole, but the secession fever gripping the world has not yet broken. Catalonia will hold a nonbinding vote on  independence in November , and a number of other European regions are contemplating  going it alone.
Advertisement
There’s always some idle secession chatter in the freedom-and-independence-loving United States, too. A new poll shows  one in four Americans  support “the idea of your state peacefully withdrawing from the United States of America and the federal government.” 
But could it ever be more than a rhetorical phenomenon in the States? It seems unlikely, given that those who benefit most from union are those most interested in secession. 
Here’s from a recent poll on  who wants to leave :
Secession got more support from Republicans than Democrats, more from right- than left-leaning independents, more from younger than older people, more from lower- than higher-income brackets, more from high school than college grads. … Of the people who said they identified with the Tea Party, supporters of secession were actually in the majority, with 53 percent. 
In other words, it’s recipients of government largess who want to get out. It’s net donors to the government who want to stay. To wit, only one in five residents of the wealthy New England states  supports secession, separatist-lusty Vermont included, versus one in three residents of the poorer southwest, where the urge is more pronounced.
In the United States, the most likely breakaway is Texas, and there’s at least some reason to believe it might do fine as an independent republic. It has access to international waterways. It has a diversified economy, with all that cattle and oil money coming in. It has a long foreign border with Mexico. Most of all, it has that independent spirit.
But it takes a lot more than grit to make it as a new country—and generally, the poorer, smaller, and less-diversified the state, the worse it would fare after independence. Secession itself would also be extremely costly, though  how costly  would depend on whether the United States acceded to the plan ( not likely ) and how much it wanted to antagonize New Kansas or Free Texas or what have you. Would it forgive said state's debts? Would it implement airspace restrictions, travel restrictions, sanctions, or even a full embargo? Might it bar a new country from the  global payments system ? 
But let’s say we’re in a heartless, rationalist thunderdome-type situation. In that case, who deserves to get kicked out?
Alas, it probably makes sense to ax a poor state like West Virginia. A few states send Washington more money in taxes than they receive in benefits. But most  get a lot more  than they give. In West Virginia, the disparity ranks among the highest, primarily because the state is so poor. The  average household there  makes $43,500 a year. In Maryland, it’s $72,000. Combine that with high rates of disability and heavy use of social programs, and West Virginians take almost $3 for every $1 they pay in. That’s using 2010 data. Now that the hugely redistributive Affordable Care Act is in place—taxing the rich, giving health insurance to the poor—the skew is likely greater.
By the same token, rich states like New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, and Connecticut end up donating tax dollars to get pushed out to the lower-income frontier. Such rich economies would be well suited to going alone—especially if they banded together to maximize their economic diversity and the potential of their physical infrastructure. The Thirteen Colonies, for instance, might make for a lovely new country.
All else equal, we’d probably notice the change the least if we got rid of Wyoming, which has the smallest population. Since it’s part of the contiguous lower-48, though, it might make more sense to dispense with the former monarchy of Hawaii, which as the economist Tyler Cowen has noted, is culturally distinct and  hard to defend. Alaska also seems like a good option. It has oil resources to support it. It has a small, hardy,  heavily armed  population. And, along with Texas and Vermont, it keeps threatening to secede anyway. 
But finally, we come to the States that are just asking for it, namely Florida, America’s lunatic dongle, and Ohio, our land of  pool-raft fuckers  and skyline chili. If they left, would we really miss them?
Top Comment
"America's lunatic dongle."  All in favor of making that Florida's official state name?  Don't even need to wait - the ayes have it!   More...
-Sarcastro3
Join In
But there is, of course, a reason they never do—just like why Scotland never did. Cleaving a part of a country away from another makes sense in some rare cases—when countries’ polities are deeply cleaved on political, economic, or  social lines, for instance. It’s hard to imagine the largely united if decidedly federalist United States ever wanting to go down the same path. And it is worth noting that it’s more likely that we’ll get  additions   rather than  subtractions in the coming years.

Infiniti unveils Q80 concept flagshipInfiniti unveils Q80 concept flagship
Infiniti Q80 concept car
Infiniti's Q80 concept foretells a four-door flagship that aims at the Porsche Panamera.
Infiniti Q80 concept promises hybrid drivetrain, teardrop window and a very likely chance at mass production.
Weeks ahead of October's Paris Motor Show, Infiniti revealed more details and one full image of a four-door coupe concept that previews a future flagship. It's the second time we've heard of the Q80 Inspiration, coming weeks after Nissan's luxury brand released a teaser image earlier this month . The latest image shows a sedan-meets-hatchback amalgamation with cab-rearward styling, a hybrid drivetrain and enormous wheels. 
Diesel and luxury are no longer regarded with irony. The new class of diesel luxury sedans are nothing like their obnoxious and fossilized predecessors and their performance is superior in torque and fuel economy than luxury hybrids. ( Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune )
Absent side mirrors or door handles — substantial ones, at least — the Q80 Inspiration's lines run hollow along the sides but widen into a larger rear end with some interesting taillight visuals. Rear-hinged doors open at the B-pillars, and 22-inch wheels fill the fenders. The glass roof extends down the rear into a sort of teardrop window, and the profile magnifies Infiniti's forward C-pillar kick, which we've seen in subtler form on the Q30 concept  and Q50 production cars.
@fluffypants Interesting. Bet it smells like money.
Robert Duffer
2
How much of this will make it to production? We'll see; it is called an "inspiration" after all. Infiniti restricted interior details to one mention about a "highly stylized and personalized ambiance" with plenty of carbon fiber, aluminum and leather. Without more images, it's hard to tell if the Q80 Inspiration is a long way off from production or, like last year's Q30, relatively close.
At 198.9 inches long, the Q80 Inspiration concept measures closer to traditional, regular-wheelbase luxury flagships (BMW 7 Series, Audi A8, Lexus LS) than four-door coupes (Porsche Panamera, Audi A7, Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class). But Infiniti's concept is wider (79.8 inches) and shorter in terms of height (53.1 inches) than the whole group.
We'll see how those dimensions pan out to a production car, given that Infiniti says the Q80 Inspiration "will lead to a future model." We forecast it will have the name ... Q80. (That took lengthy deliberations. We're calling it a day.) Given the brand's latest nomenclature , the name means it will slot above the Q70, formerly the M37/M56. It could signal Infiniti's first large flagship sedan since the erstwhile Q45, which left the market nearly a decade ago.
Infiniti will introduce full details on the Q80 Inspiration on Oct. 2 during media days at the Paris Motor Show, so stay tuned.
Looks like: Infiniti's take on the Porsche Panamera
Defining characteristics: Svelte hatchback profile, enormous wheels
Ridiculous features: No side mirrors, teardrop roof glass
Chance of being mass-produced: All but certain
 

2014 Audi A8L TDI review2014 Audi A8L TDI review
Caption 2014 Audi A8 L TDI profile
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
The redesigned 2014 Audi A8L TDI strikes a pose in front of the Field Museum in Chicago.
The redesigned 2014 Audi A8L TDI strikes a pose in front of the Field Museum in Chicago. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
Caption 2014 Audi A8 L TDI driver's side
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
The 2014 Audi A8 L TDI features 20-inch all-season wheels and best fuel economy in the luxury liner class at 24 city/36 highway/28 combined mpg.
The 2014 Audi A8 L TDI features 20-inch all-season wheels and best fuel economy in the luxury liner class at 24 city/36 highway/28 combined mpg. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
Caption 2014 Audi A8 L TDI interior
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
The interior of the 2014 Audi A8L TDI is where the luxury elements stand out. The 7" screen and twin tweeters in the top corners of the dash emerge and retract into the dash.
The interior of the 2014 Audi A8L TDI is where the luxury elements stand out. The 7" screen and twin tweeters in the top corners of the dash emerge and retract into the dash. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Telescoping speaker
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
Twin telescoping tweeters emerge from the dash as part of the 1,400-watt, 19-speaker Bang & Olufsen sound system. The upgrade costs $6,300.
Twin telescoping tweeters emerge from the dash as part of the 1,400-watt, 19-speaker Bang & Olufsen sound system. The upgrade costs $6,300. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
Caption 2014 Audi A8 L TDI instrument cluster
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune
The center screen can be toggled with inputs on the steering wheel and shows everything from a compass and address in navigation to tire pressure and fuel economy.
The center screen can be toggled with inputs on the steering wheel and shows everything from a compass and address in navigation to tire pressure and fuel economy. (Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune)
Luxury Vehicles Manufacturing and Engineering Petroleum Industry Automotive Equipment
Diesel and luxury are no longer regarded with irony. The new class of diesel luxury sedans are nothing like their obnoxious and fossilized predecessors and their performance is superior in torque and fuel economy than luxury hybrids .
Despite the price disparity between gasoline and diesel, and the historical tendency for Americans to opt for gas over diesel, Audi and its parent Volkswagen Group attributed 23.5 percent of its 2013 American sales to the Turbocharged Direct Injection diesel. 
The clean-burning, low-sulfur-emitting diesel may find the ideal marriage in the full-size luxury class. Diesels operate at their most efficient on the highway, and extended-wheelbase models like the A8 L are made for cruising the open road, whether as a driver or passenger.
There’s a certain expectation with hybrid models, namely improved fuel economy. The Lexus LS 600hL doesn’t deliver on that point. ( Jill Ciminillo, Special to the Chicago Tribune )
Aside from the TDI diesel sticker on the lower panel of the front doors, the A8 L TDI didn’t stand out on the outside. It’s not smoky or loud, and aside from the tall up-in-your grille, the LED daytime running lights and taillights(LED headlights, oddly, cost extra), and the retracting side mirrors, the A8 saves its distinction for the inside.
This is a good thing. Starting at $82,500 and with my test model coming in just under $100,000 the A8 is dignified without ever coming across as pretentious. If I had one word to describe its many capabilities, it would be “unnecessary.” But I’d have to add “oh so nice.”
In other words, “luxury.” And Audi’s flagship luxury liner is brimming with it. 
I’m going to start in the rear seats because the A8 is as much about driving as being driven.
The L stands for long wheelbase but we’re going to appropriate it for the large rear seat with the dual climate control console. Power sunscreens on the rear windows and rear windshield come standard. To bump the first-class status to the executive realm, Audi offers a rear seat comfort package with separate power rear seats, power lumbar support, heated seats and more for $3,500. Dual in-seat 10.2-inch DVD players are available as well. 
The panoramic sunroof ($1,300) complements the power sunroof over the front seats, opening up the interior even more, cementing this first-class flight status for passengers. The rear seats are such an elemental part of the car they don’t fold down unless you want to pay an extra $800 for a pass-through for skis or other narrow equipment.
Performance
0
The creature comforts overwhelm how the vehicle actually performs, and this is part of the design synthesis of the A8. The 8-speed automatic transmission is as smooth as the interior, part of VW Group’s excellent heritage of shifts so subtle you really can’t feel it. Tiptronic offers an added distraction but the A8 does it so well on its own Audi must just want to prove how superior the machine is to the driver’s shifting ability.
There are three drive suspensions, Comfort, Automatic and Dynamic, and they are accordingly responsive to the terrain. At cruising speeds, there is little to no sensation of the road passing beneath you. The Dynamic mode offers more sport, more sensation if you want to drive.
Dodging Chicago potholes with the 20-inch wheels with all-season tires damaged me more than the car because I feared its end, or my end with it, but the air suspension cushioned it as best it could.
This luxury liner eschews the V8 for a 3-liter 6-cylinder diesel that churns out 406 pound-feet of torque. That’s beastmode territory, but it doesn’t translate into hyper acceleration. At 6.4 seconds, the 0-60 mph time is a second slower than the 2012 A8 with the 4.2-liter V-8 gas engine. Such a high torque output at relatively low RPMs means the A8 TDI retains that smooth but powerful luxury feel even off the line, where acceleration feels zippy if not necessarily explosive. For a 4,564-pound car, it’s remarkable.
Safety features abound. Traction control and Audi’s legendary quattro all-wheel drive keep the A8 firmly planted. For $3,250 extra, Audi offers the driver assistance package with adaptive cruise control with stop and go, which senses traffic ahead of you and can stop the car. It’s unsettling to test this feature, but the many sensors ringing the sedan pick up traffic just fine. Audi lane assist vibrates the seat when you’re drifting over lanes without an indicator, and the pre-sense feature detects when cars are in your blind spot with a light on the side mirror.  
Luxury gadgets
More assistance in this package comes in the split-view rear camera. I’m a traditionalist; I still check my mirrors and over my shoulder when I back up. The split screen shows what’s behind you and a bird’s eye view of the car as it backs up. I was looking over my shoulder a whole lot less.
From operation to performance, there is a sense of effortlessness. In this void comes some pampering that exceeds luxury. The premium package ($4,000) includes a 22-way comfort seat setting with a 5-way massaging seat that never ever got old.
The Bang & Olufsen sound system has twin tweeters that emerge from the dash, creating with the center screen a tri-corner techno-display that never ceased to inspire. But is this 1400-watt, 19-speaker system worth $6,300 more than the standard Bose surround sound system with 14 speakers? I don’t know but it’s like sitting in a sound studio as the world passes by, a sense of complete disengagement from what surrounds.
Audi’s infotainment system challenges Chrysler’s U-Connect as the most intuitive and simplest to navigate. Audi’s system is more refined, fittingly, and has a touchpad next to the gear stick that switches from preset radio or satellite stations to a letter pad for navigation: instead of pressing a letter, you draw it.
Ostensibly it’s so you don’t have to look down, but really it’s just to show off. The rotary dials on either side of the steering wheel take a little bit of getting used to, as opposed to the single up/down clicks on the rear of the Chrysler family steering wheels, and the main difference is one of thumbs over fingers.
Diesel advantage
Luxury sedan buyers may expect all of this, but where they should be impressed is with the highway fuel economy of the TDI.
The A8L’s class-leading 36 mph on the highway means that a full tank (23.8 gallons) will last for more than 800 miles. EPA lists mpg at 24 city/28 combined, compared to 21 combined for the 2012 V-8. Slushing about Chicago’s winter brought me in at 27.2 combined and my highway score closer to 34 mpg. In traffic the diesel fails but it’s unparalleled on the highway.
BMW is offering a diesel in its 740Ld for the first time in America. It starts at $30—yes, thirty dollars--more than the A8 TDI, with an expected fuel economy similar to the A8, and similar specs on horsepower and torque. The 2013 Mercedes-Benz S350 Bluetec 4matic starts about $10,000 higher and loses on fuel economy, with a combined mpg of 25.
The 2014 A8L TDI spoils.
rduffer@tribune.com

Fired Worker Kills Two Bosses and Himself at UPS Facilityfired worker kills two bosses and himself at ups facility
5 Apps to Help You Live a More Sustainable Lifereddit
With recent news about ice caps melting, California facing a persistent drought and Wall-E reminding us that our trash will eventually pile up, many of us are trying to live a little bit greener. But how to do that is a constant challenge: what to buy, what to eat, how to dispose of what we're not using. Luckily, there are some innovative thinkers launching apps that can help you live more sustainably. And best of all, they're free.
JouleBug
JouleBug rewards you for being good. By awarding badges, points, and pins, the app encourages users to be more sustainable at every step. In short, it's the Foursquare for sustainable living. Did you remember to bring a reusable coffee mug? 5 points. Biked to meet friends? 16 points. JouleBug helps you save money and cut down on your carbon footprint by allowing you to see what friends do to go green, and ups that friendly competition that makes us all a bit more productive. Plus, JouleBug can sync up to your utility bills so you can see how much money you're saving each month. The average savings are $200 a year. Not bad for a free app.
Rippl
Rippl is for those of us who need a little extra help remembering to go green. Launched by Ocean Conservancy and Invoke, the app makes simple suggestions on how to live a bit more sustainably. It lets you set personal goals and track your progress. Say you want to remember to bring reusable bags. Make that task a "habit" and customize a routine, like saying you'll carry a reusable bag Monday through Friday for one week and see how it goes. Schedule a new task for the week after, like only using cold water for laundry. See what habits fit your lifestyle and which ones you can easily incorporate into your everyday. Eventually, these habits will build up, resulting in a happier you and happier planet.
HowGood
HowGood aims to demystify the grocery shopping process. Through a complex system of evaluation, HowGood has created a scoring metric for products based on safety, health, social good, and environmental sustainability. In an increasing number of grocery stores across the nation, a HowGood score will sit right next to the product price tag on the shelf. Using over 60 indicators, HowGood examines a product's manufacturing process, provenance of ingredients, treatment of workers, and waste emissions, among other sustainability concerns. The app lets you search through over 100,000 products for their HowGood scores, no matter where you live.
iRecycle
Knowing how to dispose of waste can be tricky, whether it's your worn-in couch, broken printer, or energy-less batteries. iRecycle brings together Earth911.com's national database of over 100,000 recycling and proper disposal locations for over 200 products. The app lets you specify the item you need to toss and finds recycling options based on your location. The app also provides contact information for the recycling locations so you can call and be sure the info provided is correct.
PaperKarma
This app allows you to save trees and your sanity with a click of a button. We all get too much junk mail. It piles up at home, but worst of all, it's a waste of paper. PaperKarma puts a stop to your unwanted mail with a simple photo-based app. Take a picture of your junk mail, press submit, and PaperKarma will contact the mailers and remove your name from their distribution list. One and done. You'll be wondering where it has been all your life. The app was named one of Apple's top apps of 2012.
Try these out and let me know what you think! Have another app you love? Let me know!
Originally published on Eve's blog, Generation Yum . Follow Eve on Twitter @EveTurow and on Facebook .
Follow Eve Turow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/eveturow
More:

Dem Senator: Congress Has Opened The Door To The  Cheney Pre-emptive War DoctineTim Kaine: Congress Has Opened The Door To The 'Cheney Pre-emptive War Doctine'
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- As bombs dropped over Syria Monday evening, marking the beginning of a U.S.-led effort to eradicate the Islamic State in that country, most members of Congress were back at home.
The legislative branch adjourned its business at the end of last week to tend to elections . In doing so, it left unresolved the issue of authorizing the war that President Barack Obama would start days later. Congressional inaction didn't upend the White House's plans; the administration had already claimed it had legal authority to launch such strikes in Syria.
But by leaving town before the president started operations, lawmakers may have done serious harm to their own institution, Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) argued in an interview with The Huffington Post. Not only had they diminished the standing of Congress with respect to the executive branch, they also may have given unintended consent to a Dick Cheney-like vision of presidential war powers.
"[Congress has] sort of allowed the Cheney pre-emptive war doctrine to exist by another name," Kaine said. "In this instance, they allowed the president to say, 'ISIL [the Islamic State] is the bad guys, and I can go after them even though there has been testimony that they pose no imminent threat of attack on the United States.' If the president just gets to do this without Congress, then we will be embracing the Cheney pre-emptive war doctrine, which I think is just brutally wrong."
Kaine, one of the most outspoken advocates for passing a new authorization for use of military force, spoke just hours before word broke of the first airstrikes in Syria. He is slated to give a larger address on Tuesday at the Obama-allied Center for American Progress, speaking against the legal underpinnings for expanded military operations.
Two weeks ago, he was something of a lone voice in the Senate on this matter. While other lawmakers agreed with the basic idea that the president needed to come to Congress to authorize airstrikes in Syria, few were willing to badger the point. During a meeting in the White House a few weeks ago, the president told congressional leadership that he believed the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force covered such operations. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) pushed back -- but only gently, and hardly in a way that would have prevented the president from acting before Congress did.
Since then, more lawmakers have come around to Kaine's position, but not a critical mass of them. Both chambers voted to send $500 million to train and aid moderate Syrian rebels. (Kaine voted in favor of the measure as well.) But lawmakers left town before considering an authorization for U.S. air operations, and aren't expected back until after the November elections.
"I think the damage would be enormous," Kaine said of the possibility that Congress may never actually take a vote. "It is highly immoral to ask servicemen and women to risk their lives around a mission if the president feels that it is inconvenient to ask Congress to bless it, or members of Congress are afraid of the political consequence of blessing it."
Hoping to avoid total abdication of responsibility, Kaine has introduced his own authorization for use of force, as have others in Congress. His hope is for a more narrowly defined proposal that would be specifically tailored to dealing with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and would have a sunset provision. The idea is not to pass anything that could be used by subsequent administrations to justify subsequent -- tangentially related -- military activity.
That was part of the problem with the 2001 AUMF, Kaine said. It needed to be narrowed and "maybe ultimately repealed." The president said as much at a speech at the National Defense University in 2013. Instead, the AUMF was used by the Obama administration as a basis for action in Syria.
"Well, they are [using it], which I'm disappointed in," said Kaine. "I think it is being used for purposes that were clearly beyond its original intent, and we need to refine it."
Kaine said he's confident that an updated authorization -- whether his own or another lawmaker's -- will get consideration once Congress returns for the lame duck session. He said he has gotten assurances from leadership that "we will have a vote," though a Senate Democratic aide told The Huffington Post that such a declaration is premature. Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) has pledged that there will be a debate.
Looming over the issue of votes and timing is that the president has already acted, prompting several lawmakers on Tuesday to urge leadership to reconvene Congress and hold a vote.
. @SpeakerBoehner shld bring Members back to debate/vote on AUMF that supports current mission but ensures no ground troops. No Iraq War 2.0
— Chris Van Hollen (@ChrisVanHollen) September 23, 2014
But the wheels of military action are in motion, not just operationally but also legally. As the New York Times recently reported , Congress could end up providing a de facto authorization for the president's airstrikes by not explicitly voting them down. Put on notice about Obama's legal justification for launching the strikes, their inaction could be interpreted as a ratification.
"I will continue to argue that there is no authorization if Congress doesn't act," said Kaine. "But in terms of the precedent that it establishes for future presidents and future Congresses? Absolutely. I agree with that argument completely. And since there will be future Congresses and future presidents, Congress should not so easily hand over to the president the ability to wage pre-emptive war."
Also on HuffPost:

Sensex Falls 31 Points  Nifty Holds 8 000You are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls 31 Points, Nifty Holds 8,000
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 17:28 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
The BSE Sensex and Nifty fell for a second straight day as resources firms such as Jindal Steel and Power, and public sector lenders that lent to them, slumped after the Supreme Court cancelled most coal blocks allocated since 1993.
The Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that companies will have until end of March next year to return most of the coal blocks allocated by the government since 1993 even after they have spent billions of dollars on projects around them.
Adding to the concerns, overseas investors sold Indian shares worth of $194 million on Tuesday, after buying for the past four sessions, while caution also prevailed ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contract on Thursday.
However, losses were trimmed as consumer-related stocks gained as investors preferred to derisk portfolio.
"It's a sensitive industry and ramifications (of the Supreme Court's decision) will be quite big. They (the government) have to take a final stand and have to move quickly," said Jagannadham Thunuguntla, head of research and chief strategist at SMC Global Securities Ltd.
"The market is in a consolidation mode. Now, the good companies will stand different and quality of companies will play a role."
The Sensex closed 0.12 per cent lower at 26,744.69, while the Nifty ended 0.19 per cent lower at 8,002.40.
The companies that received coal allocations led decliners on Wednesday. Jindal Steel and Power ended 10.15 per cent.
Among other decliners, GMR Infrastructure fell 11.5 per cent, Adani Power closed down 2.1 per cent.
Lenders or financial firms which have loan exposure to the sector were also hit. State Bank of India closed 2.7 per cent lower, while IDBI Bank ended 5.46 per cent lower.
Infrastructure stocks fell, with Larsen and Toubro ending 2.12 per cent lower as investors shifted focus from the sector and added defensive stocks into the portfolio amid risk aversion.
However, among the gainers, Coal India closed 4.8 per cent higher after the top court ruling on coal blocks and on expectations that the state-run firm may be allowed to manage illegal mines until they get re-auctioned.
Shares in Reliance Power gained 5.5 per cent and NTPC added 1 per cent after the court, let off two coal blocks operated by these companies.
Consumer durable companies were also among the gainers as investors were churning their portfolios to reduce volatility in their holdings. Hindustan Unilever added 3 per cent, while ITC Ltd closed 1.7 per cent higher.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ICICI Bank Launches Savings Account for Minors Above 10 YearsYou are here: Home Industries
ICICI Bank Launches Savings Account for Minors Above 10 Years
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 24, 2014 15:34 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Private sector bank ICICI Bank today launched a savings account for minors above 10 years of age.
The account, which will be opened in the name of the minor, will offer a personalised cheque book and a debit card with a picture of his or her choice, the bank said in a statement.
"We are pleased to offer the 'Smart Star' account, which allows minors to operate their accounts independently.
This will help to inculcate a habit of saving and responsibility of spending wisely," bank's executive director Rajiv Sabharwal said.
Minors will be able to undertake various banking transactions including issuing cheques, paying bills, recharge mobile phones, open fixed deposits and recurring deposits among others.
They will also have access to banking channels such as ATM, mobile and Internet banking
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 15:33 (IST)

Sun-Ranbaxy Deal: CCI Public Scrutiny Deadline Ends TodaySebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Fair trade watchdog CCI's deadline for public comments on the $4 billion Sun Pharmaceuticals-Ranbaxy Laboratories deal, which has raised concerns of adverse impact on competition, ends today.
This is also the first M&A deal where the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered a public scrutiny of after forming a "prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The $4-billion deal would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world and the largest pharmaceutical company in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally.
Announcing the public scrutiny process, the Commission on September 4 had said the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. The deadline is ending today.
The comments should be given along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, while adding that it would not consider 'unsubstantiated objections' to the deal.
On September 4, CCI had said the public consultation process has been launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
The fair trade watchdog had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
CCI has the mandate to ensure fair competition at the market place across sectors.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:52 (IST)

Alibaba  Flipkart Next Generation of BazaarsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Alibaba, Flipkart Next generation of 'Bazaars': Rehan Yar Khan
Published On:                  September 23, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 34 sec

SC ruling on coal blocks a bit harsh  says AssochamAssocham terms SC's ruling on coal block allocations as harsh
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 18:04 IST
The Supreme Court on Sept 24 quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks(Photo: Reuters)
Terming the Supreme Court's ruling of cancelling the allocation of 214 coal blocks  as "a bit harsh", industry body Assocham on Wednesday said the verdict will lead to higher coal imports.
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said reacting to the ruling of the apex court.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Wednesday quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks , which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," the Assocham chief said.
He expressed the hope that the government gets about announcing new system of allocation of coal blocks with great speed.

Coal: Banks with Rs 1L-cr exposure sitting on mine of worriesBank of Baroda
(Almost all banks including SBI and…)
NEW DELHI: The mass cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court has sent banks in a jittery mode as they have extended over Rs 1 lakh crore loans to power plants that were fed by these mines.
Almost all banks including country's largest lender State Bank of India and private sector ICICI Bank have lent to power plants that were put up based on coal from 214 coal blocks alloted since 1993.
While none of the bankers were willing to go on record on the impact of the Supreme Court ruling, sources said the lenders were assessing their exposure to the cancelled mines.
"We are glad that this is over with the SC verdict on coal blocks allocation. We now look forward for a quick plan of action for ensuring that coal supplies are not disrupted and thereafter a swift and transparent bidding process for reallocation," SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said.
Earlier this month she had said: "for SBI, the exposure is only around Rs 4,000 crore, most of which are lent to power units which have fuel linkages with the affected coal blocks."
According to estimates, another public sector lender IDBI Bank has an exposure of Rs 2,000 crore.
Commenting on Supreme Court judgement, Yes Bank Managing Director Rana Kapoor said the exposure of his bank is minimal.
"As the the court has said that coal supply would be maintained to the power plants, therefore there would not be too much of an adverse impact on banks," he said.
Risks of banks are well diversified and fairly well spread, he added.
Bank of Baroda Executive Director Rajan Dhawan said the bank is still making assessment of the exposure to the coal blocks.
ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank when contacted said they are still assessing the impact of the judgement.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha, quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993. The four blocks saved from cancellations are one each to NTPC and SAIL and two mines allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph , granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in the coal blocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blend fruit juices in fizzy drinks: Narendra Modi to Pepsi  CokeComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said multinational cola giants PepsiCo and Coca-Cola should help augment fruit sales for Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
"Millions of people buy Pepsi and Coke. I have asked these companies if they can put five per cent natural juice in their drinks," Modi said on Wednesday in Karnataka.
"If they can, then our farmers will make a lot of money. Our farmers will not have to throw their fruit away," he said after inaugurating a food park with a storage capacity of more than 20,000 tonnes for two dozen food processing companies.
Modi's food processing minister said last month that PepsiCo should reduce the sugar content of its beverages, and asked the company to partner with the government to develop nutritious processed food for school students.
The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
India, the world's second largest producer of fruits and vegetables, throws away fresh produce worth millions of dollars every year because of the country's lack of adequate cold storage facilities and refrigerated transport.
Modi's made his pitch to the world's largest drink makers days before a trip to the United States, where he is scheduled to meet top executives from multinational companies, including from PepsiCo.
The country has about 6,500 cold storage facilities and the prime minister is seeking foreign investments and technological upgrades to reduce food wastage and expand the food processing network.
The US-beverage companies have earlier stated that they are committed to expanding their presence in Asia's third-largest economy where a growing middle class has more to spend on processed beverages and food.
PepsiCo, the maker of Pepsi-Cola, Frito-Lay snacks and Tropicana juice last year said it had plans to invest $5.5 billion in India. Coca-Cola Co in 2012 allocated $5 billion for investments in Indian market by 2020.

 Supreme Court s Ruling a Bit Harsh: AssochamManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Terming the Supreme Court's ruling cancelling 214 coal blocks as "a bit harsh", industry body Assocham today said it will lead to higher imports.
"Our main concern is on the kind of negative impact on the economy which has just been showing signs of recovery after over two years of slowdown," Assocham president Rana Kapoor said reacting on the ruling of the apex court.
In a blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were allotted to various companies since 1993.
"Being largely dependent on the thermal power, it is the coal which fires the economic growth, which will be halted, besides, the dependence on coal imports will increase," he said.
He expressed the hope that the government gets about announcing new system of allocation of coal blocks with great speed.
Story first published on: September 24, 2014 16:41 (IST)

 Near Rs. 2000 Cr Exposure to Cos Affected by Ruling: IDBIYou are here: Home Industries
IDBI Says Near Rs 2000 Crore Exposure to Companies Affected by Coal Ruling
Reuters | Updated On: September 24, 2014 15:20 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: State-run lender IDBI Bank Ltd has close to Rs 2000 crore ($328 million) loan exposure to companies affected by a Supreme Court order scrapping coal blocks but not all of it will be problematic, the lender's head said on Wednesday.
"We are assessing," M.S. Raghavan, chairman and managing director of IDBI Bank, told Reuters after the Supreme Court's verdict.
IDBI Bank shares were down 5.3 per cent by 0924 GMT compared to a flat performance in Nifty. The Bank Nifty fell about 1 per cent.
($1 = Rs 60.9650)

|Rupee Ends at 60.96/DollarDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell to its weakest in nearly a week after the cancellation of coal blocks allocated to companies raised concerns that more coal would be imported, but the currency then recovered to end almost flat for the day on dollar sales from custodian banks.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.96/97 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 60.94/95.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday scrapped all but four of coal blocks allocated by the government over the past two decades, raising concerns that resorting to imports would widen the trade and current account deficits.
But traders said the six months given to companies to return the coal blocks and the likelihood the government would soon re-auction allocations could prevent the country from resorting to higher coal imports.
"The rupee weakened a bit in a knee-jerk reaction post the coal block verdict but foreign banks and exporters started selling above the 61 mark," said Uday Bhatt, a foreign exchange dealer with UCO Bank.
"The rupee will continue to hold in a narrow range, likely 60.75 to 61.25, until September end," he added.
Dollar demand from oil and other importers to meet month-end import commitments also pressured the rupee, which fell to as low as 61.07 in late trade, its weakest against the dollar since September 18.
The rupee could also remain under pressure ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
The central bank is expected to keep interest rates on hold until the April-June quarter of next year, when it may loosen policy, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.23/33, while the three-month was at 61.80/90.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

From lighter rocket to slingshot  Isro innovates its way to MarsFrom lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Krittivas Mukherjee , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 18:52 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:55 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
In 1981, when India’s space scientists grappled with the challenge of finding a metal-free transportable platform for its new satellite, they turned to an improbable frugal innovation. As the world watched amazed, Indian scientists wheeled out their gleaming, new satellite on a creaking, old bullock cart.
More than three decades on, as the Mars Orbiter Mission slipped into the red planet’s orbit on Wednesday, it was still, in part, the same amazing story of endless tweaking and recycling of delicate equipment to keep costs down and tide over technology constraints.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
  Read: Knew MOM will be a success: PM Modi
To many, Wednesday’s triumph underlined the credibility of India’s space technology, despite the country’s antiquated industrial processes and manufacturing record, and the brilliance of its poorly paid scientists whose only reward, perhaps, is the collective national pride their work generates.
"It is a priceless feeling when an entire nation celebrates your success,” Isro chief K Radhakrishnan told reporters after the mission’s success.
“But we have to excel.”
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan | MOM sensors
For a national space programme that saw its first scientists functioning out of an abandoned church, much of the workaround at the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) is out of sheer necessity.
After India carried out nuclear-weapons tests in 1974, its access to technical know-how and sophisticated technology was limited.
As for money, there was never enough. India currently spends $1.2 billion a year on its space program. In comparison, US space agency NASA has a budget of $17.5 billion for the year ending Sept. 30.
To keep costs down for India’s first inter-planetary mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, scientists relied on technologies they had used before and kept the size of the payload small, at 15 kg. They saved on fuel by using a smaller rocket that was adapted from a launch vehicle that first flew in 1993. Only one physical model of the Mangalyaan was built.
Read: Reaching Mars: How it happened
Isro engineers employed an unusual "slingshot" method for Mangalyaan's interplanetary journey that began last November.
Lacking enough rocket power to blast directly out of Earth's atmosphere and gravitational pull, it orbited the Earth for several weeks while building up enough velocity to break free. That helped avoid using a more expensive more expensive heavy launch vehicle.
Two-thirds of the craft's parts were made by Indian companies such as Larsen & Toubro and Godrej & Boyce.
The Mars mission was delivered on a shoestring budget of $74 million, less than the price of the cheapest passenger jet from Boeing. Or the cost of making the Hollywood blockbuster ‘Gravity’ on which about $100 million was spent.
“For us cost-effectiveness is a high priority,” said Isro official Koteswara Rao, without compromising the success of any mission.
“Our indigenous technology helps us innovate more easily. We use a lot of our proven technology.”

Priyanka  sues  newspaper for report on her sonPriyanka sends legal notice to The Sunday Guardian
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 24, 2014
First Published: 19:04 IST(24/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:28 IST(25/9/2014)
Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Wednesday served legal notices to The Sunday Guardian and other publications for stating that she and her husband were giving their son up for adoption to her brother Rahul Gandhi.
Advertisement
She has threatened criminal and civil action against the publications for “defaming and damaging” her minor son Rehan, whom she feels “duty bound to protect”.
In its July 20 report, The Sunday Guardian had claimed that Priyanka and her husband were giving their son up for adoption to Rahul to enable him to use the Gandhi surname.
“To allege that a parent would willingly pass his/her child on to someone else as if he were an object devoid of emotion is morbid enough, but to ascribe to it the intention of perpetuating some sort of dynastic political aspiration is even more sickening. This pernicious falsehood is clearly aimed at causing deep offence to my family and is an unacceptable aspersion on my motherhood and on my character,” the notice read.
When contacted, an official from The Sunday Guardian, requesting anonymity, said they were “not aware of any such statement” by Priyanka “more than two months after the publication of the article”. Congress sources said Priyanka, who earlier chose to ignore attacks on her family members, has now decided to take head on any such attempts.
Last month, Priyanka had dismissed reports suggesting that she would take up an important post in the Congress party.

Jihadist says hostgaes Foley  Cantlie converted to Islam in captivityPress Trust of India | Brussels | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:16 pm
Western journalists James Foley and John Cantlie converted to Islam while being held hostage in Syria, a Belgian newspaper quoted a jihadist suspect as saying on Wednesday, adding that the pair may have been forced to do so.
Foley, an American, was beheaded by the Islamic State (IS) group last month, while Cantlie, a Briton, is believed to be still in captivity.
IS has been accused of forcing Christians and other  minorities to convert to Islam during their sweep across parts of Iraq.
The Flemish-language newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws cited testimony from Jejoen Bontinck, a 19-year-old Belgian Islamist convert who was detained in October 2013 upon his return from an eight-month visit to Syria and charged with belonging to a terrorist group.
Bontinck told Belgian interrogators that in August 2013 IS suspected him of spying and put him in a prison in the region of Aleppo where the two Western journalists were being held, according to the newspaper.
“Foley and Cantlie were kidnapped by the Nusra Front,” the branch of Al-Qaeda in the country, “outside an Internet cafe,” the Belgian former fighter said.
He said the two journalists were moved about on several occasions and “tortured” while “barely getting enough to eat” before they were handed over to IS.
It was around two weeks into their captivity by IS that they told the young Belgian that they had converted to Islam, Bontinck was quoted as saying.
“They told me that they had not always led an exemplary life, that for example they had not shown enough respect for their mothers and that they understood it thanks to their conversion,” Bontinck said.
He said nonetheless that his jailers encouraged him to convince his two cellmates to convert to Islam, suggesting that the hostage takers had not taken seriously the two men’s prior conversion to Islam, the newspaper said.
The Islamic State broadcast a video of Foley’s murder on August 19. Another US journalist, Steven Sotloff, was beheaded two weeks later.
On September 18, the group broadcast a video of Cantlie,  who said he had been kidnapped following his arrival in Syria in November 2012.

Coal:  Concerns of all stakeholders to be ke...Chief Justice
(The comment came when his…)
NEW DELHI: Concerns of all stakeholders will be kept in mind while deciding the future course of action on coal block allocation , a top Coal Ministry official said today.
The comment came when his reaction was sought to the Supreme Court quashing 214 coal block permits allotted to various companies since 1993.
"The concerns of all the stakeholders will be kept in mind," the official, who spoke on conditions of anonymity, said.
"The court has given six months for smooth transition. We will explore all options," he added.
In a major blow to the corporate sector, the Supreme Court today quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks which were alloted to various companies since 1993.
It is claimed that companies have invested around Rs 2 lakh crores on these blocks.
A bench, headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha , saved only four blocks--one belonging to NTPC and SAIL each and two allocated to Ultra Mega Power Projects--from being cancelled.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph , granted six months breathing time to mining companies to wind up their operations in coal blocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Open for consolidation; not obsessed with bu...Vittorio Colao
("My job is to keep my mind…)
NEW DELHI: Vodafone, the nation's second largest telecom firm, today said it is open for consolidation in India in case the deal is financially viable.
"I think we are open to looking at consolidation in India but ofcourse, it must make sense from a financial point of view...we can't throw our money just for the sake of consolidation," Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao told mediapersons here.
The head of world's second largest telecom group said consolidation has to happen in India as there are too many players as of now and the returns on the capital invested is low.
Colao said there is a mis-perception that number of telecom players in a country depends on its population.
"Almost in no country, you have more than five operators and usually the fifth is up for sale," Colao said.
Asked if Vodafone is looking to acquire other company, he said, "My job is to keep my mind open...you need a right price. I am not obsessed with buying in India because we are doing very well the way we are."
Colao, who is on a short visit to India, also released the fourth edition of its annual sustainability report.
On the occasion, Colao presented a cheque of Rs 12 million to Safeena Hussain of Vodafone Foundation's NGO partner, Educate Girls.
Vodafone India Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Marten Pieters said the company has always maintained it wants to be part of consolidation because its good for the market and Vodafone can "afford" it.
Pieters, however, said the conditions are not there be it the merger and acquisition rules, spectrum sharing and trading which can facilitate the consolidation process.
Pieters added there are still many uncertainties for the company to grapple with such as next spectrum auction, where it has to get airwaves to keep operations running.
"There are a few big circles which are coming for renewal and we have to bid back our spectrum, the situation is really bad. Last auction we had to do the same thing in metros but atleast we had 1800 MHz spectrum to fall back on but now we have few circles where there is no additional spectrum available, so our business is more or less put up for sale," he said.
The Vodafone India head has termed it as "predatory competition" because actually it means that anybody can bid for free for its business.
"If we don't get the spectrum, simply means we have to close down operations because there is no fall back option," Pieters said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1spSOhLFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Sales quiet critics of Jeep Cherokee's looks
Last year Jeep enthusiasts were complaining loudly about the design of the new Jeep Cherokee, which looks vastly different than the boxy Cherokee they remembered from the 1980s and 1990s, and the boxy Liberty
Post to Facebook
Sales quiet critics of Jeep Cherokee's looks Last year Jeep enthusiasts were complaining loudly about the design of the new Jeep Cherokee, which looks vastly different than the boxy Cherokee they remembered from the 1980s and 1990s, and the boxy Liberty Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1snvpxh
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sales quiet critics of Jeep Cherokee's looks
Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press 8:31 p.m. EDT September 23, 2014
The 2014 Jeep Cherokee's top-level Trailhawk model. It has its own front and rear trim with aggressive approach and departure angles and is the most off-road designed version of the new Cherokee. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The 2014 Cherokee's upscale Limited model, the most luxury-styled model. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The dashboard and controls in the 2014 Jeep Cherokee Limited model. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The un-Jeep-like styling of the new 2014 Cherokee has drawn cheers from some and jeers from others, the rear end getting the most comment. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Jeep says the all-new, Fiat-based 2014 Jeep Cherokee will have models that are, in Jeep parlance, "Trail Rated," meaning they have all the off-road capability of other Jeeps. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Jeep says the all-new, Fiat-based 2014 Jeep Cherokee will have models that are, in Jeep parlance, "Trail Rated," meaning they have all the off-road capability of other Jeeps. Here is the Cherokee Trailhawk model off-road. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
Jeep says the all-new, Fiat-based 2014 Jeep Cherokee will have models that are, in Jeep parlance, "Trail Rated," meaning they have all the off-road capability of other Jeeps. Here is the Cherokee Trailhawk model off-road. 
(Photo: Chrysler)
The 2014 Jeep Cherokee is a different look, but retains a variation of the trademark seven-slot Jeep grille. 
(Photo: Jeep)
The 2014 Jeep Cherokee Limited at the Cherokee's world debut at the New York Auto Show in March, 2013. 
(Photo: Joe Wilssens, Jeep)

Sales growth of pvt financial cos improves in Q1: RBISep 24, 2014, 08.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sales growth of pvt financial cos improves in Q1: RBI
The sales growth of the companies (2,768 firms) had registered growth of 2.6 percent at Rs 7.25 lakh crore in Q1-FY14. "Improvement in sales growth was observed only in manufacturing sector, while it contracted in the services (non-IT) sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sales growth of pvt financial cos improves in Q1: RBI
The sales growth of the companies (2,768 firms) had registered growth of 2.6 percent at Rs 7.25 lakh crore in Q1-FY14. "Improvement in sales growth was observed only in manufacturing sector, while it contracted in the services (non-IT) sector.
Post your opinion here
 
Sales growth of listed private finance companies improved in the first quarter of 2014-15 at Rs 7.63 lakh crore, up 7.1 per cent, as manufacturing sector showed good performance, as per RBI data released today. The RBI data compares 2,755 listed non-government non-financial in the first quarter (April-June) of FY15 over 2,768 firms studied in the same period in the previous fiscal.
The sales growth of the companies (2,768 firms) had registered growth of 2.6 percent at Rs 7.25 lakh crore in Q1-FY14. "Improvement in sales growth was observed only in manufacturing sector, while it contracted in the services (non-IT) sector. Sales growth declined in the IT sector," RBI said.
In the manufacturing sector, the sales growth was 8.9 percent at Rs 5.71 lakh crore in first quarter of current fiscal, an improvement over 0.8 per cent growth at Rs 5.32 lakh crore a year ago. In Q1-FY15, the sales growth in services sector contracted by 1 percent to Rs 72,000 crore and in IT sector it grew by 12.3 percent to Rs 63,300 crore.
The corresponding figures in the year ago period for services and IT sector at Rs 73,300 crore (up 10.8 percent) and Rs 56,400 crore (up 13.2 percent). The net profit of these companies grew by 27.3 percent year-on-year at Rs 51,200 crore in Q1-FY15. However, profits were contracted by 10.9 percent to Rs 37,600 crore in the first quarter of FY14.
RBI data showed that the overall expenditure growth increased at Rs 6.59 lakh crore, up 6.1 percent due to higher growth in raw material expenses. However, growth in staff cost
declined during the quarter under study in Q1-FY15. Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) growth noticeably increased at the aggregate level, to Rs 1.07 lakh crore, up 16.5 percent. In the year ago period the EBITDA grew by 1.1 percent to Rs 91,900 crore.
RELATED NEWS

A day of unrest in Ferguson ends with protesters and police facing offBy Mark Berman September 24 Follow @markberman
A day of unrest in Ferguson, Mo., began with the destruction of a memorial  for Michael Brown and ended with another tense face-off between residents and police , underscoring the turmoil that still exists in the St. Louis suburb.
Two police officers suffered minor injuries and five people were arrested during the confrontations, police said on Wednesday.
More than six weeks after Michael Brown, 18, was shot and killed by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, the nightly clashes between protesters and heavily armed police officers have faded away and the public’s attention has shifted elsewhere. Yet the situation remains  fraught, as residents continue to be unhappy with the prosecutor investigating the shooting and unnerved by Wilson’s continuing freedom .
The new unrest came not long before President Obama mentioned Ferguson in his speech to the United Nations General Assembly. “Yes, we have our own racial and ethnic tensions,” he said. “And like every country, we continually wrestle with how to reconcile the vast changes wrought by globalization and greater diversity with the traditions that we hold dear.”
On Tuesday night and into Wednesday morning, dozens of protesters were confronted by police in a situation that immediately evoked  the scenes that repeatedly erupted on West Florissant Avenue in August.
The window at Beauty Town, a shop on West Florissant, was smashed on Tuesday night. Juan Santos, an employee, told St. Louis Public Radio that while this was the third time the window had been smashed, it did not appear that anything was taken from inside the store. 
Protesters rocked cars, set fires and threw rocks and bottles on Tuesday night, Capt. Ronald S. Johnson of the Missouri Highway Patrol said at a news conference Wednesday morning. Some also threatened police officers, he said.  Johnson said that two officers were injured during the fray. One of them was struck near the eye with a rock, he said. In addition, Johnson said someone fired shots at police officers near the Canfield Green Apartments.   “This behavior cannot be tolerated,” he said.  Five people were arrested during these protests, Johnson said. 
Arrests in #Ferguson . pic.twitter.com/zfhp9n4htg — Robert Cohen (@kodacohen) September 24, 2014
“We understand the frustration of people in our communities and their right to protest, but the violence and damage to property needs to stop,” Tom Jackson, the Ferguson police chief, said in a statement Wednesday.
Jackson said that there was “large scale civil disobedience” on Tuesday night, with a report of looting at the Beauty Town shop and a report of arson at the Whistle Stop custard shop. On Wedneday, Whistle Stop posted a message on its Web site saying it would be closed due to the fire.
The officers responding to the situation on Tuesday night were not wearing the riot gear that had been criticized by reporters and the community as “too much,” Johnson said. But he said that if it seems that officers need to wear it to respond to protests, they will do so in the future.
“You may see an increase in the gear that officers have on,” he said.
Police told reporters that a molotov cocktail was thrown at a business that had been used to store impounded cars, but said there was no serious damage .
Rocks and bottles being thrown at officers new cars now… #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/oXDYj0Nncs — Charles Wade (@akacharleswade) September 24, 2014
This unrest came several hours after one of the memorials not far from where Brown died was destroyed in a fire , which caused anger in the community. The memorial that burned is not the primary one, which is larger and sits in the middle of Canfield Drive; that was not damaged. Johnson said that while the fire at the memorial may have set off the protests, he did not know for sure. Authorities said the cause of the blaze is under investigation . Steven Rosenthal, the Ferguson fire chief, said the burning candles usually surrounding the memorial may have started the fire. But residents said that they smelled gasoline  and some believed that the fire had to have been set on purpose. Tom Jackson said in a statement Tuesday that the first police officer who responded tried to put out the fire but was unsuccessful. “To anyone who believes we didn’t do everything in our power to put this fire out I want to apologize and let you know that was not the case,” he said. Residents quickly worked to put a new memorial together , and within hours had set down a new collection of stuffed animals that sat atop a sheet covering the ash-riddled grass.
#MikeBrown memorial already being rebuilt #Ferguson crowd is pissed it burned pic.twitter.com/0vD9SeEOwH — David Carson (@PDPJ) September 23, 2014
The response on Tuesday morning and the protests later in the evening offered a reminder of just how tense things remain in Ferguson. Activists have continued to call for Wilson’s arrest , with displeasure spilling out into city and county council meetings. Protesters have also repeatedly called for St. Louis County prosecutor Bob McCulloch to be replaced by a special prosecutor , with a large protest earlier this month resulting in multiple arrests .
Last week, it was announced that the St. Louis County grand jury considering whether or not to charge Wilson was given an extension and could consider the case until early January . This would push the decision into the winter, which could be a factor in how protesters respond if Wilson is not indicted. It is unclear if the jurors will actually need that much time, though, as McCulloch said Wednesday that the jury could make a decision by early November .
This post has been updated. Last update: 3:03 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

What makes an accusation Wiki-worthyBy Jonathan H. Adler September 24
Wikipedia aspires to be a neutral source of verifiable information about just about everything of import. The problem is that sometimes people disagree about what information is relevant or credible. This is particularly the case for politically charged subjects, such as political figures or policy matters over which ideological partisans disagree.  The result is that the more controversial the subject matter, the more one has to approach a Wiki page with caution.
The Wikipedia page for Neil deGrasse Tyson is a case in point.  As I noted here , Sean Davis has made a powerful case that noted scientist Neil Degrasse Tyson has a tendency to embellish stories in his speeches and public remarks. Most notably, it appears that Tyson wrongly attributed remarks to former President George W. Bush in order to portray the former president in a particularly unflattering light.  The tall tale was, according to the Tampa Tribune’s Tom Jackson , “a vicious, gratuitous slander.” Others find the charge against Tyson quite credible.
The problem is there is no record of Bush having made the remarks Tyson attributed to him, the alleged speech is not in the White House archive , and Bush’s former speechwriters deny any such remarks were given.  Moreover, the sentiment Tyson attributes to Bush conflicts with other contemporaneous remarks by the president and other incidental details about Tyson’s account don’t line up.
We all make mistakes, particularly when speaking off-the-cuff. Yet this was not an impromptu remark.  Rather it was part of a planned speech and a video of the relevant passage it is highlighted on the Hayden Planetarium Web site . So Tyson would seem to think it is significant. The charge is also the sort of claim that a scholar of Tyson’s statute should be able to substantiate.  Yet as of this writing, neither Tyson nor his representatives have offered any support for the claim, or otherwise responded to the accusation.
So a credible accusation of wrongdoing has been made against a prominent public figure, and the charge has been noted in numerous publications .  Including this on a Wiki page is a no-brainer, right?  Apparently not .  I understand why Wikipedia editors might not want to take sides on the underlying question, as more facts may yet emerge.  Yet the fact of the accusation itself would seem to be the sort of thing that would be included in the subject’s Wikipedia page, provided it is referenced in a neutral manner (e.g. “Tyson has been accused of . . . “).
Since the charges were made there has been a mini-editing war over this portion of Tyson’s Wiki page.  No doubt some of this is due to ideological partisanship.  Some “intelligent design” proponents and climate skeptics would like to take Tyson down a peg, as would some other conservatives .  Others seem just as eager to safeguard his reputation at all cost .  Indeed, some of the arguments against referencing Tyson’s alleged fabrication are quite amusing.  Again, however, the charge is out there, and it seems quite credible. It’s not as if someone is claiming Tyson’s speeches were written by Bill Ayers.
All this goes to show that while Wikipedia has its uses, when a Wiki page covers matters that are the subject of ideological dispute, the reader should be wary.
UPDATE: It appears that some of the gnomes at Wikipedia are a vindictive lot. More here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Goldman recommends IBM straddles ahead of earningsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Rajan for sensible regulations to spur growthRaghuram Rajan calls for sensible regulations to spur growth
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 22:36 IST
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
India needs to have "clever and sensible" regulations to create a business-friendly environment which will lead to faster growth of the economy and create jobs, said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday.
"We need the right kind...not too much, not too little, but clever and sensible regulations. Not just the regulations in the book, but also the enforcement to make sure that businesses have chance to succeed in away that promotes growth and create jobs," he said at the 58th annual general meeting of Indo-German Chamber of Commerce in Mumbai.
Although the country has enough regulations, not all of them are of the right kind, he said.
Rajan said the country's needs a vibrant financial system which will finance people who want to create jobs and also those who want to pursue higher education.
"We need financial system that give access to all. (Financial) exclusion (of people) is bad in many ways - one they don't have access and second they cannot save in the financial system which can force them to save outside at a greater risk, and at times at a substantially low returns."
He emphasised on providing better education and skills to the working age population. "We need broad level skills across the population, which means we have to improve the quality of education."
The RBI chief said bringing down malnutrition among the population is one of the main concerns the country faces.
"Unfortunately, the direct interventions have had only moderate effects...intervening directly with poor households and providing nutritional supplements has had moderate effects because some people argue it is more than just that."
Rajan further said one of the bigger challenges for India is how to take advantage of its demographic dividends.
"Of course, as many have noted that a demographic dividend can turn into demographic curse if we don't create jobs. So what's important is we reap the benefits of demographic dividend by creating jobs," he added.

GODAVARI PUSHKARAM: BIG TASK AHEADreligion and belief
With a large number of devotees from across the country expected to attend the Godavari Pushkarams - 2015, the government braces to make it a mega event.
The Andhra Pradesh government plans to make the Godavari Pushkarams - 2015 a mega event, with a large number of devotees from across the country expected to attend. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be invited to inaugurate the Pushkarams be held in July 2015.
The East and West Godavari district authorities have come up with proposals worth Rs.1,100 crore, of which Rs. 800 crore will be from East Godavari.
The first meeting of the six-member Group of Ministers on the mega event under Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, which was held on August 8 in Rajahmundry, authorised the East and West Godavari District Collectors to forward proposals to the Commissioner of Endowments Department, Y.V. Anuradha, besides promising to release Rs. 100 crore as token advance.
“We have a big task ahead, including renovation of temples, construction of new ghats and strengthening of ghats. The sky is the limit when it comes to spending money on organising the event,” Mr. Yanamala said. He added that the work proposals would be sanctioned only after a thorough scrutiny, and that the State would mobilise funds from the TTD and the Central government.
Works yet to commence
The most significant work is the renovation of as many as 68 ghats and construction of 72 small new ghats along the Godavari bund. Minister for Endowments Pydikondala Manikyala Rao and Deputy Chief Minister N. Chinna Rajappa had inspected the ruined ghats in August. But, no work has commenced as yet.
Another challenge is to find space for vehicle parking. Unlike in the previous occasion, when large vacant spaces were available in and around the city, a number of constructions have come up, making the task tough. Providing accommodation for thousands of devotees is yet another issue.
THE CHALLENGES AHEAD
1.Pushkarams works at eleventh hour in 2003 drew criticism
2Flash floods and arrangement of parking facility are big challenges
3.Number of devotees going to be increase more than ten times
4.State facing fund crunch to start Pushkaram works as of now
FUND MANAGEMENT
* Government will release Rs.100 crore as token advance for Pushkaram-2015 works
*Collectors have forwarded proposals worth Rs.1,100 crore for the mega event
QUOTES:
1. “I admit that funds to the tune of Rs. 100 crore as token advance to begin engineering works are yet to be released. But I am expecting them this week.”
Neetu Prasad.
District Collector
East Godvari
2. “We will get funds from the Centre to organise the event in a grand manner and will invite Prime Minister Narendra Modi to inaugurate the event.”
Dr. Akula Satyanaryana,

Singapore wealth fund nears RAC dealSingapore wealth fund nears deal to buy 50% of RAC from Carlyle
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a57edaac-43ee-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deferring gas price hike bigger negative than coal orderLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Deferring gas price hike bigger negative than coal order'
Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital is of the view that government is unlikely to find any takers if gas is priced at $6-6.5 per unit.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
While the Supreme Court’s verdict on coal block removes uncertainty, the negative aspect of the verdict is that coal block allocation will go back by 20 years , says Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, he says that India is hurting from the data put out by the CAG which make no sense.
According to Sanger, India’s power sector continues to be plagued by immense uncertainties and that the power sector is grappling with issues of coal linkage and broke discoms. He feels that the government’s decision to defer gas price hike is a bigger negative than coal block de-allocation ruling.
Meanwhile, speaking about the government’s divestment plans, he says the SAIL is the worst PSU for the government to start its disinvestment drive and that the Finance Minister is ill-advised in picking SAIL to kick off its divestment plans.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Arvind Sanger's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan.
Q: Let me start by asking you about the coal verdict. In a sense the uncertainty is over because the court has said that what is illegal cannot continue to operate and they have given a six months window by when hopefully the government will get the auction process on the road, that is the uncertainty part when the government is going to rollout the auction, whether or not it will be able to meet that six months window. However how are foreign investors going to look at this verdict?
A: At the end of the day the positive is the uncertainty is out of the way but the negative is that you went back 20 years and you cancelled all awards for 20 plus years, plus you are talking about putting penalties on the coal produced. Part of the problem in India is not just that you had policy paralysis because the government was not making decisions, I think you have courts which are second guessing a lot of executive decisions and coming up with solutions which are from an investors standpoint and from a business standpoint negative. I guess this was known that it was coming, so in a sense its good to have it out of the way but the coal problem is not fixed.
Hopefully the government can get its act together and move this forward very quickly. It should focus on not being punitive because people who have built the power plants or the aluminium plants or whatever next to these coal mines are the ones that are going to be the logical winners and then you have this completely wild numbers that the CAG puts out which has no bearing and reality of what the loss to the exchequer is. So, hopefully some of this noise in the system in terms of the courts and the CAG is going to die down because when the coal auctions are held people who have plants right next to it will have the advantage to bid much lower than if it were a brand new coal block.
I am hoping that the political noise of assuming that every time somebody is doing something, where somebody has gotten paid off, there is a lot of that that happened but there was a lot genuine capex done by industry. So, the hope would be that we can move this forward quickly without second guessing continuously by other parties.
Q: But in this environment now and given the regulatory overhang and the regulatory uncertainty do you believe that investors are going to stay away from the infrastructure story, from the end user story which is the steel and cement and the power sector, which clearly are facing difficult times and now the added uncertainty?
A: Let’s separate the sectors. Cement is dependent on what happens with infrastructure demand and that whole story is not dependent on whether or not the coal blocks are allocated or not, but when you look at power and other infrastructure and power specially the uncertainties are still tremendous in terms of not just the coal part of it but also the state electricity boards that are broke and the fact that power plants are sitting idle, not because they don’t have coal, there are some lying idle because they don’t have coal, others are lying idle because their financial restructuring plan hasn’t worked so well. So the state electricity boards can’t afford to buy power.
So you have so many problems, the ‘Gordian knot’ if I may call it that, of the power sector is going to require, and frankly the last government tried a few things. It wasn’t like the last government was not trying, it created this new restructuring plan and the states didn’t all sign up as quickly as we would have hoped. I am hoping that we can move quickly on that because power is going to be a huge challenge for India in terms of its economic growth acting as a break if you don’t have enough power capacity coming on.
Q: Speaking of the power sector another decision that has been taken by the government today is to defer taking a decision on the gas price matter now to November 15. We have been talking about this on CNBC-TV18 whether the government actually has the political appetite to go through with this decision. It maintained that they would have met this September 30 deadline but finally it seems that they have developed cold feet. How much of a negative is this going to be?
A: That is a much bigger negative than the coal verdict. Coal verdict was expected and it is known. The fact that this government is unwilling to take decisions that might cause some populist anger with some people and not willing to make a decision on that is much more discouraging given the fact that this government has such a mandate. One of the first things that the Prime Minister said was about having to make some tough decisions but we haven't seen any. Every time they are faced with this decision where they have to make a tough decision they keep kicking the can down the road. This reminds me of UPA all the way. We know there is a state election coming up but that is an excuse we heard for the last 3-4 years with the last government. So, are we staring off with the same approach of kicking the can down the road?
The other part of it is that from everything that I hear the decision that was going to come down is going to be worst than the somewhat finally courageous decision that last government did to provide some transparency  on the pricing.
If you are doing USD 6.50 nobody is coming to India. If you want to put up a sign shut for investment in hydrocarbons it is a great policy. If you want to put up a sign we would like to have investments in hydrocarbon it needs to be a completely different policy because at USD 6.50 the gas is going to stay beautifully underground and is not going to be helping the Indian consumers. So, the populist will be happy that  Reliance got "punished" but the country will be a big loser.
Q: Is the honeymoon period over with this government? Are investors now starting to lose patience because it is not reflecting in the stock market a movement that were seen yet?
A: Not yet, because there is still signs that at least some of the machinery of project approvals and environmental stuff is moving on but it is dangerously close to where we need to see some big decisions where the government does. Yes, it is creating some better approvals. Let’s talk about the positive, when I talk to businessmen one of the things that they all talk about is how the government is reaching out to them, the ministers and the bureaucrats, which never happened in the past and asking them how can we fix your problems.
So there is an effort to try to develop comprehensive policies and part of its explanation is it is taking time but they are hard at work, getting industry feedback to try to fix problems. So the reason the honeymoon period is still alive even despite this one or two decisions or non-decisions is because there is hope that there is some stuff coming out that is going to be comprehensive, that is going to show but if in the next two or three months we don’t see some action that is tangible and measurable and desirable, I will tell you one of the disaster this week. Very small, but didn’t get committed on; the government announced in its Budget it’s disinvestment targets. Guess what, I don’t know who advised the Finance Minister but the lead off with Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) . If you had to pick an absolutely disastrous, terribly run PSU you couldn’t have done a better job of picking that. Why would you lead off your disinvestment with the one that is destined to fail, which they have now said we are not going to do it because the stock has dropped too much. In a bull market there are so many options that they could have chosen.
Q: What about  ONGC now because ONGC and  Coal India were the next big ones that they were looking at. ONGC you still don't have clarity on gas, you won't have it till November, Coal India given all the uncertainty around the sector, what happens now to the disinvestment target that the government papered?
A: You have other options, you have some of the stocks of  Axis Bank and others owned by SUUTI that will be easy to do. You have things like  Hindustan Zinc and Balco which we have a willing buyer and all the things have been cleared up.
So, there are options out there. You can't keep doing the same things that the last government did which is put PSUs in front of investors and ask them to sign up without any clarity on how they are going to earn returns on their investment. I am not sure that there is an organised thought process here which seems to be discernible to us investors.   
Q: You are not sounding bullish on India at all?
A: I have been getting a little more cautious in the last couple of weeks because the global macro environment is looking a little less favourable. So, when India is this vast outlier versus the rest of the world and it is not doing enough to justify that outlier status, if the rest of the world was doing fine and things were hunky dory and everything else in India can – but if there is any risk off trade that happens India has a little more risk than others unless it starts to show a reason why it should continue to deserve that outlier status. So, I have gotten a little more cautious.
RELATED NEWS

Digvijaya s mission accomplishedDigvijaya s mission accomplished
Will begin coal block allocation on a clean state: PrasadWill begin coal block allocation on a clean state: Prasad
Dedicate one day of each month for cleaning: CM Anandi PatelDedicate one day of each month for cleaning: CM Anandi Patel
Sena-BJP alliance headed for rocky waters amid trust deficitSena-BJP alliance headed for rocky waters amid trust deficit
MCX shareholders approve P K Singhal s appointment as Joint MDMCX shareholders approve P K Singhal s appointment as Joint MD
Letters: One big step for India...Letters: One big step for India...
Obama urges Iran to seize  historic opportunity  of nuc dealObama urges Iran to seize  historic opportunity  of nuc deal
Ikea signs MoU to open store in HyderabadIkea signs MoU to open store in Hyderabad
Dallas Convention & Visitors Budallas convention & visitors bu
Pending Home Sales Bounce Back in Julypending home sales bounce back in july
Thai Ruler Sorry for  Bikini  Remark After Beach Killingsthai ruler sorry for  bikini  remark after beach killings
Intex Aqua 4X is an affordable android smartphoneComputer peripherals player Intex Technologies' Aqua 4X smartphone is among the most affordable smartphone launched in the market.
ADVERTISEMENT

Emanuel  Tullman take broad view of tech to launch Social Media Week1
Emanuel said immigration reform is essential to promoting small business in the United States, where nearly half of new businesses are started by immigrants.
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign draws a huge number of Chinese computer science and engineering students, which is a win for that school, Emanuel said. By making it easier for immigrants skilled in technology to obtain H1B visas for specialty workers, and by creating an environment that is welcoming to them, the local technology ecosystem will grow, he said.
“Israel had to go through like 15 waves of immigrants before they got it right,” Emanuel said. “They got this one. It’s right and it’s a game-changer.”
TALENT EXISTS BEYOND DOWNTOWN
Students at the U of I are making strides in technology, but many of them move on to companies like Seattle-based Microsoft after graduation rather than staying in state, Emanuel said.
That’s why Tullman is working on a program to bring students from the Downstate campus to 1871 for a semester during their junior year, giving them a taste of the city’s startup life. “People down there don’t get what’s going on in Chicago right now,” he said.
Emanuel pointed to the upcoming digital manufacturing hub, the Univeristy of Illinois-affiliated UI Labs, as an example of Chicago’s commitment to R&D and research. He said the university’s distance from Chicago has been a “historic problem,” but programs such as this one should help bridge the gap.
Leaders will have to make special effort to engage students and adults on the South Side as well, Emanuel said, and pointed to SEEK, a three-week summer STEM program for students in Englewood. That will help move the needle, Emanuel said.
“Our real test is to make sure that kids going to [Sarah E. Goode STEM Academy] on the South Side ... understand that the education they get is their passport to a company startup at 1871,” Emanuel said.
COMPANIES NEED A REASON TO STAY
Comprehensive tax reform will be necessary to prevent inversions, or companies moving headquarters abroad for tax purposes, Emanuel said.
The location of companies’ manufacturing facilities may be as important as where they move their office headquarters, Tullman said.
“Where are they locating the warehouses and things?” Tullman said. “Those are the real things we have to keep, because they generate multiple benefits, including jobs and opportunities.”
Social Media Week continues through Friday with a total of 140 events produced by Chicago individuals and companies.

Alleged Inside Traders Ate Post-It Notes And Napkins But Still Got Bustedreddit
John Le Carré is unimpressed. If you're going to use spycraft to conduct insider trading, at least use it properly.
Last week, a Brooklyn man named Frank Tamayo, 41, pleaded guilty to Securities and Exchange Commission charges that he had been the middleman in an insider-trading scheme that the SEC had first alleged back in March.
According to the SEC, Tamayo helped two other men - Steven Metro, then a clerk at the Simpson Thacher law firm, and stockbroker Vladimir Eydelman, formerly of Oppenheimer and Morgan Stanley - pull off a plot that seemed clever, but also hilarious.
Metro regularly passed trading tips gleaned from his law firm's files on to Eydelman, according to the SEC, but the two men never met. Instead, according to prosecutors, Metro would meet Tamayo for coffee and show him the ticker symbol of a stock he wanted Eydelman to buy. Tamayo would then allegedly meet Eydelman at the clock in Grand Central Terminal and show him a post-it note or a napkin with the ticker symbol on it and walk away. After that, the SEC says , Tamayo “chewed up and sometimes even ate the post-it note or napkin to destroy evidence.”
The first problem with this scheme was that Metro and Eydelman allegedly chose to trade in securities that the SEC monitors really closely for weird trading patterns using fancy algorithms. As Matt Levine said when the indictment was first announced in March, if you’re going to insider-trade, “don't buy short-dated out-of-the-money call options in companies that are about to be acquired.”
The even more basic problem for these enterprising, espionage-inspired alleged insider traders was that, while their scheme was, in the SEC’s words , “deliberately constructed to avoid detection,” it was fairly easily detectable.
“Tamayo,” the SEC’s Robert Cohen said , “was the firewall between Metro and Eydelman.”
Except that, if so, he was a pretty terrible firewall: After he met with Tamayo but before he placed his trades, prosecutors say Eydelman would email Tamayo seemingly legitimate justification for the trade about which they had just met. (Along the lines of: "I was looking at some numbers this morning, and I think this company is undervalued, so I am buying some stock.”)
Why, after going through the whole ‘meet at the clock in Grand Central and eat the Post-It note’ routine, would you email the guy you just met in a train station about the exact topic you wanted to keep secret? If two people are separated by a middleman, concealing the identity of the middleman is pretty crucial to keeping those two people separated.
Sending an email to your great-aunt achieves the same thing (a possibly legitimate reason for buying a stock you are allegedly buying for illegitimate reasons) without achieving what you don’t want it to (tipping off investigators to the identity of the middleman).
This is a good reminder that the firewall you create to protect yourself from insider trading charges should not include regular emails to one of your alleged conspirators. Once the SEC notices the unusual trades you're allegedly placing, and that you are emailing your middleman about those trades, it's pretty much game over in terms of keeping your alleged connection obscured.
Metro and Eydelman have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial. Their lawyers could not immediately be reached for comment.
More:

President Obama Is Serious About Cracking Down on Tax InversionsArea men scramble to sell their pharma stock.
Photo by Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
Yesterday, the Treasury Department announced a new set of rules, effective immediately, meant to curb tax inversions—the controversial deals in which U.S. corporations move their addresses overseas for tax purposes by buying a smaller foreign company. There's a decent chance the government's efforts will have some teeth, at least to judge by investors' reactions.
Inversions have been all over the news lately thanks to Burger King’s decision to buy Tim Hortons and move to Canada, as well as a spate of deals in the pharmaceutical and medical device industry. Burger King's plan to move north seems to be moving full speed ahead , but as soon as the Treasury rolled out its new regulations, health stocks started dropping . Reuters reports that the “move could jeopardize” Illinois-based AbbVie’s deal to buy Shire and decamp to the United Kingdom; both companies saw their share prices tumble yesterday. Medtronic, which has a merger lined up that would potentially move it to Ireland, saw its stock fall as well, and “may become one of the biggest losers,” according to Bloomberg . The rule changes are also dampening investor hopes that Pfizer would make another attempt to merge with U.K.-based AstraZeneca. Both of those stocks tumbled, too. "Inversion deals now are clearly going to be very difficult to pull off," Navid Malik, head of life sciences research at securities firm Cenkos, told Reuters .
Advertisement
So, what are these new rules? The changes are designed to both make inversions harder to execute and less profitable tax-wise. For instance, when an American company buys a foreign target and inverts, its old shareholders aren’t allowed to own more than 80 percent of the newly combined corporation. Some U.S. companies sidestepped that rule by paying out a huge dividend to shrink themselves right before their merger—now they won’t be able to do so. The Treasury is also taking steps to clamp down on “hopscotch loans,” which some inverted companies have used to access their foreign profits without paying any U.S. taxes on them.
Top Comment
Right now we have an extremely high corporate tax rate, and a really complicated tax code full of loopholes that large companies can exploit to keep from actually paying said high corporate tax rate.   More...
-Belisarius85
Join In
Some doubt, however, that Treasury’s new regulations will have much of an effect on the eight inversion deals that are currently in motion. “These rules do not strike anything like a mortal blow to the pending deals,” corporate tax consultant Robert Willens told his clients, according to Bloomberg . He wrote that Medtronic and AbbVie should wrap up their mergers “without missing a beat.”
Still, given that the Treasury’s moves are essentially fallback measures meant to compensate for the president’s inability to pass anything through Congress that would block inversions, it's impressive that they’ve still thrown so many of these deals into question.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Modis diet in US: fruit  lime-waterIndia-United States
For many years during Navratri Mr Modi has been observing a fast
In view of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Navratri’ fasts to be observed during his U.S. visit which includes a private dinner by President Barack Obama, India has indicated the “dietary preferences” to the host and the preparations are being done accordingly.
“It is normal diplomatic practice that when we discuss any engagement which may entail any meal or any other food... for the host to request and for the guest, that is the Indian side, to indicate what are the dietary preferences.
“And let me assure you that those dietary preferences have been indicated to the host and they have taken note of it and have prepared everything accordingly,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said here on Tuesday.
According to sources, the 64-year-old Prime Minister has been keeping the fast for many years during Navratri and this year will be no exception.
He will be taking “fruits and lime-water” during his U.S. stay, which coincides with the festival in the honour of Goddess Durga this year, they said.
Navratri, derived from the ancient Sanskrit words ‘nine nights’, falls this year from September 25 to October 3.
However, PMO sources had already clarified that his fast won’t impact on any engagements he will have during his official visit to the U.S.

Home Depots Former Lead Security Engineer Had a Legacy of SabotageYou never know who's watching those transactions.
Photo by David McNew/Getty Images
Information continues to trickle in on the Home Depot data breach, and it's an ugly one. Last week, the company confirmed that its security lapse—the biggest ever for a retailer—had compromised the credit cards of 56 million customers from April to September. The data now being sold on black markets could contribute to an estimated $3 billion in illegal purchases.
Security experts, the New York Times reported , are "flabbergasted" that Home Depot could fall victim to such an enormous breach, less than a year after Target exposed the data of 40 million consumers' cards last holiday season. But former employees of the home-improvement chain told the Times they were less surprised, and that security at Home Depot had long been "a record of missteps":
In recent years, Home Depot relied on outdated software to protect its network and scanned systems that handled customer information irregularly, those people said. Some members of its security team left as managers dismissed their concerns. Others wondered how Home Depot met industry standards for protecting customer data. One went so far as to warn friends to use cash, rather than credit cards, at the company’s stores.
Advertisement
Buried at the bottom of the Times story was another concerning detail: Ricky Joe Mitchell, the former lead security engineer at Home Depot's stores, was convicted this spring of sabotaging the security network of his previous employer.* He is now serving a four-year sentence in federal prison. Ars Technica dug up more details on Mitchell's less-than-stellar record:
When Mitchell learned he was going to be fired in June of 2012 from the oil and gas company  EnerVest Operating , he "remotely accessed EnerVest’s computer systems and reset the company’s network servers to factory settings, essentially eliminating access to all the company’s data and applications for its eastern United States operations," a Department of Justice spokesperson wrote in a release on his conviction. "Before his access to EnerVest’s offices could be terminated, Mitchell entered the office after business hours, disconnected critical pieces of … network equipment, and disabled the equipment’s cooling system."
According to Ars Technica, Mitchell also got into legal trouble over malicious technical activity in high school, when he was expelled for planting viruses in the school's computer system. He reportedly described himself on his website as someone who loved "to write and distribute Viruses." Of course people can change a lot between high school and adulthood. But between that early history and his actions at EnerVest Operating, Mitchell's employment at Home Depot isn't giving too many added votes of confidence to the company's security team.
*Correction, Sept. 23, 2014: This post previously misstated Ricky Joe Mitchell's title. He was not the head of Home Depot's IT security; he was lead security engineer.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Samsung Power Sharing Cable: This $20 cable lets you charge devices using a Galaxy phone or tablet39
0
New Delhi: Samsung has launched a new Power Sharing Cable that lets users charge micro USB devices with a Galaxy phone or tablet. In other words, with this cable, users can transfer power directly from their compatible Samsung device to any micro USB compatible device including a wearable, smartphone, tablet, or a Bluetooth headset. This new cable costs $19.99.
The Samsung devices from which power can be transferred include the Galaxy S5, Galaxy Tab S 10.5, Galaxy Tab S 8.4, Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Avant, and the Galaxy Note 4.
Simply plug one end of the cable into a device's micro USB port that you want to charge from and then plug the other end of the cable into the micro USB port of another device you want to charge to. Arrows on the different cable tips designate which way power will flow, either out of a device or in.
The Samsung devices from which power can be transferred include the Galaxy S5, Galaxy Tab S 10.5, Galaxy Tab S 8.4, Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Avant, and the Galaxy Note 4.
Users can also select exactly how much power they would like to transfer from a device to another and monitor transfer progress with the available Power Sharing app (which is downloadable from Samsung Apps/Google Play stores).
162

Coal block allocations case: Supreme Court scraps 214  spares 4; firms to pay for losses causedHome
FE editor's picks
Coal block allocations case: Supreme Court scraps 214, spares 4; firms may have to pay Rs 7,900 crore penalty
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
Sep 24 2014, 22:27  IST
 

MOM delivers: India scripts history as Mangalyaan enters MarsComments
The Mars orbiter spacecraft started sending its first high quality images of the Red Planet late on Wednesday, Isro sources said, allaying fears that the missions cameras had failed.
“Images are clicked. Data is downloaded. Process is going on,” a top Isro official said, replying to a question on whether the spacecraft had taken pictures of Mars’ surface.
India's Mars Orbiter spacecraft has sent five pictures of the red planet's surface, said a senior Isro official. "The Mars Orbiter has started sending pictures. We have received five pictures and these are under processing," the official said, preferring anonymity.
Images were expected to arrive in the afternoon but there was no news about it till evening causing some concern.
Earlier on Wednesday, India created history by becoming the first country to succeed on its first Mars mission when Isro's Mangalyaan slipped into Martian orbit after a few nail-biting moments.
The country joined the United States, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers with the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately called MOM.
"History has been created by our scientists", said PM Narendra Modi in his speech immediately after the scientists declared the mission a success. "We have dared to reach out to the unknown."
"When our cricketers win a tournament, we celebrate in a big way. What these scientists have achieved is thousand times bigger," he added.
Read: From lighter rocket to slingshot, Isro innovates its way to Mars
Earlier, there were some tense moments at the Indian Space and Research Organisation (Isro), which commanded a series of tricky manoeuvres to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
The insertion started at 4.17am when the spacecraft switched over to the medium gain antenna for providing  the communication link during the insertion. At 6.56am, the spacecraft  initiated the process of forward rotation, reducing its speed.
Watch: 5 Things You Must Know About Mars Orbiter Mission
Read: Knew MOM will be a success, says PM Modi
At 7.17am, the scientists had to grapple with the most critical moment — when the liquid apogee motor had to be fired. The motor was woken up for four seconds on Monday during a test-fire after 300 days of long sleep.
The motor was fired for 24 minutes, reducing the velocity of the spacecraft  by 4.2km per second in relation to Mars. This was soon followed by  moments of tension and anxiety when the communication broke as the spacecraft slipped  behind Mars as the  scientists waited for the  good news.
At 7.45am, the occult ended and after two minutes, communication with the spacecraft resumed and data was flashed about the performance of the liquid apogee motor.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi  congratulated Isro scientists after the mission met with success.
HT interactives : Ride the Mangalyaan  | MOM sensors
Most of MOM’s Mars orbit insertion happened in the dark because the spacecraft was around the surface of the planet that did not receive sunlight.
Mangalyaan, which relies on homegrown technology, is a remarkably low budget mission of about $75 million. Nasa's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday has a price tag of $671 million - nearly nine times that of MOM's.
Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory had wished their Indian counterparts luck a day ago. “Good luck MOM. From your JPL family,” read the message posted on Isro’s Facebook page.
Read: India expands boundaries of knowledge with Mars Orbiter Mission
India's feat gains significane in the light of the fact that more than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 Mars missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
"India has become  the first Asian country to do the Mars mission.  This also is a reflection of the growing space race between India and China as well as in the broader Asian context," senior researcher Dr. Rajeswari Pillai Rajagopalan said.
India has said its spacecraft is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Bollywood lauds India's date with the red planet
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It will also search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The Isro Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN) facility in Byalalu, 55 kilometres from Bangalore, along with other global centres is tracking the spacecraft. A confirmation call through a hotline from Canberra, which is the station in position to receive the first signals came in at around 8.10 am
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Nasa congratulated India in a Twitter message, welcoming MOM to studying the Red Planet.
We congratulate @ISRO for its Mars arrival! @MarsOrbiter joins the missions studying the Red Planet.
(With inputs from agencies)

Mumbai slips to 10th slot in terms of rentals: Knight FrankSep 24, 2014, 07.48 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mumbai slips to 10th slot in terms of rentals: Knight Frank
According to the Knight Frank survey report, Mumbai which ranked sixth among global cities in 2007, slipped to the 10th position in 2014 mainly due to delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mumbai slips to 10th slot in terms of rentals: Knight Frank
According to the Knight Frank survey report, Mumbai which ranked sixth among global cities in 2007, slipped to the 10th position in 2014 mainly due to delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence.
Post your opinion here
 
The realty sector slowdown and lack of business confidence have brought Mumbai down to the 10th position this year, among the top 15 global cities, in terms of office rentals, a recent Knight Frank survey report released today said. The 15 cities surveyed are San Francisco, Madrid, New York, Singapore, Sydney, Washington, London, Mumbai, Tokyo, Mexico City, Paris, Hong Kong, Houston and Frankfurt.
According to the Knight Frank survey report, Mumbai which ranked sixth among global cities in 2007, slipped to the 10th position in 2014 mainly due to delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence. "Delayed revival of the Indian economy and lack of business confidence took a toll on the Indian office market.
This had led to Mumbai slipping from the sixth to the 10th rank in terms of rental ranking of global cities between 2007-14. "While rental decline has been the primary reason, a
depreciating rupee added fuel to the fire," Knight Frank Chief Economist and Director of Research Samantak Das said in the report. Among the top 15 global cities, office rentals in Mumbai are lowest at Rs 250 per square feet per month, compared to London and New York which stand at Rs 900 square feel and Rs 360 per square feet respectively, the report said.
However, the report claimed that going forward, the city's office rentals are expected to grow by nearly 15 percent over the next five years due to "improved sentiment," the report said. According to the report, current vacancy levels within the Mumbai office market lies at 23 per cent, which is the highest, as compared to the top 15 global cities. However, rental yields within the city's office market, is the highest, at 10.3 per cent, as compared to cities like Sydney, Washington and Shanghai, which offer rental yields of 6.3 percent, 6.2 percent and 6 percent respectively, it said.
"Technology and infotech sectors have been key drivers of the take-up of office space in Asia. Financial services and banking, the sectors which led the pre-global financial crisis boom, continue to be more cost conscious. While there is still demand from these sectors, there has been less front or prime office demand," Knight Frank Asia Pacific Head of Research Nicholas Holt said in the report. However, in the coming years, financial services and banking occupiers to return to drive sizeable segments of demand, he said in the survey report.
RELATED NEWS

Can Modi government energise Indian infrastructureSep 24, 2014, 09.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Can Modi government energise Indian infrastructure?
Does the current upturn in sentiment automatically mean that we will see infrastructure picking up and ensure we get our roads, we get our ports, power and all of that on-stream or is there still a lot to be done.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Can Modi government energise Indian infrastructure?
Does the current upturn in sentiment automatically mean that we will see infrastructure picking up and ensure we get our roads, we get our ports, power and all of that on-stream or is there still a lot to be done.
Post your opinion here
Change India
Infrastructure has been a priority for the last three-four governments but we still fall woefully short on all counts. So the big question now is can the Modi government energise Indian infrastructure.
Does the current upturn in sentiment automatically mean that we will see infrastructure picking up and ensure we get our roads, we get our ports, power and all of that on-stream or is there still a lot to be done.
To discuss the agenda for infrastructure we have with us in Delhi Mr Brijeshwar Singh, Former Chairman of National Highways Authority of India (NHAI); with me in Mumbai we have got Mr MS Unnikrishnan, Managing Director & CEO of Thermax; Mr Suneet K. Maheshwari, Group Executive Vice President – Corporate Affairs, L&T Holdings & Financial and Mr MK Sinha, Managing Partner & CEO, IDFC Alternatives.
Before the discussion, below are opinions of some esteemed people.
Sumant, Sinha, Founder and Chairman, Renew Power Ventures
The government has actually gone out of its way to try to look at all aspects of it, not just what needs to be done on the ground but also the financing, the regulatory aspects and looking at all of those things they have definitely tried to articulate a broader vision.
S Sandilya, Chairman, Eicher Motors Limited
One of the major issues in infrastructure is implementation. The government and the PPP sector we talked about I don’t think PP has really succeeded in our country because it has not been thought through and there have been hurdles like land acquisition has been a problem, the commitment that the government has given us has been a problem, single window clearances and all the environment clearances have always stuck up the projects. So given all that factors the government should very seriously think of clear cut road map for implementing the policies that they have taken up and they must go through with speed.
Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK
Two things which are really fantastic, one is the fact that creating a bond market and giving tax incentives for bonds that banks can raise bonds and especially excluding those from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) norms like Statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) ratios has been a issue for banks. So they will end up getting a lot of money.
Below is the transcript of the discussion with CNBC-TV18's Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Q: One of the criticisms is that we haven't heard a grand reform agenda announced by the government. Others argue that, that is not needed, what you need is really implementation of existing policy. Broadly in infrastructure are all reforms in place? Do we need further reforms there or we just need implementation?
Unnikrishnan: In some sectors reforms may not be a priority but there are some sectors where it is the priority. For example in PPP related areas we need to have a lot more of traction done by the government. For example let me take power as a sector, we had the Indian Electricity Act put in the parliament in 2003 and chapter I of the story written and no chapter II, III or IV in 11 years of existence. That is why the kind of problem that we are facing today. We mentioned about open access, is it really practically on the ground happening? We spoke about price variation in the beginning itself, if there is a sovereign action taken by some other country but what has happened to couple of projects where there had been sovereign action taken by an outside country and the Indian companies who invested in that are suffering. So, the PPP structure is where the failure has happened and reforms are necessity over there.
A PPP means public private partnership, it is not privatisation. The way it is seen by the governance is like a privatisation whereas it is something like a government and private organisations together giving a public service.
I would say in various other sectors like ports, airports reforms are better than power but it is still inadequate. Whenever you are having public service, infrastructure is fundamentally for public service, we have to alleviate the citizen to make him pay equivalent to what is the cost incurred minimum and if anything more than the cost is paid then there is a payback for it and the banking system comes in to funding in. So, we are yet to be reaching to that level of maturity in the entire infrastructure implementation where government is stepping aside and telling private industries come forward and do that, that is my understanding.
Q: When we talk about infrastructure we talk about linkages, one we need energy linkages, one we need physical linkages like roads, ports etc. Do we need further reform there?
Singh: We have to look at four basics questions, are we ready to start the projects, have we done all pre-construction work, have we done the project reports, have we done the feasibility reports. That is one set of questions and that covers all the land acquisition, construction these sort of questions which have been raised. So that is the pre-construction phase that is one important area where we need reforms.
The second and the crucial question is who is going to pay the bills. Because if this going to be in Engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) type of contract done on budget, out of budgetary resources there isn't much room to manoeuvre. Budgetary resources are extremely stretched, government wants to bring down inflation, have a stable macro economic climate, prevent the rupee from depreciating and you cannot just blow up the budget on infrastructure, EPC type of projects. If you can't do that then you have a very limited room for manoeuvre, you have to go for public private partnership (PPP) and PPP's as Mr Unnikrishnan, Mr. Maheshwari and Mr.Sinha will all tell you, can only be done if the project is commercially viable.
In infrastructure we always are struggling between doing projects which are commercially viable and can be done on the PPP route because there is a good return there for any investor who wants to come in and projects which have to be done even if they are not commercially viable but they have to be done because they are strategically very important you do have to reach out to the backward areas of the country. So this is all is the question which is determined by what is the mode of financing and that is a critical question government has to face up to.
The third question is who is going to build it, because at the moment many of the EPC type firms are going through an acute crisis of funding, some of them are solvent because they have done assets sales, many of them have been going through very painful Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) and they are finding banks are not willing to fund them beyond a point. So do we have the firms ready to get up and sprint and build these projects? That's the third sort of question.
The fourth question was what was raised in the context of the power sector. What happens after the project is built. You get further reforms, are your tariffs flexible, are you keeping market realities in view, are you revising tariffs once there is an external shock. So, there is pre-construction phase as a huge financial question. There is a question of who will be the players and there is a question of what happens once the project is completed does it remain viable.
RELATED NEWS

Learning How to Survive a Plane CrashAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Slapped Muslim cleric refuses to seek bail  says Khuda will do himjusticeHasan was sent to jail in judicial custody till October 2 after he refused to apply for bail. (Source: IE photo)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:36 pm | Updated: September 25, 2014 3:05 am
A day after he was arrested, the Muslim cleric from Gujarat, who offered Narendra Modi a skull cap three years ago, was Wednesday sent to judicial custody till October 2. Sufi Imam Mehdi Hasan, who was arrested for his remarks on Navratri festival, was assaulted by a youth outside Thasra court in Kheda district, where he was produced by the local police.
Hasan was sent to judicial custody after he refused to apply for bail and told the court, “Khuda mera insaf karega (The Almighty will do justice to me).” The cleric was arrested Tuesday for allegedly describing garba as entertainment for the doers of “demonic deeds”.
He came into the spotlight in September 2011 when he offered Narendra Modi, the then chief minister, a skull cap, while greeting him on the Sadbhavana fast. Modi had refused to wear the cap.
Eyewitnesses said that when Hasan was brought in a police van, the court premises bristled with agitated people. The moment Hasan got out of the van, a person, later identified as Rakesh R Patel, slapped him, pushing the cleric to the ground. The police escorting Hasan soon got hold of the attacker. In no time, the video grabs of the incident went viral.
“The man leapt towards Hasan and beat him up. We immediately took preventive measures,” said Kheda District SP Sachin Badshah.
After the incident, the cleric was produced before Judge P V Bhatt, who sent him to 14-day judicial custody. He refused to hire any lawyer to defend himself. In the meantime, Thasra police arrested Rakesh Patel, a resident of Nadiad, and lodged an FIR.

Chidambarams car stopped at Gujarat High Court entrance for not bearing entrystickerPrint
Written by Satish Jha | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 24, 2014 8:35 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 9:02 pm
Former Union Home and Finance minister P Chidambaram’s car was stopped at the entrance of Gujarat High Court on Wednesday morning for not bearing the mandatory entry sticker. He was made to walk from the entrance till the court after a lawyer objected to his car not having the sticker of the HC Bar Association, which was mandatory for lawyers to enter the court without a pass.
Chidambaram arrived at the entrance gate at around 11 am to appear in a case representing BG Gas Exploration and Production India Limited challenging an assessment order of Gujarat government’s sales tax department in 2010. The sales tax department has levied taxes on the company said to be Rs.800 crore per year which has been challenged in the HC.
Advocate Yatin Oza who is the president of the Gujarat High Court Advocates association, arrived at the same, his car following Chidambaram’s. According to security guards present at the spot, Oza objected to entry of the car before him since it did not have the sticker for advocates practicing at the HC.
“I don’t know whether the car belonged to Chidambaram. I did object to two cars entering the court that didn’t have the sticker. I was also in a hurry. Had I known that the car belonged to Chidambaram, I would have welcomed him,” Oza said when asked about the incident.
Eyewitnesses present at the spot said that Chidambaram had to leave the car at the spot itself. His car took a u-turn while he walked towards the court. There were no security personnel with him. Senior police officials said that Chidambaram came as a private lawyer who did not inform the government, therefore, no security was arranged.
Chidambaram refused to comment on the incident when approached by The Indian Express
Chidambaram argued his case before the division bench of justices Harsha Devani and Sonia Gokani for the whole day. The arguments will be continued on Thursday as well. After the court’s proceeding got over Chidambarm walked till the entrance and got in the private cars belonging to hotel Courtyard Marriott which was waiting outside the entrance.
While leaving the court several journalists surrounded Chidambaram for his opinion on the functioning of Prime Minister Narendra Modi led government, however, he remained unresponsive.

Above the Law gets more AppealingBy Jonathan H. Adler September 24
Howard Bashman’s indispensable legal blog, How Appealing , is moving to a new home.  Effective October 1, Bashman’s blog will be hosted by  Above the Law .  It will remain a separate blog at its own new address (howappealing.abovethelaw.com).  Here are announcements from How Appealing and ATL .  Congratulations to both.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Harvard wants you (yes  you) to build squishy robotsBy Rachel Feltman September 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
Engineers are still working on making soft robots that can crawl into crumbling buildings and perform intricate surgeries, but thanks to a new toolkit from Harvard, so can you. (Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences via YouTube)
Soft robots are pretty neat : Replacing hard components with silicon and air makes them safer and more durable. Engineers are still working on making soft robots that can crawl into crumbling buildings and perform intricate surgeries, but thanks to a new toolkit from Harvard, so can you.
The Web site gives you everything you need to design a soft robot: You can 3D print basic mold designs (assuming, of course, you have a 3D printer --  or access to one, via a workshop or DIY collective ) or follow tutorials to learn how to design your own.
Then, use the site's step-by-step instructions to cast the robotic components in silicon. Not sure where to buy your materials? The toolkit offers quick shopping links.
The toolkit site also gives instructions for building a basic control board -- which you can use as-is or modify to suit your own needs -- so you can get your bot mobile.
In addition to helping you build an army of robotic octopus minions , the shared space will help the fledgling soft robotics community to collaborate with each other. By making as many components of successful robots free and easy for others to play with, we can speed up the process of building a better bot.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Xu Yangjingjing and Simon DenyerIran’s capital will come to a halt on Sunday as its two biggest soccer teams face each other.
Nov 22, 2014
A freight train left a city in eastern China to go on a 21-day-long journey to Madrid, Spain
Nov 21, 2014
This 100-year-old painting by Adolf Hitler is going on auction in Nuremberg this weekend.
Nov 21, 2014
A futuristic underwater city could house 5,000 people.
Nov 20, 2014
The Turkish president is not retracting his claim that Muslim seafarers found the New World before Christopher Columbus.
Nov 20, 2014
The blockbuster’s overtly political narrative may have fallen afoul of government censors.
Nov 20, 2014
“When the metropolis is weak, the collapse comes.“
Nov 19, 2014
Israel has reinstated the controversial tactic of destroying the homes of Palestinians it says are terrorists.
Nov 19, 2014
The history of a particularly loaded expression.
Nov 18, 2014
It’s not clear which, if any, Palestinian militant group is behind the attack, but this old leftist organization is believed to be involved.
Nov 18, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

Maharashtra: NCP minister moves HC to quash order of probe against him3
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Minister for Medical Education Jitendra Awhad on Wednesday filed a petition in the Bombay High Court seeking to quash a Magistrate's order asking police to probe allegations of "false" affidavit filed by him during the 2009 assembly elections from Kalwa-Mumbra constituency.
The petition came up for hearing before Justice ML Tahilyani, who adjourned the matter to October 1 after Awhad's lawyer sought one week's time to argue the case. Awhad, an NCP leader, has challenged the order of Judicial Magistrate First Class, Thane, asking Kalva police on December 10, 2013, to probe allegations of not disclosing in the affidavit about the ownership of a flat in Adarsh Society.
The Magistrate had given the order on a private complaint filed by activist Praveen Wategaonkar, who alleged that Awhad had not disclosed in his affidavit that he had ownership of a flat in the controversial Adarsh Society.
The petition came up for hearing before Justice ML Tahilyani, who adjourned the matter to October 1 after Awhad's lawyer sought one week's time to argue the case.
#maharashtra #ncp #maharashtra government #jitendra awhad
According to the complainant, Awhad had allegedly made payments of Rs 60.37 lakh to the Adarsh Society from time to time between 2004 and 2010. Non-disclosure of this information was an offence under IPC and Representation of People's Act, the complaint added.
Awhad said that the order of the Thane Magistrate should be quashed as it was barred by the law of limitation (which prescribes that a law suit should be filed within a stipulated period). While the complaint was filed in 2012, the elections were held in 2009 and hence the law of limitation came into play, he argued in the petition.
However, Wategaonkar said he came to know about the payments made by Awhad to Adarsh Society only during 2011 from the high court records, as it was a private transaction between two parties. Hence, he filed the complaint only after he learnt about Awhad owning a flat in the controversial housing society.
Earlier, the court has granted an ex-parte stay on the proceedings before the Thane court.
0

News 360: ISRO orbiter Mangalyaan sends Mars picturesIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bombay HC gives conditional nod to hold  garba  in JVPD silence zoneSep 24, 2014 at 09:42pm IST
Bombay HC gives conditional nod to hold 'garba' in JVPD silence zone
5
0
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday allowed organisers to hold 'garba' dance in Navratri festival, beginning on Thursday, at Juhu Vile Parle Development Scheme (JVPD) in suburban Juhu even though the area falls under
'silence zone'.
The permission was granted to Carnival Media Pvt Ltd to hold the dance every evening from September 25 to October 3, subject to certain conditions, by a bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah.
The permission was granted to Carnival Media Pvt Ltd to hold the dance every evening from September 25 to October 3, subject to certain conditions, by a bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah.
#bombay high court #jvpd #garba #navratri
The bench asked the organisers to strictly adhere to the rules on maintaining the prescribed noise decibel levels and ensure that there is no traffic congestion in the area and residents are not disturbed.
The high court was hearing a petition filed by the organisers challenging the denial of permission by police to organise the dance on the ground that the area is a silence zone where schools and colleges are located. Senior counsel Janak Dwarkadas, who represented the organisers, cited the guidelines by the supreme court that silence zone is applicable only during school and college
working hours.
However, this function was to be held during evening hours when the educational institutions do not function, he argued. Dwarkadas also assured the court that the organisers will abide by all the rules to check noise and air pollution.
The HC then directed the state government and police to follow the same rules for other organisers too. In another petition, another bench of Justices
VM Kanade and PD Kode allowed Shri Vile Parle Patidar Mandal to hold 'garba' dance on the condition that organisers follow rules on air and noise pollution.
0

SHAH MARAI / AFP - Getty Images fileshah marai / afp - getty images file
Food mela promises a grand feastUpdated: September 24, 2014 22:48 IST
Food mela promises a grand feast
H. S. Narasimha Kumar
Tweet
The Dasara food mela will be held from September 25 to October 4 at the Scouts and Guides grounds here.
The highlight of this year’s mela will be tribal food, which is being introduced for the first time.
The mela will also offer delicacies from Rajasthan, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Hyderabad and Kerala apart from coastal Karnataka, Uttara Kannada and Kodagu. Over 120 stalls have been set up at the venue. Tribal people from different parts of Mysore and Chamarajanagar have already set up their kitchen and are set to serve their dishes.
Chief Executive Officer of Mysore Zilla Panchayat Gopal and Senior Deputy Director of Food and Civil supplies Department K. Rameshwarappa said here on Wednesday that cooking competition, eating contest, fancy dress and cultural programmes would be held during the mela.
A seminar on food security, Anna Bhagya and organic farming will also be organised. Departments of agriculture, education and women and child development have been assigned to hold seminars during the mela, Mr. Rameshwarappa said.
Mr. Rameshwarappa said the fancy dress competition would be held for children aged between 5 and 8.
He said there had been great demand for stalls from food manufacturers. Over 600 applications were received by the Food Mela sub-committee. An environmental engineer has been posted at the venue to ensure cleanliness all through the 10 days.
Mr. Rameshwarappa said the stalls would remain open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.

Blend fruit juices in fizzy drinks: Modi to Pepsi  CokeComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said multinational cola giants PepsiCo and Coca-Cola should help augment fruit sales for Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
"Millions of people buy Pepsi and Coke. I have asked these companies if they can put five per cent natural juice in their drinks," Modi said on Wednesday in Karnataka.
"If they can, then our farmers will make a lot of money. Our farmers will not have to throw their fruit away," he said after inaugurating a food park with a storage capacity of more than 20,000 tonnes for two dozen food processing companies.
Modi's food processing minister said last month that PepsiCo should reduce the sugar content of its beverages, and asked the company to partner with the government to develop nutritious processed food for school students.
The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
India, the world's second largest producer of fruits and vegetables, throws away fresh produce worth millions of dollars every year because of the country's lack of adequate cold storage facilities and refrigerated transport.
Modi's made his pitch to the world's largest drink makers days before a trip to the United States, where he is scheduled to meet top executives from multinational companies, including from PepsiCo.
The country has about 6,500 cold storage facilities and the prime minister is seeking foreign investments and technological upgrades to reduce food wastage and expand the food processing network.
The US-beverage companies have earlier stated that they are committed to expanding their presence in Asia's third-largest economy where a growing middle class has more to spend on processed beverages and food.
PepsiCo, the maker of Pepsi-Cola, Frito-Lay snacks and Tropicana juice last year said it had plans to invest $5.5 billion in India. Coca-Cola Co in 2012 allocated $5 billion for investments in Indian market by 2020.

